2021
ANNUAL REPORT
CONTENTS
BUSINESS OVERVIEW                                   2

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                  46

DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES          83

MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS   95

OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS                  99

EXEMPTIONS AND WAIVERS                              126

RISK FACTORS                                        129

DEFINITIONS                                         188

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT                        191

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                   197

FURTHER INFORMATION                                 277
    BUSINESS OVERVIEW

    We are a leading, fast-growing multi-brand hotel group in China with international operations. Our hotels
    are operated under three different models: leased and owned, franchised, and franchised hotels that
    we operate under management contracts, which we refer to as “manachised.” We expanded our hotel
    network from 5,618 hotels as of December 31, 2019 to 7,830 hotels (including 124 hotels under legacy
    DH) as of December 31, 2021, representing a CAGR of 18.1%. As of December 31, 2021, we had 7,830
    hotels in operation, including 738 leased and owned hotels and 7,092 manachised and franchised hotels,
    with an aggregate of 753,216 hotel rooms. As of the same date, we were developing an additional 2,608
    hotels, including 46 leased and owned hotels and 2,562 manachised and franchised hotels.


    Brands are the bedrock of our success. In over a decade, we grew from an economy hotel chain to a
    multi-brand hotel group covering the full spectrum of market segments. Leveraging our consumer
    insights and our capability to deliver innovative and trend-setting products, we now operate a portfolio
    of over 20 distinct hotel brands. As an example of our success in brand-building, our mainstay HanTing
    Hotel brand has become a household name in China, synonymous with a comfortable stay and an
    affordable price. Our JI Hotel , another established brand, is one of the top-of-mind brands among all
    midscale hotel brands for consumers in China. Since launching Joya Hotel , our first upscale brand,
    in 2013, we have further expanded into the upscale market. We have also enlarged our portfolio
    with international midscale to upscale brands through our strategic alliance with Accor in 2016 and
    acquisition of Deutsche Hospitality in January 2020. By expanding our brand portfolio, we now offer not
    only products targeting business travelers, but also brands catering to emerging market trends and
    customer needs–from weekend getaways to life-enriching experiences. Our lifestyle and resort brand,
    Blossom House , is particularly popular among leisure travelers.


    Below presents our major hotel brands by category as of the date of this annual report.


    •        Economy hotel brands: HanTing Hotel, Ni Hao Hotel, Hi Inn, Elan Hotel, Zleep Hotels and Ibis
             Hotel ;


    •        Midscale hotel brands: JI Hotel, Orange Hotel, Starway Hotel, Ibis Styles Hotel and CitiGO Hotel ;


    •        Upper midscale hotel brands: Crystal Orange Hotel, IntercityHotel, Manxin Hotel, Mercure Hotel,
             Madison Hotel and Novotel Hotel ;


    •        Upscale hotel brands: Joya Hotel, Blossom House, Steigenberger Hotels & Resorts, MAXX by
             Steigenberger, Jaz in the City, and Grand Mercure; and


    •        Luxury hotel brand: Steigenberger Icon and Song Hotels .

    Notes:

    (1)      We enjoy exclusive franchise rights in respect of Accor’s Mercure Hotel, Ibis Hotel and Ibis Styles Hotel brands and
             non-exclusive franchise rights in respect of its Grand Mercure and Novotel Hotel brands in certain regions. In addition, we
             have exclusive rights to operate, manage, franchise and license hotels under the Jaz in the City brand in certain regions.

    (2)      As of December 31, 2021, we also operated 9 other hotels and had 4 other hotels under construction, including partner hotels
             under Deutsche Hospitality and other hotel brands in Yongle Huazhu Hotel & Resort Group.




2   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                          BUSINESS OVERVIEW


We have developed a vast base of loyal and engaged customers under our H Rewards loyalty program.
H Rewards covers all of our brands and had more than 193 million members as of December 31, 2021.
We engage with program members through multiple online and offline touch points to personalize their
lodging experiences and foster strong and long-lasting relationships that inspire loyalty to our brands.
H Rewards is a powerful distribution platform, enabling us to conduct lower-cost, targeted marketing
campaigns and maintain a high percentage of direct sales to customers. In 2021, approximately 75% of
our room-nights were sold to customers who were individual or corporate H Rewards members in legacy
Huazhu.


We have developed industry-leading, proprietary technology infrastructure that enhances customer
experience, increases our operational efficiency, and supports our fast growth. The core of this
infrastructure is a comprehensive suite of modularized applications, including a cloud-based property
management system and centralized reservation, procurement and revenue management systems.
Leveraging our operational experience and technological capabilities, we have built a centralized
shared service center and realized the economies of scale made possible through our enormous hotel
operations. We have also undertaken a series of industry-first digitalization initiatives to optimize our
hotels’ operational efficiency and cost structure and operate “smart” hotels. Our digital transformation
initiative, the “Easy” series, has increased the speed and efficiency of our hotels’ entire business
processes, from the moment a reservation is made until a guest checks out.


Leveraging our strong brand recognition, massive member traffic, and robust technology infrastructure,
we have pioneered a business operating system designed to enhance hotel operations across all fronts.
Our business operating system is the result of our years of industry know-how, and it includes innovative
ideas that are first tested and refined by our leased and owned business. Subsequently, these ideas
can be “plugged-and-played” by our franchisees with confidence, thus allowing us to effectively expand
our hotel network in an asset-light manner. We added a net 2,212 hotels (including 124 hotels under
legacy DH) from December 31, 2019 to December 31, 2021, 97.7% of which were manachised and
franchised hotels. Apart from receiving franchise fees for these hotels, we also share our technology
infrastructure and our vast customers base with our franchisees. In addition to extending our expertise
to our manachised and franchised hotels, we can also monetize our core competencies by offering
standardized and tailored SaaS and IT solutions to other hotel operators, real estate companies and
service apartment providers. We believe that our distinct approach to hospitality has helped us establish
a highly differentiated business model that balances scale, quality and returns.


We have recorded outstanding financial performance in recent years, although our financial performance
was adversely affected by COVID-19 in 2020 and 2021. Our total revenue was RMB11,212 million,
RMB10,196 million and RMB12,785 million (US$2,006 million) in 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively.
We had net income attributable to Huazhu Group of RMB1,769 million in 2019. We recorded net loss
attributed to Huazhu Group of RMB2,192 million and RMB465 million (US$73 million) in 2020 and 2021,
respectively. Our adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP) amounted to RMB3,349 million, negative RMB244 million
and RMB1,571 million (US$247 million) in 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively, and our net cash provided
by operating activities amounted to RMB3,293 million, RMB609 million and RMB1,342 million (US$210
million) in these respective periods.




                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   3
    BUSINESS OVERVIEW


    We believe that our core competencies and proven business model well-position us to increase our share
    in the expanding global lodging industry and continue to deliver encouraging financial performance.


    OUR HOTEL NETWORK
    We operate hotels under lease and ownership, manachise and franchise models. Under the lease and
    ownership model, we directly operate hotels located primarily on leased properties, as well as on owned
    properties. Under the manachise model, we manage manachised hotels through the on-site hotel
    managers we appoint and collect fees from franchisees. Under the franchise model, we collect fees from
    franchisees but do not appoint on-site hotel managers. We have adopted a disciplined return-driven
    development model aimed at achieving high growth and profitability and applied consistent operational
    and quality standards across all of our hotels.


    Our hotel network has grown rapidly. The following table sets forth the number of hotels we operated as
    of the dates indicated.


                                                                         As of December 31,
                                  2011      2012     2013     2014      2015     2016     2017      2018      2019    2020    2021(1)

    Leased and owned hotels         344      465      565       611      616      624       671      699       688     753      738
    Manachised hotels               295      516      835     1,376    2,067    2,471     2,874    3,309      4,519   5,746   6,824
    Franchised hotels                 –       54        25        8       80      174       201      222       411     290      268
    Total                           639    1,035    1,425     1,995    2,763    3,269     3,746    4,230      5,618   6,789   7,830


    (1)     Include 76 leased hotels, 48 manachised and franchised hotels operated by Deutsche Hospitality.



    As of December 31, 2021, our hotel network covered 7,830 hotels spanning 811 cities in 31 provinces
    and municipalities across the greater China region and 16 other countries, and we also had a pipeline of
    hotels in these countries and regions. As of December 31, 2021, we had an additional 2,608 leased and
    owned as well as manachised and franchised hotels under development.




4   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                                            BUSINESS OVERVIEW


The following table sets forth a summary of all of our hotels by geographic region as of December 31,
2021.


                                                                                                 Leased and       Manachised and
                                         Leased and                                                   Owned             Franchised
                                               Owned      Manachised        Franchised         Hotels Under           Hotels Under
                                             Hotels(2)         Hotels(3)        Hotels(3)    Development(4)         Development(4)

Greater China:
  Shanghai, Beijing, Guangzhou,
      Shenzhen and Hangzhou                        252            1,503               83                     9                      311
  Others (including Taiwan)(5)                     409            5,293              164                     9                 2,241
  Subtotal                                         661            6,796              247                    18                 2,552


Outside Greater China:
  Europe                                            76                15              10                    28                        5
  Other countries(6)                                  1               13              11                     0                        5
  Subtotal                                          77                28              21                    28                       10
Total                                              738            6,824              268                    46                 2,562


(1)     The data in this table include hotels under governmental requisition and hotels temporarily closed following the outbreak of
        COVID-19. As of December 31, 2021, we had 147 hotels under governmental requisition in China.

(2)     Include 76 leased hotels operated by Deutsche Hospitality and 662 leased and owned hotels operated by the rest of our Group.

(3)     Include 48 manachised and franchised hotels operated by Deutsche Hospitality and 7,044 manachised and franchised hotels
        operated by the rest of our Group.


(4)     Include hotels for which we have entered into binding leases, purchase agreements of land use right or property, or franchise
        agreements but that have not yet commenced operations. The inactive projects are excluded from this list according to
        management judgment.

(5)     For our hotels in operation, include 806 cities across 29 provinces and municipalities; for our hotels under development,
        include 795 cities across 30 provinces and municipalities (including Taiwan).

(6)     For our hotels in operation, include Tunisia, Egypt, the UAE, Oman, Saudi Arabia, Singapore and Qatar; for our hotels under
        development, include Oman, the UAE, India and Cambodia.




                                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021             5
    BUSINESS OVERVIEW


    The following table sets forth the status of our hotels under development as of December 31, 2021.


                                                                        Pre-conversion             Conversion
                                                                                  Period   (1)
                                                                                                       Period(2)                 Total

    Leased and owned hotels                                                              34                    12                   46
    Manachised and franchised hotels                                                 1,668                   894                2,562
    Total                                                                            1,702                   906                2,608

    (1)     Includes hotels for which we have entered into binding leases or franchise agreements but of which the property has not been
            delivered by the respective lessors or property owners, as the case may be. The inactive projects are excluded from this list
            according to management judgment.

    (2)     Includes hotels for which we have commenced conversion activities but that have not yet commenced operations. The inactive
            projects are excluded from this list according to management judgment.


    Among the 46 leased and owned hotels under development as of December 31, 2021, we had 34 leased
    and owned hotels during pre-conversion period, for which we have entered into binding leases but of
    which the property has not been delivered by the respective lessors, and had 12 leased and owned
    hotels during conversion period, for which we have commenced conversion activities but that have not
    yet commenced operations. The anticipated completion dates for these leased and owned hotels during
    conversion period range from March 2022 to December 2022. Total budgeted development costs for
    these leased and owned hotels during conversion period, which primarily include construction costs
    for leasehold improvement and the furniture and equipment for hotel operation, were RMB426 million
    (US$67 million), of which RMB155 million (US$24 million) was incurred as of December 31, 2021. The
    average development costs per square meter for completed leased and owned hotels in 2021 were
    approximately RMB2,700 (US$424). The franchisees are responsible for development costs for our
    manachised hotels and franchised hotels.


    The reasons for hotel closures typically include property-related matters (such as rezoning and expiry of
    leases), hotel operation quality or results not meeting our requirements, and other commercial reasons.


    In addition to hotels permanently closed as presented above, due to the impact of COVID-19, we also
    had a large number of hotels in China temporarily closed in the first quarter of 2020. As of December 31,
    2021, approximately 98% of legacy Huazhu’s hotel (excluding hotels under governmental requisition)
    had resumed operations. During the first quarter of 2020, Chinese governmental authorities also
    requisitioned accumulatively 610 of our hotels in various locations for the accommodation of medical
    support workers and for quarantine purposes in relation to COVID-19. As of December 31, 2021, we had
    147 hotels under governmental requisition in China. As COVID-19 spreads globally, the hotel operations
    of Deutsche Hospitality in Europe have also been adversely affected since early March 2020. Local
    governments in Europe imposed travel restrictions and lockdowns to contain the spread of COVID-19,
    and as a result, a number of our Deutsche Hospitality hotels were temporarily closed in 2020. As of
    December 31, 2021, all hotels of Deutsche Hospitality that were temporarily closed due to COVID-19 had
    resumed operation.




6   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                           BUSINESS OVERVIEW



LEASED AND OWNED HOTELS
As of December 31, 2021, we had 729 leased hotels and 9 owned hotels, accounting for approximately
9.4% of our hotels in operation. We manage and operate each aspect of these hotels and bear all of the
accompanying expenses. We are responsible for recruiting, training and supervising the hotel managers
and employees, paying for leases and costs associated with construction and renovation of these hotels,
and purchasing all supplies and other required equipment.


Our leased hotels are located on leased properties. The terms of our leases typically range from ten to 30
years. We generally enjoy an initial two- to eight-month rent-free period. For certain of our hotels (under
Deutsche Hospitality), the landlords are responsible for renovating the hotels (other than soft furnishing)
and we are not required to pay rent until this renovation is completed. We generally pay fixed rent on a
monthly, quarterly or biannual basis for the first three to five years of the lease term, after which we are
generally subject to a 2% to 6% increase on rent every three to five years or, for Deutsche Hospitality’s
hotels, generally annual adjustments based on consumer price index levels. Our leases usually allow
extensions by mutual agreement. In addition, our lessors are typically required to notify us in advance if
they intend to sell or dispose of their properties, in which case we have a right of first refusal to purchase
the properties on equivalent terms and conditions. To mitigate the impact of COVID-19, we have been
negotiating with landlords to reduce or delay our rental payment.


45 of our leases expired in 2021, among which 18 were renewed, 12 were converted to manachised and
franchised hotels and 15 were terminated. The following table sets forth the number of our leases for
hotels in operation and under development that were expected to expire in the periods indicated as of
December 31, 2021.


                                                                                                 Number of
                                                                                                     Leases
2022                                                                                                      67
2023                                                                                                      45
2024                                                                                                      49
2025                                                                                                      50
2026                                                                                                      66
2027-2029                                                                                               177
2030-2032                                                                                               113
2033 and onward                                                                                         208
Total                                                                                                   775




                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021    7
    BUSINESS OVERVIEW



    MANACHISED AND FRANCHISED HOTELS
    As of December 31, 2021, we had 6,824 manachised hotels and 268 franchised hotels, accounting for
    approximately 87.2% and 3.4%, respectively, of our hotels in operation. Our franchisees lease or own
    their hotel properties and are responsible for the costs of developing and operating the manachised or
    franchised hotels, including constructing and renovating the hotels according to our standards, and all
    of the hotel operating expenses. We impose the same standards on all of our manachised and franchised
    hotels to ensure product quality and consistency across our hotel network. Our franchisees are not
    allowed to sub-franchise hotels under our brands to any third party. We collect fees from the franchisees
    of our manachised and franchised hotels and do not bear any loss incurred or otherwise share any profit
    realized by our franchisees. We believe that the manachise and franchise models have enabled us to
    quickly and effectively expand our geographical coverage and market share in a less capital-intensive
    manner through leveraging the local knowledge and relationships of our franchisees.


    Manachised hotels
    We manage our manachised hotels and impose the same standards on all manachised hotels as our
    other hotels to ensure product quality and consistency across our hotel network. For our manachised
    hotels under legacy Huazhu, our manachise agreements typically have the following terms:


    Scope of service: We authorize a manachised hotel to use our relevant brand name, logo and relevant
    trademarks. The franchisee is responsible for the hotel’s construction, renovation and maintenance. We
    provide guidance to the franchisee on the construction or renovation of the hotel and require the hotel to
    meet our standards before approving it to commence operations. We appoint and train hotel managers
    who are responsible for hiring hotel staff and managing daily operations of our manachised hotels. We
    also provide our franchisees with services such as central reservation, sales and marketing support,
    technology support, quality assurance inspections and other operational support and information.


    Fees collected: we generally charge our franchisees an upfront franchise fee typically ranging between
    RMB80,000 and RMB1,000,000 per hotel, as well as a monthly franchise fee of approximately 3% to
    6.5% of the gross revenues generated by each manachised hotel. In addition, we collect from franchisees
    a reservation fee for using our central reservation system and a membership registration fee for
    customers who join our H Rewards (previously known as HUAZHU Rewards) loyalty program at the
    manachised hotels. We also charge system maintenance and support fees and other IT service fees from
    our franchisees for sharing our technology infrastructure with our manachised hotels. Furthermore, we
    employ and appoint hotel managers for the manachised hotels and charge franchisees for a manager fee
    on a monthly basis.


    Term of service: our franchise and management agreements for our manachised hotels typically run for
    an initial term of eight to ten years, and may be extended upon mutual agreement between us and the
    franchisee three months prior to the expiration of the franchise and management agreements.




8   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                           BUSINESS OVERVIEW


Termination: we typically have the right to early terminate the franchise and management agreements
immediately, if the franchisee commences operations without our approval, goes bankrupt, suspends
operation for a specified period, interferes in our appointed manager’s management of the hotel, or
violates applicable laws and regulations that result in harm to our brand, among others. We are also
entitled to terminate these agreements in case of material breaches of the agreements by the franchisee,
if the franchisee fails to rectify within a grace period. In all of these circumstances, we can keep the
franchise fee and franchise deposit collected and claim liquidated damages from the franchisee.


For our manachised hotels under Deutsche Hospitality, the franchisees have historically been required
to pay Deutsche Hospitality a management fee consisting of a base fee of 0.5% to 3.5% of the hotel’s
turnover and an incentive fee of 6% to 10% of the hotel’s adjusted gross operating profit. Deutsche
Hospitality participates in the distribution of the manachised hotel’s profit, and charges a marketing
fee for a few manachised hotels. General manager compensation of a manachised hotel, including
salaries, social security contribution, and various benefits and bonuses, is borne by the manachised
hotel. For some manachised hotels outside Germany, Deutsche Hospitality further charges a license
fee of approximately 0.5% to 1% of the hotel’s turnover. The term of service for our manachised hotels
under Deutsche Hospitality is typically 15 to 20 years. We are gradually adapting the terms of Deutsche
Hospitality’s franchise and management agreements to be similar to those of our other manachised
hotels.


Franchised hotels
We do not appoint hotel managers for our franchised hotels and do not manage their daily operations. We
apply the same standards to our franchised hotels as our other hotels. For our franchised hotels under
legacy Huazhu, the terms of the franchise agreements are subject to negotiation with individual hotel
owners, while they generally have the following terms:


Scope of service: the services that we provide to franchised hotels are similar to those we provide to
manachised hotels, except that we do not appoint managers and do not provide management services to
the franchised hotels.


Franchise fee: we charge our franchised hotels fees on generally the same terms as our manachised
hotels, except that we do not appoint hotel managers to our franchised hotels and thus do not charge
these hotels hotel manager fee on a monthly basis.


Term of service: our franchise agreements for our franchised hotels typically run for an initial term of
eight to ten years, and may be extended upon mutual agreement between us and the franchisee three
months prior to the expiration of the franchise agreements.


Termination: our rights to terminate the franchise agreements for our franchised hotels are similar to
those for our manachised hotels.




                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   9
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW


     For our franchised hotels under Deutsche Hospitality, the franchisees have historically been required to
     pay Deutsche Hospitality a franchise fee of approximately 0.5% to 4.0% of the hotel’s gross room revenue
     or turnover. Some hotels outside Germany are charged a fixed franchise fee ranging from EUR40,000
     to EUR150,000 per year. Most franchised hotels are also charged a central service fee (or marketing
     fee in older contracts) and a license fee. The term of service for our franchised hotels under Deutsche
     Hospitality is typically ten to 15 years. We are gradually adapting the terms of Deutsche Hospitality’s
     franchise agreements to be similar to those of our other franchised hotels.


     OUR PRODUCTS
     As of the date of this annual report, we have hotels in operation or under development under the
     following brands, which are designed to target distinct segments of customers:


     •      Economy hotel brands: HanTing Hotel, Ni Hao Hotel, Hi Inn, Elan Hotel, Zleep Hotels and Ibis
           Hotel ;


     •      Midscale hotel brands: JI Hotel, Orange Hotel, Starway Hotel, Ibis Styles Hotel and CitiGO Hotel ;


     •      Upper midscale hotel brands: Crystal Orange Hotel, IntercityHotel, Manxin Hotel, Mercure Hotel,
           Madison Hotel and Novotel Hotel ;


     •      Upscale hotel brands: Joya Hotel, Blossom House, Steigenberger Hotels & Resorts, MAXX by
           Steigenberger, Jaz in the City, and Grand Mercure; and


     •      Luxury hotel brand: Steigenberger Icon and Song Hotels .


     We have entered into brand franchise agreements with Accor and enjoyed exclusive franchise rights
     in respect of Mercure Hotel , Ibis Hotel and Ibis Styles Hotel in the PRC, Taiwan and Mongolia and
     non-exclusive franchise rights in respect of Grand Mercure and Novotel Hotel in the PRC, Taiwan
     and Mongolia. Through our acquisition of Deutsche Hospitality, we have obtained exclusive rights to
     construct, operate, manage, franchise and license hotels under the Jaz in the City brand in China, South
     East Asia, Japan, South Korea and Europe subject to certain exceptions, and non-exclusive rights to
     operate, manage, franchise and license certain hotels under the Jaz in the City brand in certain other
     countries and regions, such as Tunisia, Cape Verde, the UAE and Egypt.


     As of December 31, 2021, we also operated 9 other hotels, including partner hotels under Deutsche
     Hospitality and other hotels under other hotel brands in Yongle Huazhu Hotel & Resort Group.


     We believe that our multi-brand strategy provides us with a competitive advantage to open more hotels
     in attractive markets, capture a wider range of customers with evolving lodging preferences and needs,
     and achieve greater economies of scale through shared platforms.




10   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                           BUSINESS OVERVIEW



ECONOMY HOTEL BRANDS
HanTing Hotel
Launched in 2005, HanTing Hotel is our economy hotel product with the value proposition of “Quality,
Convenience and Value.” HanTing Hotels also includes hotels we previously marketed under the name
of Hanting Premium Hotels . These hotels are typically located in areas close to major business and
commercial districts. The HanTing Hotel targets knowledge workers and value- and quality-conscious
travelers. These hotels are equipped with complimentary wireless Internet access and laser printers, and
a cafe serving breakfast and simple meals. As of December 31, 2021, we had 3,027 HanTing Hotels in
operation and an additional 696 HanTing Hotels under development.


Ni Hao Hotel
Ni Hao Hotel is our economy hotel product targeting young customers. By digitalizing and standardizing
independent hotels, it helps improve their operational efficiency while maintaining their individual
features. Ni Hao Hotels provide clean and comfortable lodging experiences to the guests at affordable
prices. As of December 31, 2021, we had 163 Ni Hao Hotels under development and had 70 Ni Hao Hotel
in operation.


Hi Inn
Launched in late 2008 and originally marketed under the name of HanTing Hi Inn , Hi Inns target rational
and price-conscious travelers. These hotels offer compact rooms with comfortable beds and shower
facilities and complimentary wireless Internet access throughout the premises. These hotels provide
basic and clean accommodations. As of December 31, 2021, we had 443 Hi Inns in operation and an
additional 117 Hi Inns under development.


Elan Hotel
In September 2014, we launched Elan Hotel . Elan Hotel is our economy hotel product committed to
improving the operating efficiency of individual micro, small- and medium-sized economy hotels. With
the continuing upgrade of accommodations and services, these hotels provide a high quality experience
for young customers. As of December 31, 2021, we had 1,013 Elan Hotels in operation and an additional
190 Elan Hotels under development.


Ibis Hotel
Ibis Hotel is an economy hotel brand that is recognized across the world for its quality, reliability and
commitment to the environment. It created the revolutionary bedding concept Sweet Bed by Ibis Hotel,
and features welcoming, designer common areas and ibis kitchen, the modern food and beverage offer.
As of December 31, 2021, we had 219 Ibis Hotels in operation and an additional 28 Ibis Hotels under
development.


Zleep Hotels
Zleep Hotels , our economy hotel brand, is a well-known and successful hotel brand in Scandinavia
offering service and design at a great rate. As of December 31, 2021, we had 14 Zleep Hotels in operation
and an additional twelve Zleep Hotels under development.



                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   11
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW



     MIDSCALE HOTEL BRANDS
     JI Hotel
     JI Hotel is a midscale brand that we launched in 2010, typically located in city centers or central
     business districts. These hotels target travelers who seek a quality experience in hotel stays. JI Hotels
     offer rooms with quality comparable to three- to four-star rated hotels, but are priced at competitive
     rates. In addition, these hotels offer complimentary wireless Internet access throughout the premises,
     spacious lobbies with laser printers, computers, free drinks, and a cafe serving breakfast and simple
     meals. As of December 31, 2021, we had 1,381 JI Hotels in operation and an additional 575 JI Hotels
     under development.


     Orange Hotel
     Orange Hotel , previously marketed under two brand names: Orange Hotel and Orange Select Hotel, is
     our midscale hotel brand. These hotels are mini versions of our Crystal Orange Hotels with advanced
     sound-proof design. As of December 31, 2021, we had 432 Orange Hotels in operation and an additional
     217 Orange Hotels under development.


     Starway Hotel
     Starway Hotel , our midscale brand, varies in the hotels’ designs and targets middle class travelers who
     seek a spacious room, reasonable price and guaranteed quality. Starway Hotels offer rooms with quality
     comparable to three- to four-star rated hotels, but are priced at competitive rates. In addition, these
     hotels typically offer complimentary Internet access throughout the premises, spacious lobbies and
     meeting areas with complimentary tea and coffee. As of December 31, 2021, we had 528 Starway Hotels
     in operation and an additional 252 Starway Hotels under development.


     Ibis Styles Hotel
     Ibis Styles Hotel is a midscale brand that offers comfortable, designer hotels typically located in city
     centers or close to activity centers. The brand’s distinctive all-inclusive package includes the room,
     all-you-can-eat breakfast buffet and broadband Internet connection, plus a host of little extras. As of
     December 31, 2021, we had 79 Ibis Styles Hotels in operation and an additional 21 Ibis Styles Hotels
     under development.


     CitiGO Hotel
     CitiGO Hotel is a lifestyle brand that mainly targets young people. Crafted by internationally prestigious
     designers, CitiGO blends travel, sports and urban culture together to provide guests with unique lodging
     experience. With the concept of entry lux, fashion, social life and fun, CitiGO offers trendy hospitality
     with affordable price. The hotel restaurant provides extra-long breakfast from 7:00 am to 12:00 pm,
     fresh coffee, craft beer and free late-night snack. As of December 31, 2021, we had 30 CitiGO Hotels in
     operation, and an additional 7 CitiGO Hotels under development.




12   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                            BUSINESS OVERVIEW



UPPER MIDSCALE HOTEL BRANDS
Crystal Orange Hotel
Crystal Orange Hotel is our upper midscale hotel brand featuring boutique design hotels. These hotels
are equipped with advanced, four-star standard facilities, including free high-speed wireless internet
access, intelligent lighting system, wireless speakers and sound-proof design. As of December 31,
2021, we had 144 Crystal Orange Hotels in operation and an additional 58 Crystal Orange Hotels under
development.


IntercityHotel
IntercityHotel is our upper midscale urban hotel brand targeting business travelers. The hotels of
IntercityHotel are usually located within walking distance of train stations or airports. As of December
31, 2021, we had 49 IntercityHotels in operation and an additional 25 IntercityHotels under development,
including two hotels in operation and eight pipeline hotels in China.


Manxin Hotel
Manxin Hotel was launched as an upper midscale brand of resorts in October 2013, and was previously
branded as Manxin Hotel & Resorts. Nowadays Manxin Hotel has become a brand with city hotels and
resorts. These hotels are typically located in city centers or business districts and holiday resort areas.
Manxin Hotels offer high quality rooms, intelligent service system, rich breakfast, lunch, afternoon tea,
dinner and even coffee and drinks. Moreover, Manxin Hotel is aimed at bringing the guests a distinct
experience by presenting amazing space design and offering attractive activities. Live Lively is Manxin
Hotel’s proposition. As of December 31, 2021, we had 84 Manxin Hotels in operation and an additional 62
Manxin Hotels under development.


Mercure Hotel
Mercure Hotel is an upper midscale hotel brand that combines the strength of an international network
with a strong quality commitment with the warm experiences of hotels that are rooted in their local
community, targeting business and leisure travelers around the world. These hotels are typically located
in city centers, by the sea or in the mountains. As of December 31, 2021, we had 125 Mercure Hotels in
operation and an additional 50 Mercure Hotels under development.


Madison Hotel
We launched our new upper midscale hotel brands Madison Hotel and Grand Madison Hotel in 2019,
which are committed to offering guests a classic lodging experience. In 2020, we merged the Grand
Madison Hotel brand into the Madison Hotel brand. These hotels target business and leisure guests
with high lodging standards and desire to understand more of the cities they are traveling in, and offer
comfortable accommodations, functional furnishings and facilities, and high-quality services. As of
December 31, 2021, we had 37 Madison Hotels in operation, and an additional 56 Madison Hotels under
development.




                                                                        Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   13
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW



     Novotel Hotel
     Novotel is an upper midscale brand that provides a multi-service offering for both business and leisure
     guests, with spacious, modular rooms, 24/7 catering offers with balanced meals, meeting rooms,
     attentive and proactive staff, kid areas, multi-purpose lobbies and fitness centers. These hotels are
     typically located in the heart of major international cities, business districts and tourist destinations. As
     of December 31, 2021, we had 15 Novotel Hotels in operation and an additional 13 Novotel Hotels under
     development.


     UPSCALE HOTEL BRANDS
     Joya Hotel
     In December 2013, we launched our upscale brand Joya Hotel . These hotels are typically located in areas
     close to major business and commercial districts in first- and second-tier cities and target affluent
     travelers and corporate events. Joya Hotel is designed for guests to enjoy all-inclusive services, including
     complimentary breakfast, afternoon tea, healthy snacks, mini bar free drinks, gym, automatic massage
     cabins and other premium services. The rooms are equipped with high-speed fiber access, full wireless
     coverage and Bluetooth speakers. As of December 31, 2021, we had nine Joya Hotels in operation.


     Blossom House
     Blossom House , previously branded Blossom Hill Hotels & Resorts, is our upscale lifestyle and resort
     brand targeting affluent travelers. Most of Blossom House hotels are located near typical scenic spots.
     As of December 31, 2021, we have 34 Blossom House hotels in operation and an additional 39 Blossom
     House hotels under development.


     Steigenberger Hotels & Resorts
     Steigenberger Hotels & Resorts is our upscale lifestyle and resort brand targeting affluent travelers. The
     Steigenberger Hotels & Resorts hotels are typically located in historic traditional buildings and lively city
     residences, and offer health and beauty oases set at the very heart of nature. As of December 31, 2021,
     we had 56 Steigenberger Hotels & Resorts in operation and an additional 10 Steigenberger Hotels &
     Resorts under development, including 11 hotels in operation and five pipeline hotels in China.


     MAXX by Steigenberger
     MAXX by Steigenberger , our upscale conversion hotel brand, is a new, charismatic concept and focuses
     on creating a warm, feel-good atmosphere in all destinations. As of December 31, 2021, we had seven
     MAXX by Steigenberger hotels in operation and six MAXX by Steigenberger hotel under development,
     including two hotels in operation and five pipeline hotels in China.


     Jaz in the City
     Jaz in the City is our upscale lifestyle brand. Jaz in the City branded hotels reflect metropolitan lifestyle
     and draw upon the local music and cultural scene. As of December 31, 2021, we have three Jaz in the
     City hotels in operation and one Jaz in the City hotels under development.




14   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                           BUSINESS OVERVIEW



Grand Mercure
Grand Mercure is a brand that offers an upscale network of hotels and apartments that combine local
culture with world-class services. With hotels that are uniquely adapted to each market, the brand helps
guests “discover a new authentic”. As of December 31, 2021, we had seven Grand Mercure Hotels in
operation and additional three Grand Mercure Hotels under development.


LUXURY HOTEL BRAND
Steigenberger Icon
Steigenberger Icon is our new brand. It is our first brand under luxury level, a prestigious level we
granted only to our most legendary Steigenberger hotels. Our Icon hotels situate at some of the world’s
most privileged destinations, each Icon hotel tells its own inimitable story and provides customers with
unique lodging experience with the concept of luxury, heritage and simplicity. As of December 31, 2021,
we had nine Steigenberger Icon Hotels in operation and additional two Steigenberger Icon Hotels under
development.


Song Hotels
Song Hotels is our luxury hotel brand designed for high-end vacation experience. The development of this
brand is inspired by culture and the delicate aesthetics from Song dynasty. Song hotels convey a leisure
and elegant lifestyle to its guests through the use of the exquisite decoration and meticulous service.
Simple but elegant artistic furnishings and garden landscape can be seen everywhere in the hotel.
As of December 31, 2021, we had six Song Hotels in operation and additional one Song Hotels under
development.


HOTEL DEVELOPMENT
We mainly use the manachise and franchise models to expand our network in a less capital-intensive
manner. We also lease the properties of the hotels we operate. Other than the properties we acquired as
part of our strategic alliance with Accor in 2016, and from our acquisition of Blossom Hotel Management,
we typically do not acquire properties ourselves, as owning properties is generally much more capital
intensive. We have adopted a systematic process with respect to the planning and execution of new
development projects. Our development department analyzes economic data by city, field visit reports
and market intelligence information to identify target locations in each city and form a three-year
development plan for new hotels on a regular basis. The plan is subsequently reviewed and approved by
our investment committee. Once a property is identified in the targeted location, staff in our development
department analyzes the business terms and formulates a proposal for the project. In the case of
a lease opportunity, the investment committee evaluates each proposed project based on several
factors, including the length of the investment payback period, the rate of return on the investment, the
amount of net cash flow projected during the operating period and the impact on our existing hotels
in the vicinity. When evaluating potential manachising and franchising opportunities, the investment
committee considers the attractiveness of the location as well as additional factors such as quality
of the prospective franchisee and product consistency with our standards. Our investment committee
weighs each investment proposal carefully to ensure that we can effectively expand our coverage while
concurrently improving our profitability.




                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   15
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW


     The following is a description of our hotel development process.


     MANACHISED AND FRANCHISED HOTELS
     We open manachised and franchised hotels to expand our geographical coverage or to further penetrate
     in our existing markets. Manachised and franchised hotels provide us valuable operating information in
     assessing the attractiveness of new markets, and supplement our coverage in areas where the potential
     franchisees can have access to attractive locations by leveraging their own assets and local network.
     As is the case with leased and owned hotels, we generally look to establish manachised and franchised
     hotels near popular commercial and office districts that tend to generate stronger demand for hotel
     accommodations. Manachised and franchised hotels must also meet specified criteria in connection with
     the infrastructure of the building, such as adequate water, electricity and sewage systems.


     We typically source potential franchisees through word-of-mouth referrals, applications submitted via
     our website and industry conferences. Some of our franchisees operate several of our manachised and
     franchised hotels. In general, we seek franchisees who share our values and management philosophies.


     We typically supervise the franchisees in designing and renovating their properties pursuant to the same
     standards required for our leased and owned hotels, and provide assistance as required. We also provide
     technical expertise and recommend pre-selected qualified suppliers to our franchisees. In addition, we
     appoint or train hotel managers and help train other hotel staff for our manachised hotels to ensure that
     high quality and consistent services are provided throughout all our hotels.


     LEASED AND OWNED HOTELS
     We seek properties that are in central or highly accessible locations in economically more developed
     cities in order to maximize the room rates that we can charge. In addition, we typically seek properties
     that will accommodate hotels of 80 to 300 rooms.


     After identifying a proposed site, we conduct thorough due diligence and typically negotiate leases
     concurrently with the lessors. All leases and development plans are subject to the final approval of
     our investment committee. Once a lease agreement has been executed, we then engage independent
     design firms and construction companies to begin work on leasehold improvement. Our construction
     management team works closely with these firms on planning and architectural design. Our contracts
     with construction companies typically contain warranties for quality and requirements for timely
     completion of construction. Contractors or suppliers are typically required to compensate us in the
     event of delays or poor work quality. A majority of the construction materials and supplies used in the
     construction of our new hotels are purchased by us through a centralized procurement system.




16   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                         BUSINESS OVERVIEW



HOTEL MANAGEMENT
Our management team has accumulated significant experience with respect to the operation of hotels.
Building on this experience, our management team has developed a robust operational platform for our
nationwide operations, implemented a rigorous budgeting process, and utilized our real-time information
systems to monitor our hotel performance. We believe these systems are critical in maximizing our
revenues and profitability. The following are some of the key components of our hotel management
infrastructure:


Budgeting . Our budget and analysis team prepares a detailed annual cost and revenue budget for each of
our leased and owned hotels, and an annual revenue budget for each of our manachised and franchised
hotels. The hotel budget is prepared based on, among other things, the historical operating performance
of each hotel, the performance of comparable hotels and local market conditions. We may adjust the
budget upon the occurrence of unexpected events that significantly affect a specific hotel’s operating
performance. In addition, our compensation scheme for managers in each hotel is directly linked to its
performance against the annual budget.


Pricing . The room rates of our leased and owned hotels as well as manachised hotels are determined
using a centralized RMS. We adjust room rates regularly based on seasonality and market demand. We
also adjust room rates for certain events, such as the China Import and Export Fair held twice a year in
Guangzhou, the World Expo in Shanghai in 2010 and public health events such as COVID-19. Room rates
for our franchised hotels are determined by the franchisees based on local market conditions.


Monitoring . Through our cloud-based property management system, we are able to monitor each hotel’s
occupancy status, average daily room rates, RevPAR and other operating data on a real-time basis.
Real-time hotel operating information allows us to adjust our sales efforts and other resources to rapidly
capitalize on changes in the market and to maximize operating efficiency.


Centralized cash management . Our leased and owned hotels deposit cash into our central account
several times a week. We also generally centralize all payments for expenditures. Our manachised and
franchised hotels manage their cash separately.


Centralized procurement . We have implemented a centralized procurement system to cope with our
large procurement requirements. Given the scale of our hotel network and our centralized procurement
system, we have the purchasing power to secure favorable terms from suppliers for all of our hotels.


Quality assurance . We have formed detailed brand standards on hotel facilities and interior decoration
for us and our franchisees to follow. We have also developed an operating manual to which our staff
closely adhere to ensure the consistency and quality of our customer experience. We conduct periodic
internal quality checks of our hotels to ensure that our operating policies and procedures are followed.
We also engage “mystery guests” from time to time to ensure that we are providing consistent quality
services. Furthermore, we actively solicit customer feedback by conducting outbound e-mail surveys and
monitor comments posted on our website and third-party websites.




                                                                    Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   17
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW


     Training . We view the quality and skill sets of our employees as essential to our business and thus have
     made employee training one of our top priorities. Our Research and Study Center of Huazhu Group,
     previously known as HanTing College and HuaZhu University, together with our regional management
     teams, offers structured training programs for our hotel managers, other hotel-based staff and corporate
     staff. Our hotel managers are required to attend a three-week intensive training program, covering
     topics such as our corporate culture, team management, sales and marketing, customer service, hotel
     operation standards and financial and human resource management. A substantial number of our hotel
     managers have received training completion certificates. Our Research and Study Center of Huazhu
     Group has prepared a new-hire training package to standardize the training for hotel-based staff
     across our hotel group. In addition, we provide our corporate staff with various training programs, such
     as managerial skills, office software skills and corporate culture. In 2021, our hotel-based staff and
     corporate staff on average received approximately 68 and 48 hours of training, respectively.


     TECHNOLOGY INFRASTRUCTURE AND DIGITALIZATION
     We have successfully developed and implemented an advanced proprietary and scalable group-level
     technology infrastructure, as well as complete suite of hotel-level digital transformation initiatives. They
     cover our hotel operations by leveraging advanced technologies such as algorithms, big data analytics,
     data mining, AI, machine learning and IoT. These facilities enable us to improve the efficiency of our
     operations, make timely decisions and enhance our profitability.


     As part of the 500-day IT integration program for our acquired Deutsche Hospitality, we also have
     deployed our in-house developed applications to Deutsche Hospitality to improve its operational
     efficiency and enrich its customer experiences.


     A Global Business Integration Project was also launched in 2021, which combines Huazhu’s fast
     development and digital expertise with Deutsche Hospitality’s service excellence, international
     know-how and network. The aim is to collaboratively adapt the existing systems and to develop new
     business models, platforms and tools to support Huazhu in becoming one of the fastest developing and
     best performing hotel owner, operator and franchisor in the international market.


     The following discusses certain key aspects of our technology infrastructure as well as our digitalization
     initiatives:


     TECHNOLOGY INFRASTRUCTURE
     Customer relationship management (CRM) system . Our integrated CRM system maintains information
     of our H Rewards members, including their reservation and consumption history and pattern, points
     accumulated and redeemed, and prepayment and balance. By closely tracking and monitoring member
     information and behavior, we are able to better serve the members of our loyalty program and offer
     targeted promotions to enhance customer loyalty. The CRM system also allows us to monitor the
     performance of our corporate client sales representatives.




18   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                        BUSINESS OVERVIEW


Central reservation system (CRS) . We have an around-the-clock, real-time central reservation system
available 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Our central reservation system allows reservations through
multiple channels including our mobile apps, call center, third-party travel agents and online reservation
partners. The real-time inventory management capability of the system improves the efficiency of
reservations, enhances customer satisfaction and maximizes our profitability.


Centralized revenue management system (RMS) . Our RMS is the first in-house developed, large scale,
fully automated RMS in China’s hotel industry. Powered by in-house developed algorithms and AI, our
RMS automatically adjusts room rates of all hotels within our hotel network (including directly operated
hotels, manachised hotels and franchised hotels) in a centralized manner at the group level or the
business unit level, based on the historical operating performance of each hotel, our competitors’ room
rates and local market conditions within minutes, effectively optimizing the hotel’s average daily room
rates and occupancy levels. We believe our centralized pricing system enhances our ability to adjust
room rates in a timely fashion with a goal of optimizing average daily room rates and occupancy levels
across our network.


Centralized procurement system (CPS) . Leveraging Internet of Things (“IoT”) technology, our CPS is one of
the first and one of the largest centralized procurement systems in China’s lodging industry in terms of
total purchase. Our CPS has enabled us to efficiently manage our operating costs, especially with respect
to supplies used in large quantities, and allows all hotels across our network to make bulk purchases of
hotel supplies at the same time.


DIGITALIZATION INITIATIVES
Cloud-based property management system (Cloud-PMS) . A property management system, or PMS, is a
hotel management software suite that hotel managers and front desk staff use to manage every hotel’s
daily business operations. Our Cloud-PMS is a cloud-based, hotel-level application that is empowered
by, and seamlessly integrated with, our centralized technology infrastructure (which is comprised of our
RMS and other group-level modules). Unlike onsite-PMSs which require significant upfront hardware
investment and are costly and time-consuming to upgrade, our cloud-based PMS is highly scalable and
enables the simultaneous launch of new services across all of our hotels. This system enables each
hotel within our network to efficiently and cost-effectively manage its room inventory, reservations and
pricing on its own on a real-time basis through an Internet browser, which in turn optimizes each hotel’s
occupancy rate, average daily room rates and revenues generated per available room, or RevPAR. The
system is designed to enable us to enhance our profitability and compete more effectively by integrating
with our CRS and CRM. We believe our Cloud-PMS has enabled our management to more effectively
assess the performance of our hotels on a timely basis and to efficiently allocate resources and
effectively identify specific market and sales targets.




                                                                    Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   19
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW


     ”Easy” series. We have implemented an “Easy” series digital system to improve our hotel’s operating
     efficiency. For example, our “Easy House Keeping” digital system, which is the first of its kind in the
     industry, streamlines and digitizes various hotel housekeeping processes, including room cleaning,
     room status update and maintenance, which in turn reduces the time between check-out and check-in
     of a hotel room, increasing hotel room turnover efficiency. This system features an in-house developed,
     designated mobile application which automatically assigns cleaning or maintenance staff to a room
     that requires cleaning or repairs. In addition, our “Easy Invoicing” digital system greatly simplifies the
     check-out process for business travelers.


     Self-check-in/out kiosks . Our user-friendly, patented self-check-in/out kiosks, featuring advanced
     technologies such as facial recognition, offer a completely automated replacement of the standard
     check-in/out services.


     Digital payment initiatives . We currently offer a variety of convenient digital payment options for our hotel
     guests, including online credit card payment, Alipay, WeChat Pay and Apple Pay.


     Smart robots . We are one of the first hotel groups in China that have achieved large-scale deployment
     of smart robots. These AI-powered smart robots, which we co-developed with a third-party technology
     company, can travel the entire hotel to make deliveries of snacks, toiletries and other hotel amenities,
     greet guests and lead them to their rooms, improving both the hotel’s operating efficiency and guest
     experience.


     AI assistant . Our intelligent AI assistant, which we co-developed with a well-known third-party intelligent
     speech and AI service provider, is the first AI assistant in China’s hotel industry. Embedded in our mobile
     apps, our intelligent AI assistant can engage in conversation with hotel guests and answer their queries,
     thereby enhancing guest experience.


     Smart rooms . A number of other smart features of our hotel rooms also help enhance the quality of
     guests’ stay. For example, one of our AI initiatives, “Hello Huazhu,” also enables voice control of room
     facilities such as lights, TV, air-conditioning and window shades.


     Complimentary Wi-Fi . We were one of the first in China to offer complimentary Wi-Fi to all hotel guests
     in 2013. This initiative has greatly contributed to the growth of our customer base and has become
     mainstream in the industry.




20   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                          BUSINESS OVERVIEW



PRIVACY AND DATA SECURITY
We place a strong emphasis on data security. We have established an information security committee,
which focuses on ensuring the security of customer data and preventing data leakage by formulating
policies and procedures and providing us with data protection related guidance. We also have a
dedicated information security center equipped with personnel specialized in data security, compliance
and risk management. This center is involved in key aspects of our business operations and provides
other departments with professional data security and risk management services.


We have in place extensive policies, processes, network architecture, and software to protect customer
data. Our major systems, including those regarding property management, customer relationship
management, as well as our website and mobile apps, have passed the Level III information security
protection assessment conducted by the China National Accreditation Service for Conformity
Assessment. We have also obtained the ISO27001 information security management certification and
the ISO27701 privacy information management certification. Our payment system has passed the
payment card industry (“PCI”) data security standard (“DSS”) requirements and security assessment
procedures assessment. In addition, we collaborate with renowned consulting companies to strengthen
the infrastructure of our information technologies and systems and to ensure compliance with data
protection laws and regulations in the EU and China, such as the EU’s GDPR (as complemented by the
German Federal Data Protection Act).


We collect personal information of our guests customarily required for their hotel booking, check-ins and
check-outs, including their names, ID numbers, mobile phone numbers and email addresses. All of the
guests’ personal information is classified as the most confidential data in our data security system. We
have implemented stringent protocols to keep these data strictly confidential. We have a dedicated team
of professionals who conduct regular security testing on our systems and address system errors and
bugs; and a dedicated maintenance team for the maintenance of our systems, servers and databases.
We also collaborate with renowned information security companies regarding 24/7 system monitoring,
emergency response, and other expert consultation, to further strengthen our data security.


SALES AND MARKETING
Our marketing strategy is designed to enhance our brand recognition and customer loyalty. Building
and differentiating the brand image of each of our hotel products is critical to increasing our brand
recognition. We focus on targeting the distinct guest segments that each of our hotel products serves
and adopting effective marketing measures based on thorough analysis and application of data and
analytics. In 2021, approximately 83% of our room nights were sold through our own sales channels and
the remaining 17% of our room nights through intermediaries in legacy Huazhu.


We use our RMS and Cloud-PMS systems to conduct pricing management for all of our hotels except
for our franchised hotels. We review our hotel pricing regularly and adjust room rates as needed based
on local market conditions and the specific location of each hotel, focusing mainly on three factors: (i)
optimum occupancy rate of the hotel and our other hotels nearby, (ii) seasonal demand for the hotel and
(iii) event-driven demand for the hotel.




                                                                     Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   21
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW


     A key component of our marketing efforts is the H Rewards, our loyalty program, which covers all of
     our brands. We believe the H Rewards loyalty program allows us to build customer loyalty and conduct
     lower-cost, targeted marketing campaigns. As of December 31, 2021, our H Rewards had more than 193
     million members. In 2021, approximately 75% of our room nights were sold to our H Rewards members
     in legacy Huazhu. Members of the H Rewards are provided with discounts on room rates, free breakfasts
     (for gold and platinum members), more convenient check-out procedures and other benefits. H Rewards
     members can also accumulate points through stays in our hotels or by purchasing products and services
     provided at our hotels and from Hua Zhu Mall. These points can be used to offset the room charges in
     our hotels, buy products in Hua Zhu mall, book transportations and tickets through our platform or be
     redeemed for various coupons. The H Rewards includes five levels of membership: star, silver, rose gold,
     gold and platinum. Rose gold membership is only available for corporate members of the H Rewards. H
     Rewards was previously known as HanTing Club and HuaZhu Club.


     Our marketing activities also include internet advertising, press and sponsored activities held jointly with
     our corporate partners and advertisements on travel and business magazines.


     COMPETITION
     The hotel industry in China is highly fragmented. A significant majority of the room supply has come from
     independent hotels, guest houses and other lodging facilities. In recent years hotel groups emerged and
     began to consolidate the market by converting independent hotels into hotel chains. As a multi-brand
     hotel group we believe that we compete primarily based on location, room rates, brand recognition,
     quality of accommodations, geographic coverage, service quality, range of services, guest amenities
     and convenience of the central reservation system. We primarily compete with other hotel chains as
     well as various independent hotels in each of the markets in which we operate, including Chinese hotel
     groups such as BTG Homeinns and Jinjiang, as well as international hotel groups such as Marriot,
     Intercontinental, Accor, Hilton and OYO. We also face competition from Airbnb and service apartments.


     INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
     We regard our trademarks, copyrights, domain names, trade secrets and other intellectual property
     rights as critical to our business. We rely on a combination of copyright and trademark law, trade secret
     protection and confidentiality agreements with our employees, lecturers, business partners and others,
     to protect our intellectual property rights.


     The trademarks and logos used in our current hotels are under protection of the registered trademarks
     and logos. As of December 31, 2021, we registered 1,111 trademarks and logos with the China Trademark
     Office. As of December 31, 2021, we filed 157 trademark applications pending for examination and
     review by the PRC trademark office. As of the same date, we also registered 1,004 trademarks and
     filed 250 trademark applications outside China. As of December 31, 2021, we received 22 patents;
     another 7 patents were applied and under review by relevant PRC authority. We also received copyright
     registration certificates for 140 software programs developed by us as of December 31, 2021. In addition,




22   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                           BUSINESS OVERVIEW


we registered 894 national and international top-level domain names, including www.huazhu.com,
as of December 31, 2021. Our intellectual property is subject to risks of theft and other unauthorized
use, and our ability to protect our intellectual property from unauthorized use is limited. In addition,
we may be subject to claims that we have infringed the intellectual property rights of others. See “Risk
Factors – Risks Related to Our Business – Failure to protect our tradenames and trademarks as well as
other intellectual property rights could have a negative impact on our brands and adversely affect our
business.”


INSURANCE
We believe that our hotels are covered by adequate property and liability insurance policies with
coverage features and insured limits that we believe are customary for similar companies in China. We
also require our franchisees to carry adequate property and liability insurance policies. We carry property
insurance that covers the assets that we own at our hotels. Although we require our franchisees to
purchase customary insurance policies, we cannot guarantee that they will adhere to such requirements.
If we were held liable for amounts and claims exceeding the limits of our insurance coverage or outside
the scope of our insurance coverage, our business, results of operations and financial condition may
be materially and adversely affected. See “Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our Business – Our limited
insurance coverage may expose us to losses, which may have a material adverse effect on our reputation,
business, financial condition and results of operations.”


LEGAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEEDINGS
In the ordinary course of our business, we, our directors, management and employees are subject to
legal or administrative proceedings. Although we cannot predict with certainty the ultimate resolution
of lawsuits, investigations and claims asserted against us, our directors, management and employees,
we do not believe that any currently pending legal or administrative proceeding to which we, our
directors, management and employees are a party will have a material adverse effect on our business
or reputation. See “Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our Business – We, our directors, management and
employees may be subject to certain risks related to legal proceedings filed by or against us, and adverse
results may harm our business.”


In October 2018, a proposed class action complaint was filed with the United States District Court in the
Central District of California against us and our management alleging violations of the U.S. securities
laws in relation to a possible data breach in August 2018. This case was voluntarily dismissed by the
plaintiffs on February 27, 2019.


As of December 31, 2021, we had several pending legal and administrative proceedings, including lease
contract terminations and disputes and management agreement disputes. As of the same date, our
accrued contingencies remained was RMB54 million (US$8 million).




                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   23
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW



     CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY: ENVIRONMENTAL
     IMPACT
     We are committed to reducing our environmental footprint through various energy saving initiatives.
     For example, most of our hotels use LED lights and are equipped with eco-friendly air source heat
     pump systems and solar energy systems. A majority of Legacy DH hotels are using green electricity.
     We also continued our Green Living Initiative, which encourages customers to choose low-carbon and
     environmental-friendly way of accommodation by reusing towels and bed sheets, etc. Moreover, we
     encourage customers to choose electronic invoices through our Easy Invoice System to save paper
     resource and reduce carbon footprint. For Legacy DH, customers can choose Green Conference Services
     to achieve climate-friendly meetings with CO2 compensation. In the future, we will further control
     greenhouse gas emissions and actively promote energy conservation measures.


     In addition, we keep improving our online energy consumption management system to timely and
     accurately track our hotels’ energy consumption, including electricity, water and gas consumption. This
     system helps us monitor the consumption level and cost per room night and detect abnormal energy
     usage patterns. By analyzing data collected by this system, we are able to come up with energy-saving
     solutions and improve the overall energy efficiency of our hotels. In order to improve product performance
     and reduce environmental impact, we have also been upgrading the disposable items used in our hotels
     (such as slippers, toothbrushes, combs and paper cups) to environmental friendly ones.


     Moreover, Huazhu, together with the World Travel and Tourism Council (WTTC) and some other hotel
     groups, are planning to launch an initiative to develop a global benchmark framework to accelerate the
     sustainable development process of hotel industry.


     COVID-19 OUTBREAK: RESPONSE AND IMPACT
     In December 2019, COVID-19 was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China and subsequently spread
     throughout China. The travel industry has been adversely affected by the outbreak of the COVID-19
     since the beginning of 2020 due to the reduced traveler traffic in China. In addition, after COVID-19
     was declared by the World Health Organization as a Public Health Emergency of International Concern
     on January 31, 2020, many foreign countries issued travel bans to China which further harmed the
     travel industry in China. The Chinese government has also implemented strict nationwide containment
     measures against COVID-19, including travel restrictions, lock-down of certain cities and hotel closures.
     Such containment measures negatively affected our hotels’ occupancy rate and revenue. For example, we
     had over 2,000 hotels temporarily closed at the peak in February 2020. Due to the Chinese government’s
     effective control of COVID-19, China’s domestic travel has gradually recovered, following eased travel
     restrictions and the national policy for resuming production and work. Although China has temporarily
     controlled the outbreak, our revPAR recovery was still significantly impacted by several COVID-19
     resurgences. For example, the recovery was seriously interrupted by the large-scale outbreak of Omicron
     variant in over 30 provinces since early March. Many cities were locked-down, such as Shanghai and
     Jilin, which resulted in a sharp decline in business and leisure travels. As a result, our occupancy rate
     (excluding hotels under requisition) dropped to around 59% in March 2022. However, the outbreak also




24   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                          BUSINESS OVERVIEW


led to a raising demand for quarantine and accommodation needs of medical team and delivery riders.
As of March 31, 2022, we had 1,299 hotels of legacy Huazhu under governmental requisition. For more
information, please see “Risk Factors – Risk Related to Our Business – The COVID-19 outbreak has
adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, our financial and operating performance.” and
“Management Discussion and Analysis – Liquidity and Capital Resources.”


Since the COVID-19 outbreak, we have taken various preventative measures, such as intelligent
non-contact services, across our hotels to help protect our employees and customers. In addition to the
timely delivery of hotel supplies arranged by our centralized procurement team, we have also offered
temporary franchise fee reductions and have helped our franchisees to obtain lower-interest bank loans
to meet their short-term working capital needs. We are working diligently to keep all of our hotels in
operation.


As COVID-19 spreads globally, the hotel operations of Deutsche Hospitality in Europe have also been
adversely affected since early March 2020. Local governments in Europe imposed travel restrictions
and lockdowns to contain the spread of COVID-19, and as a result, a number of our Deutsche Hospitality
hotels were temporarily closed in 2020. The German government announced certain relief measures,
including government subsidy and salary compensation for our furloughed employees. These government
assistance measures help lessen the negative effects from substantially reduced occupancy and hotel
closures. Thanks to the progress of vaccination campaigns and easing of social restrictions, Europe
showed continuous business recovery trend. However, due to the third and fourth waves of the COVID-19
pandemic in European countries, the operations of Deutsche Hospitality in the fourth quarter of 2021
were impacted by tightened governmental control measures and testing requirements, which, as a
result, disrupted the recovery trend. As of December 31, 2021, all hotels of Deutsche Hospitality that
were temporarily closed due to COVID-19 had resumed operation. Deutsche Hospitality is undergoing
a continuous RevPAR recovery since Germany unfolded its opening-up plan in mid-February 2022. The
RevPAR in March 2022 recovered to 65% of 2019 level, improved from only 47% in January 2022.


We have taken various cost and cash flow mitigation measures to counter the negative impact of
COVID-19 on our results of operations, such as (i) discussing with our leased hotel landlords for rent
reduction and deferment, (ii) reducing or eliminating discretionary spending, including marketing,
non-essential training, and capital expenditures, and (iii) freezing new recruitments, streamlining our
staff, and placing a number of our hotel teams on temporary furlough and/or reducing their workdays to
adjust for the lower hotel occupancy rate. The Chinese government also announced a number of relief
measures for Chinese companies, including encouraged rental waivers, reduction and delayed payment
of social insurance and taxes and continued support from financial institutions. In particular, lessors
for legacy Huazhu’s leased hotels in China have agreed to reduce and delayed our rental payment. In
addition, Deutsche Hospitality have secured commercial insurance compensation for hotel closure. We
also actively sought new business opportunities in the government’s fight against COVID-19, such as
offering hotel beds to support government for pandemic prevention and control. These measures have
partially offset the adverse impact of COVID-19 on our operations.


The closure of our hotels and lower occupancy rate during this period may amount to an event of default
under our banking arrangements. We have managed to obtain the required waiver since the outbreak of
COVID-19 in 2020. Since the outbreak, we have also received further support from some of our banks in
the form of additional banking facilities and lower interest rates.


                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   25
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW



     REGULATION
     The hotel industry in China is subject to a number of laws and regulations, including laws and regulations
     relating specifically to hotel operation and management and commercial franchising, as well as
     those relating to environmental and consumer protection. The principal regulations governing foreign
     ownership of hotel businesses in the PRC are the Special Administrative Measures (Negative List) for the
     Access of Foreign Investment (Edition 2021) issued on December 27, 2021, which became effective on
     January 1, 2022, and the Industry Guidelines on Encouraged Foreign Investment (Edition 2020) issued
     on December 27, 2020, which became effective as of January 27, 2021, both of which were promulgated
     by the PRC Ministry of Commerce, or the MOC, and the National Development and Reform Commission,
     or the NDRC, as well as other negative lists (generally with fewer limitations) applicable to the free
     trade zones. Pursuant to these regulations, there are no restrictions on foreign investment in limited
     service hotel businesses in China aside from business licenses and other permits that every hotel must
     obtain. Similar with other industries in China, regulations governing the hotel industry in China are
     still developing and evolving. As a result, most legislative actions consist of general measures such as
     industry standards, rules or circulars issued by different ministries rather than detailed legislations. This
     section summarizes the principal PRC regulations currently relevant to our business and operations.


     REGULATIONS ON HOTEL OPERATION
     The Ministry of Public Security issued the Measures for the Control of Security in the Hotel Industry in
     November 1987 and amended it in 2011 and 2020, respectively, and the State Council promulgated the
     Decision of the State Council on Establishing Administrative License for Necessarily Retained Items
     Requiring Administrative Examination and Approval in June 2004 and amended it in January 2009 and
     August 2016, respectively. Under these two regulations, anyone who applies to operate a hotel is subject
     to examination and approval by the local public security authority and must obtain a special industry
     license. The Measures for the Control of Security in the Hotel Industry impose certain security control
     obligations on the operators. For example, the hotel must examine the identification card of any guest
     to whom accommodation is provided and make an accurate registration. The hotel must also report to
     the local public security authority if it discovers anyone violating the law or behaving suspiciously or an
     offender wanted by the public security authority. Pursuant to the Measures for the Control of Security
     in the Hotel Industry , hotels failing to obtain the special industry license may be subject to warnings or
     fines of up to RMB200. In addition, pursuant to the Law of the PRC on Penalties for the Violation of Public
     Security Administration promulgated in August, 2005 and amended in October 2012, and various local
     regulations, hotels failing to obtain the special industry license may be subject to warnings, orders to
     suspend or cease continuing business operations, confiscations of illegal gains or fines. Operators of
     hotel businesses who have obtained the special industry license but violate applicable administrative
     regulations may also be subject to revocation of such licenses in serious circumstances.




26   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                              BUSINESS OVERVIEW


The State Council promulgated the Administrative Regulations on Sanitation of Public Places in April
1987 and amended it in February 2016 and in April 2019, according to which, a hotel must obtain a public
area hygiene license before opening for business. Pursuant to this regulation, hotels failing to obtain
a public area hygiene license may be subject to the following administrative penalties depending on
the seriousness of their respective activities: (i) warnings; (ii) fines; or (iii) orders to suspend or cease
continuing business operations. In March 2011, the Ministry of Health promulgated the Implementation
Rules of the Administrative Regulations on Sanitation of Public Places , which was amended in January
2016 and December 2017, according to which, starting from May 1, 2011, hotel operators shall establish
sanitation management system and keep records of sanitation management. The Standing Committee of
the National People’s Congress, or the SCNPC enacted the Food Safety Law of the PRC in February 2009,
which was most recently amended in April 2021, according to which any hotel that provides food must
obtain a license. The State Administration for Market Regulation, or the SAMR, (previously known as
“China Food and Drug Administration”) enacted the Administrative Measures on Administration of Food
Business Licensing in August 2015 and amended it in November 2017, according to which any entity
involving sales of food or food services must obtain a food business license, and any food service license
which had been obtained prior to October 1, 2015 will be replaced upon expiry by the food business
license. Pursuant to the Food Safety Law of the PRC, hotels failing to obtain the food business license
(or formerly the food service license) may be subject to: (i) confiscation of illegal gains, food illegally
produced for sale, and tools, facilities and raw materials used for illegal production; or (ii) fines between
RMB50,000 and RMB100,000 if the value of food illegally produced is less than RMB10,000, or fines
equal to 10 to 20 times of the value of food if such value is equal to or more than RMB10,000.


The Fire Prevention Law of the PRC , promulgated in April 1998 and amended in October 2008, April
2019 and April 2021 by the SCNPC, and the Provisions on Supervision and Inspection on Fire Prevention
and Control , promulgated on April 30, 2009 and effective as of May 1, 2009 and amended on July 17,
2012 by the Ministry of Public Security, together with the Interim Provisions on the Administration of
Fire Protection Design Review and Final Inspection of Construction Projects , promulgated on April 1,
2020 and effective as of June 1, 2020, require that (i) the fire prevention design documents of special
construction projects, such as hotels with overall floor area of more than 10,000 square meters, shall be
reviewed and inspected by local housing and urban-rural construction authorities before construction;
(ii) the construction of specific construction projects, such as hotels with overall floor area of more
than 10,000 square meters be inspected and accepted by local housing and urban-rural construction
authorities from a fire prevention perspective before completion; and (iii) the public gathering
places, such as hotels, shall complete fire prevention safety inspection with the local fire and rescue
department, which is a prerequisite for business opening. Pursuant to these regulations, related hotels
failing to obtain approval of fire prevention inspection and acceptance or failing fire prevention safety
inspections (including acceptance check and safety check on fire prevention) may be subject to: (i) orders
to suspend the construction of projects, use or operation of business; and (ii) fines between RMB30,000
and RMB300,000.


In January 2006, the State Council promulgated the Regulations for Administration of Entertainment
Places , which was amended in February 2016 and November 2020. The Ministry of Culture issued the
Administrative Measures for Entertainment Places in February 2013 and amended it in December 2017.
Under these regulations, hotels that provide entertainment facilities, such as discos or ballrooms, are
required to obtain a license for entertainment business operations.




                                                                         Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   27
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW


     On October 18, 2010, the General Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection and Quarantine and
     Standardization Administration approved and issued Classification and Accreditation for Star-rated
     Tourist Hotels (GB/T14308-2010), which became effective on January 1, 2011. On November 19, 2010,
     the National Tourist Administration promulgated the Implementation Measures of Classification and
     Accreditation for Star-rated Tourist Hotels , which became effective on January 1, 2011. Under these
     regulations, all hotels with operations of over one year are eligible to apply for a star rating assessment.
     There are five ratings from one star to five stars for tourist hotels, assessed based on the level of
     facilities, management standards and quality of service. A star rating, once granted, is valid for three
     years.


     On September 21, 2012, the Ministry of Commerce promulgated the Provisional Administrative Measures
     for Single-purpose Commercial Prepaid Cards , which was amended on August 18, 2016. Pursuant to this
     regulation, if an enterprise engaged in retail, accommodation and catering, or residential services issues
     any single-purpose commercial prepaid card to its customers, it shall undergo a record-filing procedure.
     For a hotel primarily engaged in the business of accommodation, the aggregate balance of the advance
     payment under the single-purpose commercial prepaid cards it issued shall not exceed 40% of its
     income from its primary business in the previous financial year.


     On April 25, 2013, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress issued the Tourism Law
     of the PRC , which became effective on October 1, 2013 and was most recently amended on October
     26, 2018. According to this law, the accommodation operators shall fulfill their obligations under the
     agreements with customers. If the accommodation operators subcontract part of their services to any
     third party or involve any third party to provide services to customers, the accommodation operators shall
     assume the joint and several liabilities with the third parties for any damage caused to the customers.


     REGULATIONS ON LEASING
     Under the Law of the PRC on Administration of Urban Real Estate promulgated by the SCNPC, which took
     effect as of January 1995 and was amended in August 2007, August 2009 and August 2019, respectively,
     and the Administrative Measures on Leasing of Commodity House promulgated by the Ministry of
     Housing and Urban-rural Construction, which took effect as of February 1, 2011, when leasing premises,
     the lessor and lessee are required to enter into a written lease contract, prescribing such provisions as
     the leasing term, use of the premises, rental and repair liabilities, and other rights and obligations of
     both parties. Both lessor and lessee are also required to go through registration procedures to record
     the lease with the real estate administration department. Pursuant to these laws and regulations and
     various local regulations, if the lessor and lessee fail to go through the registration procedures, both
     lessor and lessee may be subject to fines, and the leasing interest will be subordinated to an interested
     third party acting in good faith.


     In May 2020, the National People’s Congress, the China legislature, passed the Civil Code of the PRC , or
     the Civil Code , which took effect on January 1, 2021. According to Chapter 14, Book 3 of the Civil Code ,
     which governs lease agreements, subject to consent of the lessor, the lessee may sublease the leased
     item to a third party. Where the lessee subleases the lease item, the leasing contract between the lessee
     and the lessor remains valid. The lessor is entitled to terminate the contract if the lessee subleases the
     lease item without the consent of the lessor.




28   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                          BUSINESS OVERVIEW


Pursuant to Chapter 17, Book 2 of the Civil Code , which where a mortgagor leases the mortgaged property
and the possession thereof has been transferred before the creation of mortgage interest, the previously
established leasing relation shall not be affected; and where a mortgagor leases the mortgaged property
after the creation of the mortgage interest, the leasing interest will be subordinated to the registered
mortgage interest.


REGULATIONS ON CONSUMER PROTECTION
In October 1993, the SCNPC promulgated the Law of the PRC on the Protection of the Rights and
Interests of Consumers , or the Consumer Protection Law , which became effective on January 1, 1994
and was amended in October 2013. Under the Consumer Protection Law, a business operator providing a
commodity or service to a consumer is subject to a number of requirements, including the following:


•     to ensure that commodities and services meet with certain safety requirements;


•     to protect the safety of consumers;


•     to disclose serious defects of a commodity or a service and to adopt preventive measures against
      damage occurrence;


•     to provide consumers with accurate information and to refrain from conducting false advertising;


•     to obtain consents of consumers and to disclose the rules for the collection and/or use of
      information when collecting data or information from consumers; to take technical measures
      and other necessary measures to protect the personal information collected from consumers;
      not to divulge, sell, or illegally provide consumers’ information to others; not to send commercial
      information to consumers without the consent or request of consumers or with a clear refusal
      from consumers;


•     not to set unreasonable or unfair terms for consumers or alleviate or release itself from civil
      liability for harming the legal rights and interests of consumers by means of standard contracts,
      circulars, announcements, shop notices or other means;


•     to remind consumers in a conspicuous manner to pay attention to the quality, quantity and prices
      or fees of commodities or services, duration and manner of performance, safety precautions
      and risk warnings, after-sales service, civil liability and other terms and conditions vital to the
      interests of consumers under a standard form of agreement prepared by the business operators,
      and to provide explanations as required by consumers; and


•     not to insult or slander consumers or to search the person of, or articles carried by, a consumer or
      to infringe upon the personal freedom of a consumer.




                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   29
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW


     Business operators may be subject to civil liabilities for failing to fulfill the obligations listed above.
     These liabilities include restoring the consumer’s reputation, eliminating the adverse effects suffered by
     the consumer, and offering an apology and compensation for any losses incurred. The following penalties
     may also be imposed upon business operators for the infraction of these obligations: issuance of a
     warning, confiscation of any illegal income, imposition of a fine, an order to cease business operation,
     revocation of its business license or imposition of criminal liabilities under circumstances that are
     specified in laws and statutory regulations. Art. 1198 of the Civil Code further increases the liabilities
     of business operators engaged in the operation of hotels, restaurants, or entertainment facilities and
     subjects such operators to tort liabilities for failing to guarantee the personal safety of others.


     REGULATIONS ON ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION
     In February 2012, the SCNPC issued the newly amended Law of the PRC on Promoting Clean Production ,
     which regulates service enterprises such as restaurants, entertainment establishments and hotels
     and requires them to use technologies and equipment that conserve energy and water, serve other
     environmental protection purposes, and reduce or stop the use of consumer goods that waste resources
     or pollute the environment.


     According to the Environmental Protection Law of the PRC promulgated by the SCNPC on December
     26, 1989 and last amended on April 24, 2014, the Environmental Impact Assessment Law of the
     PRC promulgated by the SCNPC on October 28, 2002 and last amended on December 29, 2018, the
     Administrative Regulations on Environmental Protection for Construction Projects promulgated by the
     State Council on November 29, 1998 and amended on July 16, 2017, the Interim Measures on Acceptance
     of Environmental Protection for Completion of Construction Projects promulgated by the Ministry of
     Environmental Protection (renamed as the Ministry of Ecology and Environment) on November 20, 2017
     and effective as of the same date and the Category-Based Management Directory on the Environmental
     Impact Assessment for Construction Projects (Edition 2021) issued by the Ministry of Ecology and
     Environment, hotels which involve Environment Sensitive Areas should submit a Form on Environmental
     Impact Assessment to competent environmental protection authorities for approvals, and shall prepare
     and make public an Acceptance Inspection Report of the Environmental Protection Facilities before
     commencing the operation. Such Environment Sensitive Areas are defined by the Category-Based
     Management Directory on the Environmental Impact Assessment for Construction Projects (Edition
     2021) , which was issued by the Ministry of Ecology and Environment. Pursuant to the Environmental
     Impact Assessment Law , any hotel failing to obtain the approval of the Form of Environmental Impact
     Assessment may be ordered to cease construction and restore the property to its original state, and
     according to the violation activities committed and the harmful consequences thereof, be subject to
     fines of no less than 1% but no more than 5% of the total investment amount for the construction project
     of such hotel. The person directly responsible for the project may be subject to certain administrative
     penalties. Pursuant to the Administrative Regulations on Environmental Protection for Construction
     Projects , where the construction project is put into production or use when the environmental protection
     facilities have not undergone acceptance inspection or do not pass acceptance inspection, the
     responsible hotels may be ordered to make correction within a stipulated period and subject to a fine
     ranging from RMB200,000 to RMB1 million; where correction is not made within the stipulated period,
     a fine ranging from RMB1 million to RMB2 million will be imposed. The directly responsible person may
     be subject to a fine ranging from RMB50,000 to RMB200,000. If the construction project causes any




30   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                          BUSINESS OVERVIEW


significant environmental pollution or ecological damage, the production or use should be suspended,
or the project should be closed down upon approval by the relevant local government. Furthermore,
any hotel failing to public the Acceptance Inspection Report may be ordered to publicize the Report,
and may be subject to a fine ranging from RMB50,000 to RMB200,000. The relevant breach may also be
announced by local environmental protection authorities.


REGULATIONS ON COMMERCIAL FRANCHISING
Franchise operations are subject to the supervision and administration of the MOC, and its regional
counterparts. Such activities are currently regulated by the Administrative Regulations on Commercial
Franchising , which was promulgated by the State Council on February 6, 2007 and became effective
on May 1, 2007. The Administrative Regulations on Commercial Franchising were subsequently
supplemented by the Administrative Measures on Filing of Commercial Franchises , which was newly
amended and promulgated by the MOC on December 12, 2011 and became effective on February 1, 2012,
and the newly amended Administrative Measures on Information Disclosure of Commercial Franchises ,
which was promulgated by the MOC on February 23, 2012 and became effective on April 1, 2012.


Under the above applicable regulations, a franchisor must have certain prerequisites including a
mature business model, the capability to provide long-term business guidance and training services to
franchisees and ownership of at least two self-operated storefronts that have been in operation for at
least one year. Franchisors engaged in franchising activities without satisfying the above requirements
may be subject to penalties such as forfeit of illegal income and imposition of fines between RMB100,000
and RMB500,000 and may be bulletined by the MOC or its local counterparts. Franchise contracts shall
include certain required provisions, such as terms, termination rights and payments.


Franchisors are generally required to file franchise contracts with the MOC or its local counterparts.
Failure to report franchising activities may result in penalties such as fines up to RMB100,000. Such
noncompliance may also be bulletined. In the first quarter of every year, franchisors are required to
report to the MOC or its local counterparts any franchise contracts they executed, canceled, renewed or
amended in the previous year.


The term of a franchise contract shall be no less than three years unless otherwise agreed by
franchisees. The franchisee is entitled to terminate the franchise contract in his sole discretion within a
set period of time upon signing of the franchise contract.


Pursuant to the Administrative Measures on Information Disclosure of Commercial Franchises , 30 days
prior to the execution of franchise contracts, franchisors are required to provide franchisees with copies
of the franchise contracts, as well as written true and accurate basic information on matters including:


•      the name, domiciles, legal representative, registered capital, scope of business and basic
       information relating to its commercial franchising;


•      basic information relating to the registered trademark, logo, patent, know-how and business
       model;




                                                                     Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   31
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW


     •      the type, amount and method of payment of franchise fees (including payment of deposit and the
            conditions and method of refund of deposit);


     •      the price and conditions for the franchisor to provide goods, service and equipment to the
            franchisee;


     •      the detailed plan, provision and implementation plan of consistent services including operational
            guidance, technical support and business training provided to the franchisee;


     •      detailed measures for guiding and supervising the operation of the franchisor;


     •      investment budget for all franchised hotels of the franchisee;


     •      the current numbers, territory and operation evaluation of the franchisees within China;


     •      a summary of accounting statements audited by an accounting firm and a summary of audit
            reports for the previous two years;


     •      information on any lawsuit in which the franchisor has been involved in the previous five years;


     •      basic information regarding whether the franchisor and its legal representative have any record of
            material violation; and


     •      other information required to be disclosed by the MOC.


     In the event of failure to disclose or misrepresentation, the franchisee may terminate the franchise
     contract and the franchisor may be fined up to RMB100,000. In addition, such noncompliance may be
     bulletined.


     According to the Manual of Guidance on Administration for Foreign Investment Access (Edition 2008)
     promulgated by the MOC in December 2008, if an existing foreign-invested company wishes to operate
     a franchise in China, it must apply to the MOC or its local counterparts to expand its business scope to
     include “engaging in commercial activities by way of franchise.”


     REGULATIONS ON TRADEMARKS
     Both the Trademark Law of the PRC adopted by the SCNPC on August 23, 1982 and revised on August 30,
     2013 and April 23, 2019, and the Implementation Regulation of the Trademark Law of the PRC adopted
     by the State Council on August 3, 2002 and revised on April 29, 2014 give protection to the holders of
     registered trademarks and trade names. The National Intellectual Property Administration (Trademark
     Office) handles trademark registrations. Trademarks can be registered for a term of ten years and can be
     extended for another ten years if requested upon expiration of any ten-year term. Trademark licensing
     agreements should be submitted to the Trademark Office for record. Without the filing, the trademark
     licensing should not be used against a bona fide third party.




32   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                          BUSINESS OVERVIEW



REGULATIONS ON FOREIGN CURRENCY EXCHANGE
The principal regulations governing foreign currency exchange in China are the Foreign Exchange Control
Regulations of the PRC promulgated by the State Council, as amended on August 5, 2008, or the Foreign
Exchange Regulations. Under the Foreign Exchange Regulations, the RMB is freely convertible for current
account items, including the distribution of dividends, interest payments, trade and service-related
foreign exchange transactions, but not for capital account items, such as direct investments, loans,
repatriation of investments and investments in securities outside of China, unless the prior approval of
the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or the SAFE, is obtained and prior registration with the
SAFE is made.


The Circular on Reforming the Management Method regarding the Settlement of Foreign Exchange
Capital of Foreign-invested Enterprises (“Circular 19”), promulgated by the SAFE on March 30, 2015 and
last amended on December 30, 2019, allows foreign-invested enterprises to make equity investments
by using RMB funds converted from foreign exchange capital. Under Circular 19, the foreign exchange
capital in the capital account of foreign-invested enterprises upon the confirmation of rights and
interests of monetary contribution by the local foreign exchange bureau (or the book-entry registration
of monetary contribution by the banks) can be settled at the banks based on the actual operation needs
of the enterprises. The proportion of willingness-based foreign exchange settlement of capital for
foreign-invested enterprises is temporarily set at 100%. The SAFE can adjust such proportion in due
time based on the circumstances of the international balance of payments. However, Circular 19 and the
Circular on Reforming and Regulating the Management Policies on the Settlement of Capital Projects ,
promulgated by the SAFE on and effective as of June 9, 2016, continues to prohibit foreign-invested
enterprises from, among other things, using RMB fund converted from its foreign exchange capitals for
expenditure beyond its business scope, investment and financing in securities and other investments
except for bank’s principal-secured products, providing loans to non-affiliated enterprises or
constructing or purchasing real estate not for self-use.


On October 23, 2019, the SAFE promulgated the Circular on Further Promoting the Facilitation of
Cross-border Trade and Investment (“Circular 28”). Pursuant to Circular 28, on the basis of allowing
investment-oriented foreign-invested enterprise (including foreign-invested investment companies,
foreign-invested venture capital enterprises and foreign-invested equity investment enterprises) to use
capital funds for domestic equity investment in accordance with laws and regulations, non-investment
foreign-invested enterprises shall be allowed to use capital funds for domestic equity investment in
accordance with the laws under the premise of not violating the Negative List and the authenticity and
compliance of their domestic invested projects.


According to the Circular on Optimizing Administration of Foreign Exchange to Support the Development
of Foreign-related Business issued by the SAFE on April 10, 2020, eligible enterprises are allowed to
make domestic payments by using their capital funds, foreign credits and the income under capital
accounts of overseas listing, with no need to provide the evidentiary materials concerning authenticity
of such capital for banks in advance, provided that their capital use shall be authentic and in line
with provisions, and conform to the prevailing administrative regulations on the use of income under
capital accounts. The concerned bank shall conduct spot checking in accordance with the relevant
requirements.




                                                                     Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   33
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW


     On December 25, 2006, the People’s Bank of China issued the Administration Measures on Individual
     Foreign Exchange Control and its Implementation Rules were issued by the SAFE on January 5, 2007,
     both of which became effective on February 1, 2007. The Implementation Rules was later amended on
     May 29, 2016. Under these regulations, all foreign exchange matters involved in the employee stock
     ownership plan, stock option plan and other similar plans, participated by onshore individuals shall
     be transacted upon approval from the SAFE or its authorized branch. On February 25, 2012, the SAFE
     promulgated the Notice on Relevant Issues Concerning Foreign Exchange Control on Domestic Individuals
     Participating in the Stock Incentive Plan of An Overseas Listed Company, or Circular 7, to replace the
     Operating Procedures for Administration of Domestic Individuals Participating in the Employee Stock
     Option Plan or Stock Option Plan of An Overseas Listed Company . Under Circular 7, the board members,
     supervisors, officers or other employees, including PRC citizens and foreigners having lived within the
     territory of the PRC successively for at least one year of a PRC entity, who participate in stock incentive
     plans or equity compensation plans by an overseas publicly listed company, or the PRC participants, are
     required, through a PRC agent or PRC subsidiaries of such overseas publicly-listed company, to complete
     certain foreign exchange registration procedures with respect to the plans upon the examination by, and
     approval of, the SAFE. We and our PRC participants who have been granted stock options are subject to
     Circular 7. If our PRC participants who hold such options or our PRC subsidiary fail to comply with these
     regulations, such participants and their PRC employer may be subject to fines and legal sanctions.


     REGULATIONS ON FOREIGN INVESTMENT
     The SCNPC enacted the Foreign Investment Law of the PRC on March 15, 2019 and the State Council
     promulgated the Implementation Regulations of Foreign Investment Law of the PRC on December 26,
     2019, both of which came into force on January 1, 2020. On December 30, 2019, the MOC and the SAMR
     jointly promulgated the Measures on Reporting of Foreign Investment Information , which also became
     effective on January 1, 2020. Under these laws and regulations, foreign investors or foreign-invested
     enterprises shall report and update investment information to the competent authorities for commerce
     through the Enterprise Registration System and the Enterprise Credit Information Publicity System. Any
     foreign investor or foreign-invested company found to be non-compliant with these reporting obligations
     may potentially be subject to fines and legal sanctions.


     The Foreign Investment Law of the PRC , together with its Implementation Regulations replaced, in their
     entirety, the trio of previous laws regulating foreign investment in China, namely, the Sino-foreign Equity
     Joint Venture Enterprise Law, the Sino-foreign Cooperative Joint Venture Enterprise Law and the Wholly
     Foreign-invested Enterprise Law , together with their implementation rules and ancillary regulations.
     Generally speaking, the Company Law of the PRC or the Partnership Law of the PRC (promulgated by
     the SCNPC in February 1997 and amended in August 2006) shall apply with respect to the organization
     of foreign-invested enterprises. The Foreign Investment Law of the PRC provides that foreign invested
     enterprises established according to the previous laws regulating foreign investment may maintain their
     current structure and corporate governance during the five-year transition period. This implies that we
     may be required to adjust the structure and corporate governance of certain of our PRC subsidiaries
     in the transition period. Failure to take timely and appropriate measures to cope with any of these or
     similar regulatory compliance requirements may lead to regulatory incompliance and hence materially
     and adversely affect our current corporate structure, corporate governance and business operations.




34   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                          BUSINESS OVERVIEW



REGULATIONS ON SHARE CAPITAL
In October 2005, the SCNPC issued the amended Company Law of the PRC , which became effective on
January 1, 2006 and was amended in October 2018. On June 17, 2014, the MOC issued the Notice of the
Ministry of Commerce on Improving the Administration of Foreign Investment Review . Pursuant to the
above regulations, shareholders of a foreign-invested company are obligated to make full and timely
contribution to the registered capital of the foreign-invested company in accordance with the company’s
articles of association pursuant to which the restrictions or requirements on the percentage of initial
capital contribution, the percentage of cash contribution and the period of contribution imposed on
foreign-invested companies (including companies invested by investors from Taiwan, Hong Kong and
Macao regions) are abolished. A company which proposes to reduce its registered capital shall prepare
a balance sheet and a list of assets. The company shall notify its creditors within ten days from the
date of resolution on reduction of registered capital and publish an announcement in the newspapers
within 30 days. The creditors may, within 30 days from receipt of the notice or within 45 days from the
announcement date, require the company to settle the debts or provide a corresponding guarantee.
Shareholders of certain of our PRC subsidiaries have mandatory preemptive rights.


REGULATIONS ON DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION
The principal regulations governing distribution of dividends of foreign-invested enterprises include the
Company Law of the PRC (the “Company Law”).


Under the Company Law, companies shall contribute 10% of the profits into their statutory surplus
reserve upon distribution of their post-tax profits of the current year. A company may discontinue the
contribution when the aggregate sum of the statutory surplus reserve is more than 50% of its registered
capital.


REGULATIONS ON OFFSHORE FINANCING
On October 21, 2005, the SAFE issued Notice on Relevant Issues Concerning Foreign Exchange Control
on Domestic Residents’ Corporate Financing and Roundtrip Investment Through Offshore Special
Purpose Vehicles , or Circular 75, which became effective as of November 1, 2005. Under Circular 75, if
PRC residents use assets or equity interests in their PRC entities as capital contributions to establish
offshore companies or inject assets or equity interests of their PRC entities into offshore companies
to raise capital overseas, they are required to register with local SAFE branches with respect to their
overseas investments in offshore companies. PRC residents are also required to file amendments to their
registrations if their offshore companies experience material events involving capital variation, such as
changes in share capital, share transfers, mergers and acquisitions, spin-off transactions, long-term
equity or debt investments or uses of assets in China to guarantee offshore obligations. Moreover,
Circular 75 applies retroactively. As a result, PRC residents who have established or acquired control
of offshore companies that have made onshore investments in the PRC in the past were required to
complete the relevant registration procedures with the local SAFE branch by March 31, 2006. Under the
relevant rules, failure to comply with the registration procedures set forth in Circular 75 may result in
restrictions being imposed on the foreign exchange activities of the relevant onshore company, including
the increase of its registered capital, the payment of dividends and other distributions to its offshore
parent or affiliate and the capital inflow from the offshore entity, and may also subject relevant PRC




                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   35
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW


     residents to penalties under PRC foreign exchange administration regulations. PRC residents who control
     our company are required to register periodically with the SAFE in connection with their investments in
     us.


     The SAFE issued a series of guidelines to its local branches with respect to the operational process
     for SAFE registration, including the Notice of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Further
     Improving and Adjusting Foreign Exchange Administration Policies for Direct Investment , or Circular 59,
     which came into effect as of December 17, 2012. The guidelines standardized more specific and stringent
     supervision on the registration required by Circular 75. For example, the guidelines impose obligations
     on onshore subsidiaries of an offshore entity to make true and accurate statements to the local SAFE
     authorities in case any shareholder or beneficial owner of the offshore entity is a PRC citizen or resident.
     Untrue statements by the onshore subsidiaries will lead to potential liability for the subsidiaries, and in
     some instances, for their legal representatives and other individuals.


     On July 4, 2014, the SAFE issued the Circular of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on
     Relevant Issues concerning Foreign Exchange Administration of the Overseas Investment and Financing
     and Round-trip Investments by Domestic Residents through Special Purpose Vehicles , or Circular 37,
     which became effective and suspended Circular 75 on the same date, and Circular 37 shall prevail over
     any other inconsistency between itself and relevant regulations promulgated previously. Pursuant to
     Circular 37, any PRC residents, including both PRC institutions and individual residents, are required
     to register with the local branch of the SAFE before making a contribution to an enterprise directly
     established or indirectly controlled by the PRC residents outside of the PRC for the purpose of overseas
     investment or financing with their legally owned domestic or offshore assets or equity interests, referred
     to in this circular as a “special purpose vehicle”. Under Circular 37, the term “PRC institutions” refers to
     entities with legal person status or other economic organizations established within the territory of the
     PRC. The term “PRC individual residents” includes all PRC citizens (also including PRC citizens abroad)
     and foreigners who habitually reside in the PRC for economic benefit. A registered special purpose
     vehicle is required to amend its SAFE registration or file with respect to such vehicle in connection with
     any change of basic information including PRC individual resident shareholder, name, term of operation,
     or PRC individual resident’s increase or decrease of capital, transfer or exchange of shares, merger,
     division or other material changes. In addition, if a non-listed special purpose vehicle grants any equity
     incentives to directors, supervisors or employees of domestic companies under its direct or indirect
     control, the relevant PRC individual residents could register with the local branch of the SAFE before
     exercising such options. The SAFE simultaneously issued guidance to its local branches with respect
     to the implementation of Circular 37. Under Circular 37, failure to comply with the foreign exchange
     registration procedures may result in restrictions being imposed on the foreign exchange activities of the
     relevant onshore company, including restrictions on the payment of dividends and other distributions
     to its offshore parent company and the capital inflow from the offshore entity, and may also subject the
     relevant PRC residents and onshore company to penalties under the PRC foreign exchange administration
     regulations. See “Risk Factors–Risks Related to Doing Business in China–PRC regulations relating to the
     establishment of offshore special purpose companies by PRC residents may subject our PRC resident
     shareholders to personal liability and limit our ability to inject capital into our PRC subsidiaries, limit our
     PRC subsidiaries’ ability to distribute profits to us, or otherwise adversely affect us.”




36   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                         BUSINESS OVERVIEW


On September 14, 2015, the National Development and Reform Commission issued the Circular of
the National Development and Reform Commission on Promoting the Administrative Reform of the
Record-filing and Registration System for the Issuance of Foreign Debts by Enterprises to remove the
quota review and approval system for the issuance of foreign debts (including bonds and loans for
more than 1 year) by enterprises, reform and innovate the ways that foreign debts are managed, and
implement the administration of record-filing and the registration system.


REGULATIONS ON MERGER AND ACQUISITION AND OVERSEAS LISTING
On August 8, 2006, six PRC regulatory agencies, namely the MOC, the State Assets Supervision and
Administration Commission, the State Administration of Taxation, the SAIC, the China Securities
Regulatory Commission, or the CSRC, and the SAFE, jointly adopted the Regulations on Mergers
and Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors , or the New M&A Rule, which became
effective on September 8, 2006. This New M&A Rule, as amended on June 22, 2009, purports, among
other things, to require offshore special purpose vehicles, or SPVs, formed for overseas listing purposes
through acquisitions of PRC domestic companies and controlled by PRC companies or individuals, to
obtain the approval of the CSRC prior to publicly listing their securities on an overseas stock exchange.
On September 21, 2006, the CSRC published a notice on its official website specifying documents and
materials required to be submitted to it by SPVs seeking the CSRC approval of their overseas listings.


While the application of this new regulation remains unclear, we believe, based on the advice of our PRC
counsel, that the CSRC approval is not required in the context of our Listing because we established
our PRC subsidiaries by means of direct investment other than by merger or acquisition of domestic
companies, and we started to operate our business in the PRC through foreign invested enterprises
before September 8, 2006, the effective date of the New M&A Rule. However, we cannot assure you
that the relevant PRC government agency, including the CSRC, would reach the same conclusion as our
PRC counsel. If the CSRC or other PRC regulatory body subsequently determines that CSRC’s approval
was required for our Listing, we may face sanctions by the CSRC or other PRC regulatory agencies,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations,
reputation and prospects, as well as the trading prices of our ADSs and/or ordinary shares.


The New M&A Rule also established additional procedures and requirements that could make merger
and acquisition activities by foreign investors more time-consuming and complex, including requirements
in some instances that the MOC be notified in advance of any change of control transaction in which a
foreign investor takes control of a PRC domestic enterprise.


On July 30, 2017, for the purpose of promoting the reform of the foreign investment administrative
system and simplifying the administrative procedures, the MOC amended the Interim Measures for
the Record-filing Administration of the Incorporation and Change of Foreign-invested Enterprises
which was promulgated in October 2016 and further amended in June 2018. According to the amended
interim measures, a record-filing administration system shall apply to foreign investors’ mergers and
acquisitions of domestic non-foreign-invested enterprises and strategic investments in listed companies,
provided that they do not involve the implementation of special access administrative measures
prescribed by the PRC government or involve the mergers and acquisitions of affiliates.




                                                                     Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   37
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW


     On December 30, 2019, for the purpose of further promoting the foreign investment administration
     and simplifying the administrative procedures, the MOC and the SAMR promulgated the Measures
     on Reporting of Foreign Investment Information , which became effective on January 1, 2020 and
     suspended the Interim Measures for the Record-filing Administration of the Incorporation and Change of
     Foreign-invested Enterprises on the same date. Under this regulation, an information reporting system
     shall apply to foreign investors’ mergers and acquisitions of domestic non-foreign-invested enterprises
     and strategic investments in listed companies, provided that they comply with the implementation
     of special access administrative measures prescribed by the PRC government and do not involve the
     mergers and acquisitions of affiliates. Specifically, under the information reporting system, where
     a new foreign-invested enterprise is incorporated or a non-foreign invested enterprise changes to a
     foreign-invested enterprise through acquisition, merger or other means, such incorporation or change
     no longer requires approval or record-filing of MOC, but shall be reported online to the commerce
     administrative authorities through the Enterprise Registration System and the National Enterprise Credit
     Information Publicity System, together with the registration with the relevant department of the SAMR
     through the same systems.


     REGULATION ON SECURITY REVIEW
     In August 2011, the MOC promulgated the Rules of Ministry of Commerce on Implementation of
     Security Review System of Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors , or
     the MOC Security Review Rule, which came into effect on September 1, 2011, to implement the Notice
     of the General Office of the State Council on Establishing the Security Review System for Mergers and
     Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors promulgated on February 3, 2011. Under these
     regulations, a security review is required for foreign investors’ mergers and acquisitions having “national
     defense and security” implications and mergers and acquisitions by which foreign investors may
     acquire “de facto control” of domestic enterprises having “national security” implications. In addition,
     when deciding whether a specific merger or acquisition of a domestic enterprise by foreign investors is
     subject to a security review, the MOC will look into the substance and actual impact of the transaction.
     The MOC Security Review Rule further prohibits foreign investors from bypassing the security review
     requirement by structuring transactions through proxies, trusts, indirect investments, leases, loans,
     control through contractual arrangements or offshore transactions. Based on the above regulations, on
     December 19, 2020, the NDRC and MOC jointly issued the Measures for the Security Review of Foreign
     Investments , which became effective as of January 18, 2021. The Measures for the Security Review of
     Foreign Investments establishes a comprehensive security review system of foreign investments, which,
     among others, expands the review subjects to various types of foreign investments that affect or may
     affect national security, including greenfield investments and investments in other forms. Similar to
     the previous regulations, the foreign investments subject to security review include investments having
     “national defense security” implications and investments by which foreign investors may acquire “de
     facto control” of invested enterprises having “national security” implications.




38   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                           BUSINESS OVERVIEW



REGULATIONS ON LABOR CONTRACTS AND SOCIAL SECURITY
The Labor Law of the PRC , which was promulgated by the SCNPC on July 5, 1994, came into effect on
January 1, 1995, and was amended on August 27, 2009 and December 29, 2018, the Labor Contract
Law of the PRC that became effective on January 1, 2008, as amended on December 28, 2012, and the
Implementation Regulations on Labor Contract Law of the PRC which was promulgated and came into
effect on September 18, 2008 by the State Council seek to clarify the responsibilities of both employers
and employees and codifies certain basic rights and protections of employees. Among others, the
Labor Contract Law of the PRC provides that after completing two fixed-term employment contracts,
an employee that desires to continue working for an employer is entitled to require a non-fixed-term
employment contract. In addition, employees who have been employed for more than ten years by the
same employer are entitled to require a non-fixed-term contract. The Labor Contract Law of the PRC
also requires that the employees dispatched from human resources outsourcing firms or labor agencies
be limited to temporary, auxiliary or substitute positions. Furthermore, an employer may be held jointly
liable for any damages to its dispatched employees caused by its human resources outsourcing firm or
labor agency if it hired such employees through these entities. According to the Interim Provisions on
Labor Dispatch , which was promulgated in January 2014 and took effect in March 2014, to implement
the provisions of the Labor Contract Law of the PRC regarding labor dispatch, a company is permitted to
use dispatched employees for up to 10% of its labor force and the companies currently using dispatched
employees are given a two-year grace period after March 1, 2014 to comply with this limit.


According to the Individual Income Tax Law of the PRC , which was promulgated on September 10, 1980
by the National People’s Congress, last amended by the SCNPC on August 31, 2018 and came into effect
on January 1, 2019, companies operating in China are required to withhold individual income tax on
employees’ salaries based on the actual salary of each employee upon payment.


According to the Law on Social Insurance of the PRC , which was promulgated by the SCNPC on October
28, 2010, came into effect on July 1, 2011, and was amended on December 29, 2018, the Provisional
Regulations on the Collection and Payment of Social Insurance Premium , which was promulgated by
the State Council on January 22, 1999 and amended on March 24, 2019, and the Regulations on the
Administration of Housing Provident Fund , which was promulgated by the State Council on April 3,
1999 and came into effective on the same date, and was amended on March 24, 2002 and March 24,
2019, employers are required to contribute, on behalf of their employees, to a number of social security
funds, including funds for basic pension insurance, unemployment insurance, basic medical insurance,
occupational injury insurance, maternity insurance and housing provident funds. Employers who fail to
contribute may be fined and ordered to make good the deficit within a stipulated time limit.


Considering the PRC governmental authorities have continued to introduce various new labor-related
regulations since the effectiveness of the labor contract law, and the interpretation and implementation
of these regulations are still evolving, we cannot assure you that our employment practice will at all
times be deemed in compliance with the new regulations. If we are subject to severe penalties or incur
significant liabilities in connection with labor disputes or investigations, our business and results of
operations may be adversely affected. See “Risk Factors–Risks Related to Our Business–Our current
employment practices may be adversely impacted under the applicable labor laws.”




                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   39
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW



     REGULATION ON INFORMATION PROTECTION ON NETWORKS
     On December 28, 2012, the SCNPC issued Decision of the Standing Committee of the National People’s
     Congress on Strengthening Information Protection on Networks , pursuant to which network service
     providers and other enterprises and institutions shall, when gathering and using electronic personal
     information of citizens in business activities, publish their collection and usage rules and adhere to the
     principles of legality, rationality and necessarily, explicitly state the purposes, manners and scopes of
     collecting and using information, and obtain the consent of those from whom information is collected,
     and shall not collect and use information in violation of laws and regulations and the agreement between
     both sides; and the network service providers and other enterprises and institutions and their personnel
     must strictly keep such information confidential and may not divulge, alter, damage, sell, or illegally
     provide others with such information.


     On July 16, 2013, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, or the MIIT, issued the Provisions
     on the Protection of Personal Information of Telecommunication and Internet User . The requirements
     under this order are stricter and specific compared to the above decision issued by the National People’s
     Congress. According to the provisions, if a network service provider wishes to collect or use personal
     information, it may do so only if such collection is necessary for the services it provides. Furthermore,
     it must disclose to its users the purpose, method and scope of any such collection or usage, and must
     obtain consent from the users whose information is being collected or used. Network service providers
     are also required to establish and publish their protocols relating to personal information collection or
     usage, keep any collected information strictly confidential and take technological and other measures to
     maintain the security of such information. Network service providers are required to cease any collection
     or usage of the relevant personal information, and provide services for the users to de-register the
     relevant user account, when a user stops using the relevant Internet service. Network service providers
     are further prohibited from divulging, distorting or destroying any such personal information, or selling or
     providing such personal information unlawfully to other parties. In addition, if a network service provider
     appoints an agent to undertake any marketing or technical services that involve the collection or usage
     of personal information, the network service provider is required to supervise and manage the protection
     of the information. The provisions state, in broad terms, that violators may face warnings, fines, public
     exposure and, criminal liability whereas the case constitutes a crime.


     On June 1, 2017, the Cybersecurity Law of the PRC promulgated in November, 2016 by the SCNPC
     became effective. This law also absorbed and restated the principles and requirements mentioned in the
     aforesaid decision and order, and further provides that, where an individual finds any network operator
     collects or uses his or her personal information in violation of the provisions of any law, regulation or
     the agreement of both parties, the individual shall be entitled to request the network operator to delete
     his or her personal information; if the individual finds that his or her personal information collected or
     stored by the network operator has any error, he or she shall be entitled to request the network operator
     to make corrections, and the network operator shall take measures accordingly. Pursuant to this law,
     the violators may be subject to: (i) warning; (ii) confiscation of illegal gains and fines equal to one to ten
     times of the illegal gains; or if without illegal gains, fines up to RMB1,000,000; or (iii) an order to shut
     down the website, suspend the business operation for rectification, or revoke business license. Besides,
     responsible persons may be subject to fines between RMB10,000 and RMB100,000.




40   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                              BUSINESS OVERVIEW


On January 1, 2021, the Civil Code promulgated in May 2020 by the SCNPC became effective. The Civil
Code protects individuals’ right to personal information and provides for similar requirements for
personal information protection as the Cybersecurity Law. Individuals may bring up civil litigations based
on the Civil Code if their right to personal information is infringed upon.


From criminal law perspective, the PRC Criminal Law , as amended by its Amendment 7 (effective on
February 28, 2009) and Amendment 9 (effective on November 1, 2015), prohibits institutions, companies
and their employees from selling or otherwise illegally disclosing a citizen’s personal information
obtained during the course of performing duties or providing services or obtained through theft or other
illegal ways.


REGULATION ON INFORMATION PROTECTION ON NETWORKS IN EUROPE
The Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the
processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC
(GDPR), complemented by EU Member States law on data protection (e.g. in Germany the German Federal
Data Protection Act), imposes certain requirements on the processing of personal data relating to natural
persons. GDPR requirements will apply both to companies established in the EU and to companies, such
as us, that are not established in the EU but process personal data of individuals who are in the EU (and
in the EEA subject to the enactment of implementation procedures), where the processing activities
relate to: (a) the offering of goods or services, irrespective of whether a payment of the data subject is
required, to such data subjects in the EU; or (b) the monitoring of their behavior as far as their behavior
takes place within the EU. Therefore, the GDPR applies to our EU entities as well as the offering of
services by our non-EU entities when EU guests are targeted. The GDPR imposes on subject companies
a large number of obligations, which relate for example, but are not limited, to (i) the principles applying
to the processing of personal data, for example, lawfulness, fairness, transparency, purpose limitation,
data minimization and “privacy by design”, accuracy, storage limitations to process and store personal
data only as long as necessary, access restrictions on a “need to know basis”, and ensuring security and
confidentiality of personal data by technical and organizational measures; (ii) the ability of the controller
to demonstrate compliance with such principles (accountability); (iii) the obligation to identify a legal
basis before the processing (special requirements apply to certain specific categories of data such as
health related data and other sensitive data); and (iv) data subjects rights (for example, transparency,
right of information about personal data processed, right of access/receive copies, right to rectification,
right to erasure, right to restrict processing, right to data portability, and right to object to a processing
under certain circumstances). This leads to companies being under the obligation to implement a
number of formal processes and policies reviewing and documenting the privacy implications of the
development, acquisition, or use of all new products and services, technologies, or types of data. The
GDPR provides for substantial fines for breaches of data protection requirements, which, depending
on the infringed provisions of the GDPR, can go up to either (thresholds depending on the obligations
which have been breached): (i) 2% of the group’s annual worldwide turnover of the preceding financial
year or EUR10 million, whichever is greater, or (ii) 4% of the group’s annual worldwide turnover of the
preceding financial year or EUR20 million, whichever is greater. The fine may be imposed instead of, or
in addition to, measures that may be ordered by supervisory authorities (for example, request to cease
the processing). The GDPR and EU Member States law also provide for private enforcement mechanisms
and, in the most severe cases, criminal liability.




                                                                        Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   41
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW


     The Directive (EC) 2002/58 of 12 July 2002 concerning the processing of personal data and the protection
     of privacy in the electronic communications sector imposes restrictions on the use of cookies and
     similar means as well as on website tracking, including the requirement to obtain informed consent for
     storage or access to information stored on a user’s terminal equipment in the EU in certain cases (in
     particular for cookies which track for marketing purposes). The forthcoming Regulation on privacy and
     electronic communications, aiming at repealing the Directive 2002/58, will update the current rules (it
     is not yet known when this will be enacted, but it is expected to include similar strict rules). Sanctions
     may be imposed on companies not fully compliant with all practices in relation to the implementation of
     the regulation on e-privacy; the relation to the GDPR is not fully clear, but in the worst case, the same
     sanctions as which under the GDPR may apply.


     HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT OF THE COMPANY
     The following table illustrates the key milestones of our history and business development:


     Year             Milestone

     2005             We launched the first HanTing Hotel in Kunshan, Suzhou.


     2008             We launched our budget hotel product, HanTing Hi Inn , which was subsequently
                      rebranded as Hi Inn .


     2010             Our ADSs were listed on the NASDAQ Global Selected Market.


                      We launched the first JI Hotel in Shanghai.


     2012             We acquired a 51% equity interest in Starway HK, a midscale hotel chain, and expanded
                      our offering to four hotel brands.


                      We changed our Chinese trade name from “HanTing Hotel Group” to “HuaZhu Hotel
                      Group”.


     2013             We acquired the remaining 49% equity interest in Starway HK from C-Travel
                      International Limited.


                      We adopted the first proprietary cloud-based property management system in China.


     2014             We entered into agreements with Accor S.A. (“Accor”) to join forces in the Pan-China
                      region to develop Accor brand hotels and to form an extensive and long-term alliance
                      with Accor.


                      We offered the first automated self-check-in or check-out kiosks in China, featuring
                      advanced technologies such as facial recognition.




42   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                BUSINESS OVERVIEW



Year   Milestone

2016   We completed our transaction with Accor. For further details, please refer to the sub-
       sections headed “Major Acquisitions” and “Strategic Alliance with Accor” in this section.


       We adopted a centralized procurement system, leveraging our Internet of Things
       technology, which allows all hotels across the network to make bulk purchases of hotel
       supplies.


2017   We completed the acquisition of all of the equity interests in Crystal Orange, which
       operated hotels under the brands Crystal Orange Hotel and Orange Hotel .


       We issued US$475 million of 0.375% convertible senior notes due 2022.


2018   We changed our name to Huazhu Group Limited, or Huazhu.


       We completed the acquisition in steps of a majority stake in Blossom Hotel
       Management, which was engaged in the business of operating and managing hotels
       under Blossom Hill Hotels & Resorts (currently Blossom House) brand in the upscale
       market in the PRC.


2019   We were a winner of the “2019 CIO 100 Award”, which recognized us as one of the 100
       most innovative organizations worldwide that use information technology in innovative
       ways to deliver business value.


       Our H Rewards loyalty program surpassed 150 million members.


       We opened our first overseas hotel in Singapore under JI Hotel brand, which we directly
       operate.


2020   We completed the acquisition of all equity interest in Steigenberger Hotels AG, which
       was engaged in the business of operating and managing hotels under five brands,
       namely Steigenberger Hotels & Resorts, MAXX by Steigenberger, Jaz in the City,
       IntercityHotel and Zleep Hotels , primarily in Europe.


       We issued US$500 million of 3% convertible senior notes due 2026.


       We completed our global offering and listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. We
       issued a total of 23,485,450 ordinary shares (including 3,063,300 ordinary shares
       pursuant to the exercise of over-allotment option) at a public offering price of HKD297
       (US$38.31) per ordinary share. Our ordinary shares started to be traded on the Hong
       Kong Stock Exchange on September 22, 2020. The offering size and offering price
       presented in this paragraph did not retroactively reflect the Share Subdivision.


       We completed put right offer relating to the 2022 Notes




                                                           Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   43
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW



     Year                                                    Milestone

     2021                                                    We completed the acquisition of CitiGO in May 2021, which operates hotels under the
                                                             brand of CitiGO Hotel .


     Our principal executive offices are located at No. 699 Wuzhong Road, Minhang District Shanghai 201103,
     People’s Republic of China. Our telephone number at this address is +86 (21) 6195-2011. Our registered
     office in the Cayman Islands is located at the offices of Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, P.O. Box 2681,
     Grand Cayman, KY1-1111, Cayman Islands.


     Investors should contact us for any inquiries through the address and telephone number of our principal
     executive offices. Our website is http://www.huazhu.com. The information contained on our website is
     not a part of this annual report.


     SEC maintains an internet site (http://www.sec.gov), which contains reports, proxy and information
     statements, and other information regarding us that file electronically with the SEC.


     ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE
     The following diagram illustrates our corporate and ownership structure, the place of formation and the
     ownership interests of our subsidiaries as of March 31, 2022.

                            100%                                                                               100%                                                              Huazhu Group Limited                                                                                                        100%                                         100%

                                                                                                                                                                                      (Cayman)




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           China Lodging Holdings (HK) Limited
               China Lodging Investment Limited                4 Subsidiaries                    H World Holdings Singapore Pte. Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      (Hong Kong)
                          (Cayman)                                                                           (Singapore)


                                                                           100%
                                                                                                                                                         100%                                     49%                                                        100%                                                                100%

                                                                      Huazhu
                                                                 Investment GmbH
                                                                     (Germany)

                                                                  0%, GP                100%, LP                               100%                                                                                                                                                                                   Huazhu Investment I
            100%              100%                100%                                                                                            Starway Hotels                        Crystal Orange Hotel                    51%                     Huazhu K.K                                                         Limited
                                                                                                                                                (Hong Kong) Limited                       Holdings Limited                                                                       10 Subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                                   (Hong Kong)                                                                                           (Japan)                                                         (Hong Kong)
                                                                                                                                                                                                (BVI)
                                                                  DH Group GmbH
                                                                     & Co. KG
         ACL                                                        (Germany)
       Greater           Ibis China           TAHM                                                                                                                                                  100%
                                                                                                                                                                             100%
        China           Investment         Investment
                          Limited            Limited                        100%
       Limited                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       100%                          95%              100%                    100%
     (Hong Kong)       (Hong Kong)        (Hong Kong)           Steigenberger Hotels
                                                                 Aktiengesellschaft                                        Huazhu Hospitality
                                                                     (Germany)                                                 Inc (BVI)                                                          Orange Hotel
                                                                                                                                                                                                Hong Kong Limited
                                                               100%                                                                                                                               (Hong Kong)
                                                                                                                                        100%


                                                           Intercity                                                        Huazhu Hospitality
                                                                                      22
                                                         Hotel GmbH                                                        (Hong Kong) Limited
                                                                                  Subsidiaries
                                                          (Germany)                                                            (Hong Kong)



             100%                                 100%
                                                                       100%                100%                   100%                  50%               100%                                  100%            100%


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Offshore

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Onshore




                                                                                      Shanghai               HanTing                                                                                       Beijing Crystal                                                                                                                   Yiju           Han Ting
     Yagao Meihua                        Tianjin Yagao         Huazhu (Hainan)                                                                    Starway Hotel                                                                                                                            Jiangsu Keting       Shanghai                 (Shanghai)
                                                                                      Huaxiang              (Shanghai)       Yongle Huazhu                            Beijing Orange      Orange Hotel     Orange Hotel                                   Hanting Xingkong                                                                                  (Tianjin)
         Hotel                               Hotel                  Hotel                                                                         Management                                                                                                                       5%       Commercial         Hanting Hotel                Hotel
                                                                                      Catering              Enterprise       Hotel & Resort                           Times Software      Management       Management                                     (Shanghai) Hotel                                                                                Investment
      Management      7 Subsidiaries     Management             Management                                                                         (Shanghai)                                                                                                                                 and Trade        Management               Management
                                                                                     Management            Management            Group                                  Tech Co., Ltd    (China) Co, Ltd    Consulting                                   Management Co., Ltd                                                                               Consulting
        Co., Ltd                            Co., Ltd.              Co., Ltd                                                                          Co., Ltd                                                                                                                                  Co., Ltd         Group, Ltd                 Co., Ltd
                                                                                       Co., Ltd               Co., Ltd           (PRC)                                     (PRC)             (PRC)             Co, Ltd                                          (PRC)                                                                                       Co., Ltd.
         (PRC)                               (PRC)                  (PRC)                                                                             (PRC)                                                                                                                                     (PRC)             (PRC)                     (PRC)
                                                                                        (PRC)                  (PRC)                                                                                            (PRC)                                                                                                                                         (PRC)




                                                                                                           100%                100%                                                                                                         100%          100%              100%
                                                                         100%                                                                                                                     100%




                                                                                                                                   Jizhu
                                                                Huasu (Hainan)                             Huazhu Hotel                                                                                                               Tianjin Huasu     Hanting          Huazhu Hotel
                                                                                                                               Information                                               Beijing Qitian
                                                                  Enterprise                               Management                                                                                                                   Enterprise    Technology         Management
                                                                                                                               Technology                                                Holiday Hotel
     9 Subsidiaries                                              Management         12 Subsidiaries          (Ningbo)                             2 Subsidiaries                                               6 Subsidiaries         Management       (Suzhou)            Co., Ltd        34 Subsidiaries     78 Subsidiaries          3 Subsidiaries   2 Subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                (Shanghai)                                                 Co., Ltd.
                                                                   Co., Ltd                                   Co., Ltd                                                                                                                   Co., Ltd       Co., Ltd            (PRC)
                                                                                                                                  Co., Ltd                                                   (PRC)
                                                                    (PRC)                                      (PRC)                                                                                                                      (PRC)          (PRC)
                                                                                                                                   (PRC)




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   86.85%


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   H-World Information and
                                                                                                          1 subsidiaries                                                                                                                               91 Subsidiaries               Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            (PRC)




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         2 subsidiaries




44   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                         BUSINESS OVERVIEW


The following table sets forth summary information for our significant subsidiaries as of March 31, 2022.


                                                                    Date of
                                                   Percentage of    Incorporation/           Place of
Major Subsidiaries                                    Ownership     Acquisition              Incorporation

China Lodging Holdings (HK) Limited                        100%     October 22, 2008         Hong Kong
H World Holdings Singapore Pte. Ltd.                       100%     April 14, 2010           Singapore
HanTing Xingkong (Shanghai) Hotel Management               100%     March 3, 2006            PRC
  Co., Ltd.
HanTing (Tianjin) Investment Consulting Co., Ltd           100%     January 16, 2008         PRC
HanTing Technology (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.                      100%     December 3, 2008         PRC
HanTing (Shanghai) Enterprise Management                   100%     December 14, 2010        PRC
  Co., Ltd.
Starway Hotel Management (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.              100%     May 1, 2012              PRC
HuaZhu Hotel Management Co., Ltd.                          100%     August 16, 2012          PRC
Jizhu Information Technology (Shanghai)                    100%     February 26, 2014        PRC
  Co., Ltd.
ACL Greater China Limited                                  100%     January 25, 2016         Hong Kong
Huazhu Investment I Limited                                100%     November 10, 2017        Hong Kong
Yagao Meihua Hotel Management Co., Ltd.                    100%     January 25, 2016         PRC
Orange Hotel Management (China) Co., Ltd.                  100%     May 25, 2017             PRC
Beijing Crystal Orange Hotel Management                    100%     May 25, 2017             PRC
  Consulting Co., Ltd.
Huazhu Hotel Management (Ningbo) Co., Ltd.                 100%     July 20, 2018            PRC
H-World Information and Technology Co., Ltd               86.85%    November 7, 2013         PRC
  (盟廣信息技術有限公司)
Steigenberger Hotels Aktiengesellschaft                    100%     January 2, 2020          Germany
Intercity Hotel GmbH                                       100%     January 2, 2020          Germany


PROPERTY, PLANTS AND EQUIPMENT
Our headquarters are located in Shanghai, China and occupy nearly 18,000 square meters of office
space, about 1,500 square meters of which is owned by us and the rest is leased. As of December 31,
2021, we leased 729 out of our 7,830 hotel facilities with an aggregate size of approximately 5.1 million
square meters, including approximately 124,300 square meters subleased to others. As of December
31, 2021, we owned nine out of our 7,830 hotel facilities with an aggregate size of approximately 93,000
square meters. For detailed information about the locations of our hotels, see “Business Overview – Our
Hotel Network.”




                                                                     Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   45
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     OPERATING RESULTS
     You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations
     in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere
     in this annual report. This discussion may contain forward-looking statements based upon current
     expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those
     anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth
     under “Risk Factors” or in other parts of this annual report.


     OVERVIEW
     We are a leading, fast-growing multi-brand hotel group in China with international operations. Our
     hotels are operated under three different models: leased and owned, franchised, and franchised hotels
     that we operate under management contracts, which we refer to as “manachised.” We expanded our
     hotel network from 5,618 hotels as of December 31, 2019 to 7,830 hotels as of December 31, 2021,
     representing a CAGR of 18.1%. As of December 31, 2021, we had 7,830 hotels in operation, including 738
     leased and owned hotels and 7,092 manachised and franchised hotels, with an aggregate of 753,216
     hotel rooms. As of the same date, we were developing an additional 2,608 hotels, including 46 leased
     and owned hotels and 2,562 manachised and franchised hotels. On January 2, 2020, we completed the
     acquisition of Deutsche Hospitality and have consolidated its financial information since then. As a
     result, our financial information for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021, and any future years
     are not comparable with our financial information for the prior years.


     Our total revenue was RMB11,212 million, RMB10,196 million and RMB12,785 million (US$2,006 million)
     in 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively. We had net income attributable to Huazhu Group of RMB1,769
     million and net loss attributable to Huazhu Group of RMB2,192 million in 2019 and 2020, respectively.
     We recorded net loss attributed to Huazhu Group of RMB465 million (US$73 million) in 2021. Our
     adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP) amounted to RMB3,349 million, negative RMB244 million and RMB1,571
     million (US$247 million) in 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively, and our net cash provided by operating
     activities amounted to RMB3,293 million, RMB609 million and RMB1,342 million (US$210 million) in
     these respective periods.


     SPECIFIC FACTORS AFFECTING OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     While our business is affected by factors relating to general economic conditions and the lodging
     industry in China and other jurisdictions in which we operate, including business and leisure travel of the
     customers and market competition (see “Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our Business – Our operating
     results are subject to conditions affecting the lodging industry in general” and “–The lodging industries in
     China and Europe are competitive, and if we are unable to compete successfully, our financial condition
     and results of operations may be harmed”), we believe that our results of operations are also affected by
     company-specific factors, including, among others:




46   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


•   The total number of hotels and hotel rooms in our hotel network . Our revenues largely depend on
    the size of our hotel network. Furthermore, we believe that the expanded geographic coverage of
    our hotel network will enhance our brand recognition. Whether we can successfully increase the
    number of hotels and hotel rooms in our hotel group is largely affected by our ability to effectively
    identify and lease, own, manachise or franchise additional hotel properties at desirable locations
    on commercially favorable terms and the availability of funding to make necessary capital
    investments to open these new hotels.


•   The fixed-cost nature of our business . A significant portion of our operating costs and expenses,
    including rent and depreciation and amortization, is relatively fixed. As a result, an increase in our
    revenues achieved through higher RevPAR generally will result in higher profitability. Vice versa,
    a decrease in our revenues, in particular with respect to hotels temporarily closed during the
    COVID-19 outbreak, could result in a disproportionately larger decrease in our earnings because
    our operating costs and expenses are unlikely to decrease proportionately.


•   The number of new leased and owned hotels under development . Generally, the operation of each
    leased and owned hotel goes through three stages: development, ramp-up and mature operations.
    During the development stage, our leased and owned hotels generate no revenue. In addition, we
    bear the pre-opening expenses for a substantial majority of our leased and owned hotels, which
    generally range from approximately RMB1.5 million to RMB20.0 million per hotel. For certain of
    our hotels (under Deutsche Hospitality), the landlords are responsible for renovating the hotels
    (other than soft furnishing) and we are not required to pay rent until this renovation is completed.
    During periods when a large number of new leased and owned hotels are under development,
    the pre-opening expenses incurred may have a significant negative impact on our financial
    performance.


•   The mix of mature and new leased and owned hotels , manachised hotels and franchised hotels.
    When a new hotel starts operation and goes through the ramp-up stage, the occupancy rate is
    relatively low and the room rate may be subject to discount. Revenues generated by these hotels
    are lower than those generated by mature hotels and may be insufficient to cover their operating
    costs, which are relatively fixed in nature and are similar to those of mature hotels. The lower
    profitability during the ramp-up stage for leased and owned hotels may have a significant negative
    impact on our financial performance. The length of the ramp-up stage may be affected by factors
    such as hotel size, seasonality and location. New hotels opened in lower-tier cities generally
    have longer ramp-up period. On average, it takes our hotels approximately six months to ramp
    up. We define mature leased and owned hotels as those that have been in operation for more
    than six months. Our mature leased and owned hotels have been and will continue to be the main
    contributor to our revenues in the foreseeable future.




                                                                   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   47
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


            Under the manachise and franchise models, we generate revenues from franchise and service
            fees we charge to each manachised and franchised hotel while the franchisee bears substantially
            all the capital expenditures, pre-opening and operational expenses. The hotel operating costs
            relating to manachised hotels are mainly costs for hotel managers as we hire and send them to
            manachised hotels. An increasing proportion of manachised and franchised hotels in our hotel
            mix will allow us to benefit from the recurring cash inflows from franchise and service fees with
            minimal upfront costs and capital expenditures.


     KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
     We utilize a set of non-financial and financial key performance indicators which our senior management
     reviews frequently. The review of these indicators facilitates timely evaluation of the performance of
     our business and effective communication of results and key decisions, allowing our business to react
     promptly to changing customer demands and market conditions.


     Non-financial Key Performance Indicators
     Our non-financial key performance indicators consist of (i) change in the total number of hotels and hotel
     rooms in our hotel group, (ii) RevPAR, especially RevPAR achieved by our leased and owned hotels, and
     (iii) same-hotel RevPAR change.


     Change in the total number of hotels and hotel rooms . We track the change in the total number of hotels
     and hotel rooms in operation to monitor our business expansion. Our total hotels in operation increased
     from 5,618 as of December 31, 2019 to 7,830 as of December 31, 2021.


     Our total number of hotel room-nights available for sale increased from 171.7 million as of December 31,
     2019 to 243.0 million as of December 31, 2021. Due to the impact of COVID-19, we had a large number of
     hotels in China temporarily closed in the first quarter of 2020. During the first quarter of 2020, Chinese
     governmental authorities also requisitioned a total of 610 of our hotels (including approximately two
     million room-nights, approximately 12% of which were from our leased hotels) in various locations and
     during different periods for the accommodation of medical support workers and for quarantine purposes
     in relation to COVID-19. As of December 31, 2021, we had 147 hotels under governmental requisition
     in China. As a result, as of December 31, 2021, excluding hotels under governmental requisition or
     temporarily closed, the total room-nights available for sale was 234.8 million for legacy Huazhu.


     As COVID-19 spread globally, the hotel operations of Deutsche Hospitality in Europe have also been
     adversely affected since early March 2020. Local governments in Europe imposed travel restrictions
     and lockdowns to contain the spread of COVID-19, and as a result, a number of our Deutsche Hospitality
     hotels were temporarily closed in 2020. As of December 31, 2021, all hotels of Deutsche Hospitality that
     were temporarily closed due to COVID-19 had resumed operation. As of December 31, 2021, excluding
     a small number of hotels which were temporarily closed for reasons unrelated to COVID-19, the total
     room-nights available for sale was 8 million for legacy DH.




48   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The following table sets forth various measures of changes in the total number of hotels and hotel rooms
(excluding room-nights of hotels under governmental requisition or temporarily closed) as of the dates
indicated.


                                                                         As of December 31,
                                                   2019              2020                               2021
                                                               Legacy                             Legacy
                                                               Huazhu         Legacy DH           Huazhu       Legacy DH

Total hotels in operation                          5,618         6,669              120             7,706           124
  Leased and owned hotels                           688           681                72              662             76
  Manachised hotels                                4,519         5,718               28             6,797            27
  Franchised hotels                                 411           270                20              247             21
Total hotel rooms in operation                  536,876       628,135            24,027          728,143          25,073
  Leased and owned hotels                        87,465        90,942            13,371           91,284          14,264
  Manachised hotels                             418,700       515,338              5,630         617,340           5,390
  Franchised hotels                              30,711        21,855              5,026          19,519           5,419
Total hotel room-nights available for sale   171,660,048   193,819,296         6,488,185      234,841,153      8,203,832
  Leased and owned hotels                     32,018,639    31,286,112         3,998,572       32,818,789      4,933,508
  Manachised hotels                          130,860,614   154,743,646         1,439,155      195,076,643      1,681,517
  Franchised hotels                            8,780,795     7,789,583         1,050,458        6,945,721      1,588,807


RevPAR . RevPAR is a commonly used operating measure in the lodging industry and is defined as the
product of average occupancy rates and average daily room rates achieved. Occupancy rates of our
hotels mainly depend on the locations of our hotels, product and service offering, the effectiveness of our
sales and brand promotion efforts, our ability to effectively manage hotel reservations, the performance
of managerial and other employees of our hotels, as well as our ability to respond to competitive
pressure. From year to year, occupancy of our portfolio may fluctuate as a result of changes in the mix of
our mature and ramp-up hotels, as well as special events such as the Shanghai Expo in 2010 and public
health events such as COVID-19. We set the room rates of our hotels primarily based on the location
of a hotel, room rates charged by our competitors within the same locality, and our relative brand and
product strength in the city or city cluster. From year to year, average daily room rates of our portfolio
may change due to our yield management practice, city mix change and special events such as the
Shanghai Expo in 2010 and public health events such as COVID-19.


The following table sets forth our RevPAR, average daily room rate and occupancy rate for legacy
Huazhu’s leased and owned hotels as well as manachised and franchised hotels for the periods
indicated.




                                                                             Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021       49
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



                                                                                             Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                          2019                   2020                  2021
                                                                                                                   (Excluding hotels
                                                                                                                   under requisition)

     RevPAR(1) (in RMB)
           Leased and owned hotels                                                          240                   166                   202
           Manachised hotels                                                                189                   147                   168
           Franchised hotels                                                                174                   129                   155
           Total hotels in operation                                                        198                   149                   172
     Average daily room rate (in RMB) (1)


           Leased and owned hotels                                                          276                   241                   286
           Manachised hotels                                                                223                   204                   231
           Franchised hotels                                                                240                   208                   238
           Total hotels in operation                                                        234                   210                   239
     Occupancy rate (as a percentage)
           Leased and owned hotels                                                            87                    69                    71
           Manachised hotels                                                                  85                    72                    73
           Franchised hotels                                                                  73                    62                    65
           Total hotels in operation                                                          84                    71                    72
     Weight of hotel room-nights available for sale
           contributed by leased and owned hotels less than
           6 months (as a percentage)(2)                                                       4                     4                      4


     (1)       The RevPAR and average daily room rates disclosed in this annual report for legacy Huazhu are based on the tax-inclusive
               room rates.

     (2)       Represents (i) the aggregate of monthly hotel room-nights available for sale in a given period of leased and owned hotels,
               which had been in operation for less than six months, divided by (ii) the aggregate of monthly total hotel room-nights available
               for sale in that given period.


     RevPAR may change from period to period due to (i) the change in the mix of our leased and owned
     hotels in the ramp-up and mature phases, (ii) the change in the mix of our hotels in different cities and
     locations, (iii) the change in the mix of our hotels of different brands, and (iv) the change in same-hotel
     RevPAR. The RevPAR for all hotels in operation of legacy Huazhu (excluding hotels under governmental
     requisition) in 2021 was higher than the RevPAR for all of our hotels in operation of legacy Huazhu
     (excluding hotels under governmental requisition) in 2020 primarily due to relief of COVID-19 restriction
     measures and recovery from COVID-19. The RevPAR for all hotels in operation of legacy Huazhu (excluding
     hotels under governmental requisition) in 2020 was lower than the RevPAR for all of our hotels in
     operation in 2019, primarily due to the outbreak of COVID-19 and the Chinese government’s measures to
     contain its spread, which resulted in lower occupancy rates and average daily room rates of our hotels.




50   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The following table sets forth the RevPAR, average daily room rate and occupancy rate for the leased
hotels as well as manachised and franchised hotels of legacy DH for the periods indicated.


                                                                                           Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                                   2020               2021

RevPAR(1) (in EUR)
      Leased and owned hotels                                                                          30                29
      Manachised hotels                                                                                29                31
      Franchised hotels                                                                                34                41
      All hotels in operation                                                                          31                32
Average daily room rate (in EUR)
      Leased and owned hotels                                                                          89                91
      Manachised hotels                                                                                89                85
      Franchised hotels                                                                                82                93
      All hotels in operation                                                                          88                90
Occupancy rate (as a percentage)
      Leased and owned hotels                                                                          34                32
      Manachised hotels                                                                                32                37
      Franchised hotels                                                                                42                44
      All hotels in operation                                                                          35                35


(1)       The RevPAR and average daily room rates for legacy DH are based on the tax-exclusive room rates.



The RevPAR for all hotels in operation of legacy DH in 2021 was higher than that of 2020, primarily due
to relief of COVID-19 restriction measures and recovery from COVID-19. The RevPAR for all hotels in
operation of legacy DH in 2020 was lower than 2019, primarily due to the outbreak of COVID-19 in Europe
and the relevant governments’ measures to contain its spread.


The seasonality of our business may cause fluctuations in our quarterly RevPAR. We typically have the
lowest RevPAR in the first quarter due to reduced travel activities in winter and during the Spring Festival
holidays, and the highest RevPAR in the third quarter due to increased travel during summer, though this
may not be true for this year given the COVID-19 impact. National and regional special events that attract
large numbers of people to travel may also cause fluctuations in our RevPAR.




                                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   51
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     The following table sets forth quarterly RevPAR of legacy Huazhu’s hotels for the periods indicated.


                                                                          For the Three Months Ended
                                 March 31,      June 30, September 30, December 31,        March 31,    June 30, September 30, December 31,
                                     2020          2020          2020           2020           2021        2021          2021          2021

     RevPAR (in RMB):
       Leased and owned hotels          92           138           211           217            156          252           206           193
       Manachised hotels                88           126           173           181            135          203           173           159
       Franchised hotels                75           106           162           174            125          194           156           144
     Total hotels in operation          88           127           179           186            138          210           177           163


     The following table sets forth the quarterly RevPAR of the hotels operated by legacy DH for the periods
     indicated.


                                                                          For the Three Months Ended
                                 March 31,      June 30, September 30, December 31,        March 31,    June 30, September 30, December 31,
                                     2020          2020          2020           2020           2021        2021          2021          2021

     RevPAR (in EUR):
       Leased and owned hotels          51            15            34            16             12           17            45            41
       Manachised hotels                37            18            35            16             12           19            51            37
       Franchised hotels                44            16            41            22             20           29            52            57
     Total hotels in operation          46            16            35            17             13           20            48            43


     Same-hotel RevPAR change . Our overall RevPAR trend does not reflect the trend of a stable and mature
     portfolio, because it may fluctuate when city mix and mix of mature and ramp-up hotels change. We
     track same-hotel year-over-year RevPAR change for legacy Huazhu’s hotels in operation for at least 18
     months to monitor the RevPAR trend for our mature hotels on a comparable basis. The following table
     sets forth our same-hotel RevPAR for hotels in operation under legacy Huazhu (excluding hotels under
     governmental requisition) for at least 18 months for the periods indicated.


                                                                          For the Three Months Ended
                                 March 31,      June 30, September 30, December 31,        March 31,    June 30, September 30, December 31,
                                     2020          2020          2020           2020           2021        2021          2021          2021

     Number of hotels in
       operation for at least
       18 months                     3,271         3,539         3,712          3,876          4,209       4,537         4,803         5,075
     RevPAR (RMB)                       87           125           178           186            138          210           176           162
     Same-hotel RevPAR change
       (as a percentage)             (52.8)        (40.8)        (19.8)          (7.6)          50.2        58.1           (5.9)       (15.6)


     (1)       In calculating the same-hotel RevPAR change (as a percentage) of our mature hotels in a specified period, which are hotels
               in operation for at least 18 months as at the beginning of one of the months within this period, the average RevPAR of these
               hotels in the months in which they are mature hotels within this period is compared with the average RevPAR of these same
               hotels in the corresponding months of the prior year.




52   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



FINANCIAL KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
Our financial key performance indicators consist of (i) revenues, (ii) operating costs and expenses, (iii)
EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, and (iv) net cash provided by operating activities.


Revenues. We primarily derive our revenues from operations of our leased and owned hotels and
franchise and service fees from our manachised and franchised hotels. The following table sets forth the
revenues generated by our leased and owned as well as manachised and franchised hotels and other
revenues, each in absolute amount and as a percentage of total revenues for the periods indicated.


                                                             Year Ended December 31,
                                         2019                   2020                           2021
                                     (RMB)          %      (RMB)             %        (RMB)     (US$)          %
                                                          (In millions except percentages)

Revenues:
Leased and owned hotels              7,718        68.8      6,908         67.8         8,118    1,274        63.5
Manachised and franchised hotels     3,342        29.8      3,136         30.8         4,404      691        34.4
Others                                 152         1.4       152            1.4          263          41      2.1
Total revenues                      11,212       100.0     10,196        100.0       12,785     2,006      100.0


•        Leased and Owned Hotels . In 2019, we generated revenue of RMB7,718 million from our leased
         and owned hotels, which accounted for 68.8% of our total revenues for the year. In 2020, we
         generated revenues of RMB6,908 million from our leased and owned hotels, which accounted
         for 67.8% of our total revenues for the year. In 2021, we generated revenue of RMB8,118 million
         (US$1,274 million) from our leased and owned hotels, which accounted for 63.5% of our total
         revenues for the year. We expect that revenues from our leased and owned hotels will continue to
         constitute a majority of our total revenues in the foreseeable future. As of December 31, 2021, we
         had 46 leased and owned hotels under development.


         For our leased hotels, we lease properties from real estate owners or lessors and we are
         responsible for hotel development and customization to conform to our standards, as well as for
         repairs and maintenance and operating costs and expenses of properties over the term of the
         lease. We are also responsible for substantially all aspects of hotel operations and management,
         including hiring, training and supervising the hotel managers and employees required to operate
         our hotels and purchasing supplies. Our typical lease term ranges from ten to 30 years. For a
         substantial majority of our hotels, we typically enjoy an initial two- to eight-month rent-free
         period. For certain of our hotels (under Deutsche Hospitality), the landlords are responsible for
         renovating the hotels (other than soft furnishing) and we are not required to pay rent until this
         renovation is completed. We generally pay fixed rent on a monthly, quarterly or biannual basis
         for the first three to five years of the lease term, after which we are generally subject to a 2%
         to 6% increase every three to five years or, for Deutsche Hospitality’s hotels, generally annual
         adjustments based on consumer price index levels.




                                                                          Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   53
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


            Our owned hotels include the hotels we acquired as part of our strategic alliance with Accor in
            2016. and the ones we acquired through acquisition of Blossom Hotel Management in 2018.


            Our revenues generated from leased and owned hotels are significantly affected by the following
            two operating measures:


            •     The total number of room nights available from the leased and owned hotels in our hotel
                  group . The future growth of revenues generated from our leased and owned hotels will
                   depend significantly upon our ability to expand our hotel group into new locations and
                   maintain and further increase our RevPAR at existing hotels.


            •     RevPAR achieved by our leased and owned hotels, which represents the product of average
                  daily room rates and occupancy rates . To understand factors impacting our RevPAR, please
                  see “– Non-financial Key Performance Indicators – RevPAR.”


     •     Manachised and Franchised Hotels . In 2019, we generated revenues of RMB3,342 million from our
            manachised and franchised hotels, which accounted for 29.8% of our total revenues for the year.
            In 2020, we generated revenues of RMB3,136 million from our manachised and franchised hotels,
            which accounted for 30.8% of our total revenues for the year. In 2021, we generated revenues of
            RMB4,404 million (US$691 million) from our manachised and franchised hotels, which accounted
            for 34.4% of our total revenues for the year. We expect that revenues from our manachised
            and franchised hotels will increase in the foreseeable future as we add more manachised and
            franchised hotels in our hotel group. We also expect the number of our manachised and franchised
            hotels as a percentage of the total number of hotels in our network to increase. As of December
            31, 2021, we had 2,562 manachised and franchised hotels under development.


            •     Manachised Hotels . Our franchisees either lease or own their hotel properties and
                   also invest in the renovation of their properties according to our product standards.
                   Our franchisees are typically responsible for the costs of developing and operating
                   the hotels, including renovating the hotels according to our standards, and all of the
                   operating expenses. We manage our manachised hotels and impose the same standards
                   for all manachised hotels to ensure product quality and consistency across our hotel
                   network. Management services we provide to our franchisees for our manachised hotels
                   generally include hiring, appointing and training hotel managers, managing reservations,
                   providing sales and marketing support, conducting quality inspections and providing other
                   operational support and information. We believe that our manachise model has enabled
                   us to quickly and effectively expand our geographical coverage and market share in a less
                   capital-intensive manner through leveraging the local knowledge and relationships of our
                   franchisees.


                   We collect fees from our franchisees and do not bear the loss incurred or otherwise share
                   any profit realized by our franchisees. They are also responsible for all costs and expenses
                   related to hotel construction and refurbishing. Our franchise and management agreements
                   for manachised hotels typically run for an initial term of eight to ten years, and for our
                   hotels under Deutsche Hospitality, 15 to 20 years.




54   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


    For our manachised hotels under legacy Huazhu, our franchisees are generally required to
    pay us an upfront franchise fee typically ranging between RMB80,000 and RMB1,000,000
    per hotel. In general, we charge a monthly franchise fee of approximately 3% to 6.5% of
    the gross revenues generated by each manachised hotel. We also collect from franchisees
    a reservation fee for using our central reservation system and a membership registration
    fee for customers who join our H Rewards loyalty program at the manachised hotels. In
    addition, we charge system maintenance and support fees and other IT service fees from
    our franchisees for sharing our technology infrastructure with our manachised hotels.
    Furthermore, we employ and appoint hotel managers for the manachised hotels and charge
    franchisees manager fee on a monthly basis.


    For our manachised hotels under Deutsche Hospitality, the franchisees have historically
    been required to pay Deutsche Hospitality a management fee consisting of a base fee
    of 0.5% to 3.5% of the hotel’s turnover and an incentive fee of 6% to 10% of the hotel’s
    adjusted gross operating profit. Deutsche Hospitality participates in the distribution of
    the manachised hotel’s profit and charges a marketing fee for a few manachised hotels.
    General manager compensation of a manachised hotel, including salaries, social security
    contribution, and various benefits and bonuses, is borne by the manachised hotel. For some
    manachised hotels outside Germany, Deutsche Hospitality further charges a license fee of
    approximately 0.5% to 1% of the hotel’s turnover. We are gradually adapting the terms of
    Deutsche Hospitality’s franchise and management agreements to be similar to those of our
    other manachised hotels.


•   Franchised Hotels . Under our typical franchise agreements, we provide our franchisees
    with training, central reservation, sales and marketing support, technology support, quality
    assurance inspections and other operational support and information. We do not appoint
    hotel managers for our franchised hotels. We collect fees from the franchisees of our
    franchised hotels and do not bear any loss incurred or otherwise, share any profit realized
    by our franchisees. Our franchise agreements for our franchised hotels typically run for an
    initial term of eight to ten years, and for our hotels under Deutsche Hospitality, 10 to 15
    years.


    For our franchised hotels under legacy Huazhu, we charge our franchised hotels fees
    on generally the same terms as our manachised hotels, except that we do not appoint
    hotel managers to our franchised hotels and thus do not charge these hotels a monthly
    management service fee.


    For our franchised hotels under Deutsche Hospitality, the franchisees have historically
    been required to pay Deutsche Hospitality a franchise fee of approximately 0.5% to 4.0% of
    the hotel’s gross room revenue turnover. Some hotels outside Germany are charged a fixed
    franchise fee ranging from EUR40,000 to EUR150,000 per year. Most franchised hotels are
    also charged a central service fee (or marketing fee in older contracts) and a license fee.
    We are gradually adapting the terms of Deutsche Hospitality’s franchise agreements to be
    similar to those of our other franchised hotels.




                                                            Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   55
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                 •     Other Revenues . Other revenues of RMB152 million, RMB152 million and RMB263 million
                       (US$41 million) in 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively, represented revenues generated from
                       services other than the operation of hotel businesses, which mainly included revenues from
                       the provision of IT products and services to hotels and revenues from Hua Zhu mall and
                       other revenues from legacy DH.


     Operating Costs and Expenses . Our operating costs and expenses consist of costs for hotel operation,
     other operating cost, selling and marketing expenses, general and administrative expenses and
     pre-opening expenses. To mitigate the impact of COVID-19, we have taken measures to improve our cost
     structure, including negotiating with landlords to reduce or delay rental payments, streamlining our hotel
     staff, work shift sharing, temporary furlough of staff, and reducing or eliminating discretionary spending
     and capital expenditures. The following table sets forth the components of our operating costs and
     expenses, both in absolute amount and as a percentage of total revenues for the periods indicated.


                                                                  Year Ended December 31,
                                               2019                   2020                              2021
                                          (RMB)            %     (RMB)             %        (RMB)        (US$)         %
                                                                (In millions except percentages)


     Total revenues                       11,212        100.0   10,196         100.0       12,785        2,006      100.0

     Operating costs and expenses
     Hotel operating costs:
     Rents                                 2,624         23.4    3,485          34.2         3,900         612       30.5
     Utilities                              404           3.6      478            4.7          507             80     4.0
     Personnel costs                       1,854         16.5    2,501          24.5         3,022         474       23.6
     Depreciation and amortization          960           8.5    1,316          12.9         1,413         222       11.1
     Consumables, food and beverage         793           7.1      885            8.7          969         152        7.6
     Others                                 555           5.0    1,064          10.4         1,471         230       11.5
     Total hotel operating costs           7,190         64.1    9,729          95.4       11,282        1,770       88.3
     Other operating costs                   57           0.5       52            0.5              58           9     0.4
     Selling and marketing expenses         426           3.8      597            5.9          641         101        5.0
     General and administrative
       expenses                            1,061          9.5    1,259          12.3         1,545         242       12.1
     Pre-opening expenses                   502           4.5      288            2.8              81          13     0.6
     Total operating costs and expenses    9,236         82.4   11,925         116.9       13,607        2,135      106.4




56   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


•     Hotel Operating Costs . Our hotel operating costs consist primarily of costs and expenses directly
      attributable to the operation of our leased and owned as well as manachised hotels. Leased
      and owned hotel operating costs primarily include rental payments and utility costs for hotel
      properties, compensation and benefits for our hotel-based employees, costs of hotel room
      consumable products and depreciation and amortization of leasehold improvements, intangible
      assets and land use rights. Manachised hotel operating costs primarily include compensation and
      benefits for manachised hotel managers and other limited number of employees directly hired
      by us, which are recouped by us in the form of monthly service fees. We anticipate that our hotel
      operating costs in absolute amount will increase as we continue to open new hotels. Our hotel
      operating costs as a percentage of our total revenue may change from period to period mainly
      driven by three factors: (i) the hotel operating costs as a percentage of revenues from our leased
      and owned hotels, (ii) the operating costs, mainly personnel costs, as a percentage of revenues
      from the manachised and franchised business and (iii) the weight of manachised and franchised
      hotels in our revenue mix.


•     Selling and Marketing Expenses . Our selling and marketing expenses consist primarily of
      commissions to travel intermediaries, expenses for marketing programs and materials, bank fees
      for processing bank card payments, and compensation and benefits for our sales and marketing
      personnel, including personnel at our centralized reservation center. We expect that our selling
      and marketing expenses will increase as our sales increase and as we further expand into new
      geographic locations and promote our brands.


•     General and Administrative Expenses . Our general and administrative expenses consist primarily
      of compensation and benefits for our corporate and regional office employees and other
      employees who are not sales and marketing or hotel-based employees, travel and communication
      expenses of our general and administrative staff, costs of third-party professional services, and
      office expenses for corporate and regional offices. We expect that our general and administrative
      expenses will increase as we hire additional personnel and incur additional costs in connection
      with the expansion of our business.


•     Pre-opening Expenses . Our pre-opening expenses consist primarily of rents, personnel cost, and
      other miscellaneous expenses incurred prior to the opening of a new leased or owned hotel.


Our pre-opening expenses are largely determined by the number of pre-opening hotels in the pipeline and
the rental fees incurred during the development stage. Landlords typically offer a two- to eight-month
rent-free period at the beginning of the lease. Nevertheless, rental is booked during this period on a
straight-line basis. Therefore, a portion of pre-opening expenses is non-cash rental expenses. For certain
of our hotels (under Deutsche Hospitality), the landlords are responsible for renovating the hotels (other
than soft furnishing) and we are not required to pay rent until this renovation is completed. The following
table sets forth the components of our pre-opening expenses for the periods indicated.




                                                                     Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   57
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



                                                                     Year Ended December 31,
                                                          2019                 2020                 2021
                                                         (RMB)              (RMB)               (RMB)        (US$)
                                                                               (In millions)

     Rents                                                  460                 251                68          11
     Personnel cost                                             14               15                 5           1
     Others                                                     28               22                 8           1
     Total pre-opening expenses                             502                 288                81          13


     Our hotel operating costs, selling and marketing expenses and general and administrative expenses
     include share-based compensation expenses. The following table sets forth the allocation of our
     share-based compensation expenses, both in absolute amount and as a percentage of total share-based
     compensation expenses, among the cost and expense items set forth below.


                                                         Year Ended December 31,
                                  2019                   2020                                       2021
                                  (RMB)           %     (RMB)             %           (RMB)        (US$)        %
                                                       (In millions except percentages)

     Hotel operating costs          35          31.8       42           34.4               39            6    35.8
     Selling and marketing
       expenses                      3           2.7        4            3.3                4            1     3.7
     General and administrative
       expenses                     72          65.5       76           62.3               66           10    60.5
     Total share-based
       compensation expenses       110         100.0      122          100.0              109           17   100.0


     We adopted our 2007 Global Share Plan and 2008 Global Share Plan in February and June 2007,
     respectively, expanded the 2008 Global Share Plan in October 2008, adopted the 2009 Share Incentive
     Plan in September 2009, and expanded the 2009 Share Incentive Plan in October 2009, August 2010
     and March 2015. We did not grant any options to purchase our ordinary shares in 2019, 2020 and 2021.
     We granted 6,780,430, 4,934,070 and 2,163,420 shares of restricted stock in 2019, 2020 and 2021,
     respectively. We recognized share-based compensation as compensation expenses in the statement
     of comprehensive income based on the fair value of equity awards on the date of the grant, with the
     compensation expenses recognized over the period in which the recipient is required to provide service
     to us in exchange for the equity award. Share-based compensation expenses have been categorized
     as hotel operating costs, general and administrative expenses, or selling and marketing expenses,
     depending on the job functions of the grantees.




58   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA . We use earnings before interest income, interest expense, income tax
expense (benefit) and depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA, a non-GAAP financial measure, to
assess our results of operations before the impact of investing and financing transactions and income
taxes. Given the significant investments that we have made in leasehold improvements, depreciation
and amortization expense comprises a significant portion of our cost structure. We believe that EBITDA
is widely used by other companies in the lodging industry and may be used by investors as a measure of
our financial performance. We also use Adjusted EBITDA, another non-GAAP measure, which is defined
as EBITDA before share-based compensation expenses and unrealized gains (losses) from fair value
changes of equity securities. We present Adjusted EBITDA because it is used by our management to
evaluate our operating performance. We also believe that Adjusted EBITDA provides useful information to
investors and others in understanding and evaluating our consolidated results of operations in the same
manner as our management and in comparing financial results across accounting periods and to those
of our peer companies.


The following tables present certain unaudited financial data and selected operating data for the periods
indicated:


                                                                                 Year Ended December 31,
                                                                        2019              2020                   2021
                                                                       (RMB)             (RMB)             (RMB)             (US$)
                                                                                           (In millions)

Non-GAAP Financial Data
EBITDA(1)                                                               3,555              (631)           1,366               215
Adjusted EBITDA    (1)
                                                                        3,349              (244)           1,571               247


(1)   We believe that EBITDA is a useful financial metric to assess our operating and financial performance before the impact of
      investing and financing transactions and income taxes. Given the significant investments that we have made in leasehold
      improvements, depreciation and amortization expense comprises a significant portion of our cost structure. In addition, we
      believe that EBITDA is widely used by other companies in the lodging industry and may be used by investors as a measure of
      our financial performance. We believe that EBITDA will provide investors with a useful tool for comparability between periods
      because it eliminates depreciation and amortization expense attributable to capital expenditures. We also use Adjusted
      EBITDA, which is defined as EBITDA before share-based compensation expenses and unrealized gains (losses) from fair value
      changes of equity securities. We present Adjusted EBITDA because it is used by our management to evaluate our operating
      performance. We also believe that Adjusted EBITDA provides useful information to investors and others in understanding
      and evaluating our consolidated results of operations in the same manner as our management and in comparing financial
      results across accounting periods and to those of our peer companies. Our calculation of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA does
      not deduct foreign exchange loss of RMB35 million and RMB317 million (US$50 million) in 2019 and 2021, respectively, and
      foreign exchange gain of RMB175 million in 2020. The presentation of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA should not be construed
      as an indication that our future results will be unaffected by other charges and gains we consider to be outside the ordinary
      course of our business.

      The use of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA has certain limitations. Depreciation and amortization expense for various long-term
      assets, income tax, interest income and interest expense have been and will be incurred and are not reflected in the
      presentation of EBITDA. Share-based compensation expenses and unrealized gains (losses) from fair value changes of equity
      securities have been and will be incurred and are not reflected in the presentation of Adjusted EBITDA. Each of these items
      should also be considered in the overall evaluation of our results. Additionally, EBITDA or Adjusted EBITDA does not consider
      capital expenditures and other investing activities and should not be considered as a measure of our liquidity. We compensate
      for these limitations by providing the relevant disclosure of our depreciation and amortization, interest income, interest
      expense, income tax expense, share-based compensation expenses, unrealized gains (losses) from fair value changes of
      equity securities, capital expenditures and other relevant items both in our reconciliations to the U.S. GAAP financial measures
      and in our consolidated financial statements, all of which should be considered when evaluating our performance.




                                                                                     Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021             59
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


            The terms EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are not defined under U.S. GAAP, and neither EBITDA nor Adjusted EBITDA is a
            measure of net income, operating income, operating performance or liquidity presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. When
            assessing our operating and financial performance, you should not consider this data in isolation or as a substitute for our
            net income, operating income or any other operating performance measure that is calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP.
            In addition, our EBITDA or Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to EBITDA or Adjusted EBITDA or similarly titled measures
            utilized by other companies since such other companies may not calculate EBITDA or Adjusted EBITDA in the same manner as
            we do.


     A reconciliation of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA to net income, which is the most directly comparable U.S.
     GAAP measure, is provided below:


                                                                             For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                                       2019               2020                    2021
                                                                      (RMB)              (RMB)              (RMB)              (US$)
                                                                                           (In millions)

     Net income (loss) attributable to our
       company                                                         1,769             (2,192)              (465)               (73)
       Interest income                                                  (160)              (119)               (89)               (14)
       Interest expense                                                  315                533                405                 64
       Income tax expense (benefit)                                      640               (215)                12                   2
       Depreciation and amortization                                     991              1,362             1,503                 236
     EBITDA (Non-GAAP)                                                 3,555               (631)            1,366                 215
       Share-based compensation expenses                                 110                122                109                 17
       Unrealized (gains) losses from fair value
         changes of equity securities                                   (316)               265                 96                 15
       Adjusted EBITDA (Non-GAAP)                                      3,349               (244)            1,571                 247


     Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities . Our net cash provided by operating activities is primarily
     attributable to our net income, add-backs from share-based compensation expenses, depreciation
     and amortization, impairment loss, noncash lease expense, investment loss (income) and changes
     in operating assets and liabilities. We use net cash provided by operating activities to assess the
     cash generation capability and return profile of our business. Compared with adjusted EBITDA, net
     cash provided by operating activities neutralizes the impact of straight-line based rental accounting
     and timing difference in certain areas of revenue recognition when assessing the return profile and
     profitability of our business. We had net cash provided by operating activities of RMB3,293 million and
     RMB609 million in 2019 and 2020, respectively. The year-over-year decrease from 2019 to 2020 was
     mainly due to the impact of COVID-19. Primarily due to the gradual recovery from COVID-19 in 2021, we
     had net cash provided by operating activities of RMB1,342 million (US$210 million) in 2021. We expect
     that our net cash provided by operating activities will increase as we further expand our hotel network
     after the negative impact of COVID-19 gradually diminishes.




60   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



TAXATION
We are incorporated in the Cayman Islands. Under the current laws of the Cayman Islands, the British
Virgin Islands and Seychelles, our subsidiaries are not subject to tax on income or capital gain. Under
the current laws of Singapore, companies are subject to Singapore corporate income tax at a rate of
17%. Under the current laws of Germany, companies are subject to income tax at a standard rate of 15%
(15.825% including solidarity surcharge), plus municipal trade tax of 7%-17%. Companies established
in Japan are subject to Japan corporate income tax at a rate of 23.2% (30%-34% including local taxes).
Companies established in Hong Kong are subject to Hong Kong profit tax at a rate of 16.5%. Companies
established in Taiwan are subject to Taiwan corporate income tax at a rate of 20%.


On March 16, 2007, the National People’s Congress passed the Enterprise Income Tax Law and on
December 6, 2007, the PRC State Council issued the Implementation Regulations of the Enterprise
Income Tax Law, both of which became effective on January 1, 2008. The Enterprise Income Tax Law
was most recently amended in December 2018. The Enterprise Income Tax Law and its Implementation
Regulations, or the EIT Law, apply a uniform 25% enterprise income tax rate to both foreign-invested
enterprises and domestic enterprises.


The EIT Law imposes a withholding tax of 10% on dividends distributed by a PRC foreign-invested
enterprise to its immediate holding company outside of China, if such immediate holding company
is considered a “non-resident enterprise” without any establishment or place within China or if the
dividends received have no connection with the establishment or place of such immediate holding
company within China, unless such immediate holding company’s jurisdiction of incorporation has a
tax treaty with China that provides for a different withholding tax rate. A holding company which is a
tax resident in Hong Kong, for example, would be subject to a 5% withholding tax rate on the dividends
received from its PRC subsidiary if it owns at least 25% equity in the PRC subsidiary and is the beneficial
owner of the dividends. See “Risk Factors – Risks Related to Doing Business in China – It is unclear
whether we will be considered as a PRC resident enterprise under the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the
PRC, and depending on the determination of our PRC resident enterprise status, if we are not treated as a
PRC resident enterprise, dividends paid to us by our PRC subsidiaries will be subject to PRC withholding
tax; if we are treated as a PRC resident enterprise, we may be subject to 25% PRC income tax on our
worldwide income, and holders of our ADSs or ordinary shares that are non-PRC resident investors may
be subject to PRC withholding tax on dividends on and gains realized on their transfer of our ADSs or
ordinary shares.”


RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
The following table sets forth a summary of our consolidated results of operations, both in absolute
amount and as a percentage of total revenues for the periods indicated. This information should be read
together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this annual
report.


We have grown rapidly since we began our current business of operating and managing a multi-brand
hotel group in 2007. Our relatively limited operating history makes it difficult to predict our future
operating results. We believe that the year-to-year comparison of operating results should not be relied
upon as being indicative of future performance.



                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   61
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



                                                                              Year Ended December 31,
                                                         2019                      2020                            2021
                                                     RMB            %          RMB            %          (RMB)      (US$)          %
                                                                            (In millions except percentages)

     Consolidated Statement of
       Comprehensive Income Data:
     Revenues:
       Leased and owned hotels                      7,718         68.8        6,908         67.8          8,118     1,274        63.5
       Manachised and franchised hotels             3,342         29.8        3,136         30.8          4,404          691     34.4
       Others                                         152          1.4          152          1.4           263            41      2.1
     Total revenues                                11,212        100.0       10,196        100.0         12,785     2,006       100.0
     Operating costs and expenses(1):
       Hotel operating costs                        7,190         64.1        9,729         95.4         11,282     1,770        88.3
       Other operating costs                           57          0.5           52          0.5            58             9      0.4
       Selling and marketing expenses                 426          3.8          597          5.9           641           101      5.0
       General and administrative expenses          1,061          9.5        1,259         12.3          1,545          242     12.1
       Pre-opening expenses                           502          4.5          288          2.8            81            13      0.6
       Total operating costs and expenses           9,236         82.4       11,925        116.9         13,607     2,135       106.4
       Goodwill impairment loss                         –               –       437          4.3               –          –        –
       Other operating income, net                    132          1.2          480          4.7           986           155      7.7
       Income (loss) from operations                2,108         18.8       (1,686)       (16.5)          164            26      1.3
       Interest income                                160          1.4          119          1.2            89            14      0.7
       Interest expenses                              315          2.8          533          5.2           405            64      3.2
       Other income (expense), net                    331          3.0          (89)        (0.9)          157            25      1.2
       Unrealized gain (loss) from fair value
           changes of equity securities               316          2.8         (265)        (2.6)           (96)         (15)    (0.7)
     Foreign exchange (loss) gain                      (35)       (0.3)         175          1.7           (317)         (50)    (2.5)
     Income (loss) before income taxes              2,565         22.9       (2,279)       (22.3)          (408)         (64)    (3.2)
     Income tax expense (benefit)                     640          5.7         (215)         2.1            12             2      0.1
     Loss from equity method investments             (164)        (1.5)        (140)        (1.4)           (60)          (9)    (0.5)
     Net income (loss)                              1,761         15.7       (2,204)       (21.6)          (480)         (75)    (3.8)
     Less: net loss attributable to
       noncontrolling interest                          (8)       (0.1)         (12)        (0.1)           (15)          (2)    (0.1)
     Net income (loss) attributable to Huazhu
       Group Limited                                1,769         15.8       (2,192)       (21.5)          (465)         (73)    (3.7)


     Note:

     (1)       Includes share-based compensation expenses as follows:

                                                                                          Year Ended December 31,
                                                                              2019              2020               2021
                                                                             (RMB)             (RMB)           (RMB)            (US$)
                                                                                                 (In millions)

               Share-based compensation expenses                                110                122             109            17




62   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED DECEMBER
31, 2020
Total Revenues . Our total revenues increased by 25.4% from RMB10,196 million in 2020 to RMB12,785
million (US$2,006 million) in 2021. This increase was primarily due to the gradual recovery from COVID-19
in China, which resulted in higher occupancy rates and RevPAR of our Legacy Huazhu hotels. Legacy
Huazhu’s total revenues for 2021 were RMB11,247 million (US$1,765 million), representing a 29.8%
increase compared to 2020.


•     Leased and Owned Hotels. Total revenues from our leased and owned hotels increased by 17.5%
      from RMB6,908 million in 2020 to RMB8,118 million (US$1,274 million) in 2021. This increase was
      primarily due to relief from the impact of COVID-19 in China, as a result of which the RevPAR for
      legacy Huazhu’s leased and owned hotels (excluding those under governmental requisition), was
      RMB202 in 2021, compared to RMB166 for all of our leased and owned hotels in 2020. Legacy
      Huazhu’s total revenues from leased and owned hotels in 2021 were RMB6,674 million (US$1,047
      million), representing a 22.7% increase compared to 2020. This increase was partially offset by
      a decrease in revenue from the leased hotels of Deutsche Hospitality due to the depreciation
      in Euro, although the revenue from the leased hotels of Deutsche Hospitality in Euro increased
      slightly from 2020 to 2021.


•     Manachised and Franchised Hotels . Total revenues from our manachised and franchised hotels
      increased by 40.4% from RMB3,136 million in 2020 to RMB4,404 million (US$691 million) in 2021.
      This increase was primarily due to relief from the impact of COVID-19. Legacy Huazhu’s total
      revenues from manachised and franchised hotels in 2021 were RMB4,342 million (US$681 million),
      representing a 40.4% increase compared to 2020. Legacy-DH’s total revenues from manachised
      and franchised hotels in 2021 was RMB62 million, representing a 44.2% year-over-year increase
      due to the strong recovery of leisure travel, especially for Egypt.


•     Other Revenues . Other revenues increased by 73.0% from RMB152 million in 2020 to RMB263
      million (US$41 million) in 2021.


Operating Costs and Expenses . Our total operating costs and expenses increased by 14.1% from
RMB11,925 million in 2020 to RMB13,607 million (US$2,135 million) in 2021.


•     Hotel Operating Costs . Our hotel operating costs increased by 16.0% from RMB9,729 million in
      2020 to RMB11,282 million (US$1,770 million) in 2021. This increase was primarily due to higher
      rental costs in relation to our leased upscale hotels and acquired CitiGO hotels, higher personnel
      costs in relation to continuous hotel network expansion, and intangible assets impairment
      loss mainly related to legacy DH. Our hotel operating costs as a percentage of total revenues
      decreased from 95.4% in 2020 to 88.3% in 2021. The year-over-year decrease in the percentage
      was mainly attributable to recovery in our revenue from the impact of COVID-19. Legacy Huazhu’s
      hotel operating costs in 2021 were RMB8.8 billion, representing 78.3% of legacy Huazhu’s total
      revenues.




                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   63
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     •     Selling and Marketing Expenses . Our selling and marketing expenses increased by 7.4% from
            RMB597 million in 2020 to RMB641 million (US$101 million) in 2021. Our selling and marketing
            expenses as a percentage of total revenues decreased from 5.9% in 2020 to 5.0% in 2021,
            primarily attributable to revenue from the impact of COVID-19. Legacy Huazhu’s selling and
            marketing expenses in 2021 were RMB460 million (US$72 million), representing 4.1% of legacy
            Huazhu’s total revenues.


     •     General and Administrative Expenses . Our general and administrative expenses increased by
            22.7% from RMB1,259 million in 2020 to RMB1,545 million (US$242 million) in 2021. Our general
            and administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenues from remained relatively flat at
            12.3% in 2020 and 12.1% in 2021. Legacy Huazhu’s general and administrative expenses in 2021
            were RMB1,164 million (US$183 million), represented 10.3% of legacy Huazhu’s total revenues,
            compared to RMB893 million in 2020. The increase was mainly due to investments in our business
            development team, our information technology, and our upscale hotel division.


     •     Pre-opening Expenses . Our pre-opening expenses decreased by 71.9% from RMB288 million in
            2020 to RMB81 million (US$13 million) in 2021. Our pre-opening expenses as a percentage of total
            revenues decreased from 2.8% in 2020 to 0.6% in 2021. The decrease was mainly attributable to
            the opening of certain upscale hotels in 2020. Our pre-opening expenses in 2021 was primarily
            from legacy Huazhu.


     Other Operating Income, Net. Our other operating income increased significantly from RMB480 million
     in 2020 to RMB986 million (US$155 million) in 2021, which was mainly attributable to COVID-19 related
     subsidy income for our legacy DH.


     Income (Loss) from Operations . As a result of the foregoing, we had income from operations of RMB164
     million (US$26 million) in 2021, compared to loss from operations of RMB1,686 million in 2020. Legacy
     Huazhu’s income from operations in 2021 was RMB891 million (US$140 million).


     Interest Income (Expense), Net . Our net interest expense was RMB316 million (US$50 million) in 2021.
     Our interest income was RMB89 million (US$14 million), and our interest expense was RMB405 million
     (US$64 million) in 2021. Our net interest expense was RMB414 million in 2020. Our interest income was
     RMB119 million, and our interest expense was RMB533 million in 2020. The decrease in our net interest
     expense was primarily due to a decrease in bank borrowings in 2021.


     Other Income (Expense), Net . We recorded other income, net of RMB157 million (US$25 million) in 2021,
     compared to other expense, net of RMB89 million in 2020. This change was primarily attributable to the
     realized gain from partial disposal of Accor’s shares in 2021.




64   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Unrealized Gains (Losses) from Fair Value Changes of Equity Securities . Unrealized gains (losses)
from fair value changes of equity securities mainly represents the unrealized gains (losses) from our
investment in equity securities with readily determinable fair values, such as Accor hotels. Our unrealized
losses from fair value changes of equity securities were RMB96 million (US$15 million) in 2021, primarily
due to decrease in the price of Accor’s shares we held. We had unrealized losses from fair value changes
of equity securities of RMB265 million in 2020.


Foreign Exchange (Loss) Gain . Our foreign exchange losses was RMB317 million (US$50 million) in 2021,
compared to our foreign exchange gain of RMB175 million in 2020. Our foreign exchange losses in 2021
was primarily attributable to the exchange loss related to our investment in Accor in Euro.


Income Tax (Expense) Benefit . Our income tax expense was RMB12 million (US$2 million) in 2021,
compared to income tax benefit of RMB215 million in 2020. Our effective tax rate in 2021 was negative
2.9%, compared with 9.4% in 2020. The negative effective tax rate in 2021 primarily resulted from the
valuation allowance provided for deferred tax assets.


Equity Method Investments . Our loss from equity method investments decreased from RMB140 million in
2020 to RMB60 million (US$9 million) in 2021, primarily due to the relief of losses incurred by certain of
our investee companies from the impact of COVID-19.


Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest . Net income attributable to noncontrolling
interest represents joint venture partners’ share of our net income or loss based on their equity interest
in the leased and owned hotels owned by the joint ventures which are controlled and consolidated by
us. Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest was RMB15 million (US$2 million) in 2021, primarily
due to losses from certain of our joint ventures. The net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest was
RMB12 million in 2020.


Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Huazhu Group Limited . As a result of the foregoing, net loss
attributable to Huazhu Group Limited decreased from RMB2,192 million in 2020 to RMB465 million
(US$73 million) in 2021. In 2021, legacy Huazhu’s net income attributable to Huazhu Group Limited was
RMB153 million (US$24 million).


EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA . EBITDA (non-GAAP) was RMB1,366 million (US$215 million) in 2021,
compared with negative RMB631 million in 2020. Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP) was RMB1,571 million
(US$247 million) in 2021, compared with negative RMB244 million in 2020. This change was primarily
due to relief from the impact of COVID-19 in 2021. In 2021, legacy Huazhu’s EBITDA (non-GAAP) was
RMB1,827 million (US$287 million) and adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP) was RMB2,032 million (US$319
million).




                                                                     Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   65
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED DECEMBER
     31, 2019
     Total Revenues . Our total revenues decreased by 9.1% from RMB11,212 million in 2019 to RMB10,196
     million in 2020. This decrease was primarily due to the impact of COVID-19, which resulted in lower
     occupancy rates and RevPAR of our hotels and the temporary closure of a large number of our hotels
     in China. Legacy Huazhu’s total revenues for 2020 were RMB8.7 billion, representing a 22.7% decrease
     compared to 2019. The decrease in our revenue was offset in part by our consolidation of Deutsche
     Hospitality, which we acquired on January 2, 2020. However, due to the COVID-19 outbreak in Europe
     since March 2020, Deutsche Hospitality’s operation results were also adversely affected in 2020.


     •     Leased and Owned Hotels . Total revenues from our leased and owned hotels decreased by 10.5%
            from RMB7,718 million in 2019 to RMB6,908 million in 2020. This decrease was primarily due to (i)
            the temporary closure of a number of our leased and owned hotels in China and (ii) the decreased
            RevPAR for legacy Huazhu’s leased and owned hotels (excluding those under governmental
            requisition), which was RMB166 in 2020, compared to RMB240 for all of our leased and owned
            hotels in 2019. Legacy Huazhu’s total revenues from leased and owned hotels in 2020 were
            RMB5.4 billion, representing a 29.5% decrease compared to 2019. This decrease was offset in
            part by our consolidation of the revenue from the leased hotels of Deutsche Hospitality.


     •     Manachised and Franchised Hotels . Total revenues from our manachised and franchised hotels
            decreased by 6.2% from RMB3,342 million in 2019 to RMB3,136 million in 2020. This decrease was
            primarily due to (i) the temporary closure of a number of our manachised and franchised hotels;
            and (ii) the decreased RevPAR for legacy Huazhu’s manachised and franchised hotels (excluding
            those under governmental requisition), which was RMB146 in 2020, compared to RMB188 for all of
            our manachised and franchised hotels in 2019. Legacy Huazhu’s total revenues from manachised
            and franchised hotels in 2020 were RMB3.1 billion, representing a 7.5% decrease compared to
            2019.


     •     Other Revenues . Other revenues were RMB152 million in 2020, same as in 2019.


     Operating Costs and Expenses . Our total operating costs and expenses increased by 29.1% from
     RMB9,236 million in 2019 to RMB11,925 million in 2020.


     •     Hotel Operating Costs . Our hotel operating costs increased by 35.3% from RMB7,190 million
            in 2019 to RMB9,729 million in 2020. This increase was primarily due to our consolidation of
            Deutsche Hospitality. Our hotel operating costs as a percentage of total revenues increased
            from 64.1% in 2019 to 95.4% in 2020. The year-over-year increase in the percentage was mainly
            attributable to the decrease in our revenue. Legacy Huazhu’s hotel operating costs in 2020 were
            RMB7.4 billion, representing 85.1% of legacy Huazhu’s total revenues.




66   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


•     Selling and Marketing Expenses . Our selling and marketing expenses increased by 40.1%
      from RMB426 million in 2019 to RMB597 million in 2020. This increase was mainly due to our
      consolidation of Deutsche Hospitality. Our selling and marketing expenses as a percentage of
      total revenues increased from 3.8% in 2019 to 5.9% in 2020, primarily attributable to the decrease
      in our revenue. Legacy Huazhu’s selling and marketing expenses in 2020 were RMB388 million,
      representing 4.5% of legacy Huazhu’s total revenues.


•     General and Administrative Expenses . Our general and administrative expenses increased by
      18.7% from RMB1,061 million in 2019 to RMB1,259 million in 2020. Our general and administrative
      expenses as a percentage of total revenues increased from 9.5% in 2019 to 12.3% in 2020. The
      increase was mainly attributable to the decrease in our total revenues. Legacy Huazhu’s general
      and administrative expenses in 2020 were RMB893 million, represented 10.3% of legacy Huazhu’s
      revenue. The decline in legacy Huazhu’s general and administrative expenses in 2020 was mainly
      due to our cost-cutting initiatives, such as streamlining of head office headcounts.


•     Pre-opening Expenses . Our pre-opening expenses decreased by 42.6% from RMB502 million in
      2019 to RMB288 million in 2020. Our pre-opening expenses as a percentage of total revenues
      decreased from 4.5% in 2019 to 2.8% in 2020. The decrease was mainly attributable to the
      decrease in the hotels under development. Our pre-opening expenses in 2020 was primarily from
      legacy Huazhu.


Goodwill impairment loss . We incurred goodwill impairment loss of RMB437 million in 2020, which was
related to goodwill acquired from the acquisition of Deutsche Hospitality.


Other Operating Income, Net . Our other operating income increased significantly from RMB132 million in
2019 to RMB480 million in 2020, which mainly attributable to subsidy income and insurance income from
Deutsche Hospitality due to COVID-19.


Income (Loss) from Operations . As a result of the foregoing, we had loss from operations of RMB1,686
million in 2020, compared to income from operations of RMB2,108 million in 2019. Legacy Huazhu’s loss
from operations in 2020 was RMB100 million.


Interest Income (Expense), Net . Our net interest expense was RMB414 million in 2020. Our interest
income was RMB119 million, and our interest expense was RMB533 million in 2020. Our net interest
expense was RMB155 million in 2019. Our interest income was RMB160 million, and our interest expense
was RMB315 million in 2019. The increase in our net interest expense was primarily due to increased
bank borrowings in 2020 compared to 2019 and issuance of the 2026 Notes.


Other Income (Expense), Net . We recorded other expense, net of RMB89 million in 2020, compared to
other income, net of RMB331 million in 2019. Other expense, net in 2020 was primarily attributable to
impairment loss on investments totaling RMB92 million.




                                                                    Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   67
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Unrealized Gains (Losses) from Fair Value Changes of Equity Securities . Our unrealized losses from fair
     value changes of equity securities were RMB265 million in 2020, primarily due to decreases in the prices
     of Accor’s shares. We had unrealized gains from fair value changes of equity securities of RMB316 million
     in 2019. Unrealized gains (losses) from fair value changes of equity securities mainly represents the
     unrealized gains (losses) from our investment in equity securities with readily determinable fair values,
     such as Accor hotels.


     Foreign Exchange (Loss) Gain . Our foreign exchange gain was RMB175 million in 2020, compared to
     our foreign exchange loss of RMB35 million in 2019. Our foreign exchange gain in 2020 was primarily
     attributable to the exchange gain related to our investment in Accor in Euro.


     Income Tax (Expense) Benefit . Our income tax benefit was RMB215 million in 2020, compared to income
     tax expense of RMB640 million in 2019. Our effective tax rate in 2020 was 9.4%, which decreased from
     25.0% in 2019. The relative low effective tax rate in 2020 primarily resulted from certain non-taxable
     loss of the fair value changes in equity securities investments and the valuation allowance provided for
     deferred tax assets.


     Equity Method Investments . Our loss from equity method investments decreased from RMB164 million in
     2019 to RMB140 million in 2020, primarily due to loss incurred by certain of our investee companies.


     Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest . Net income attributable to noncontrolling
     interest represents joint venture partners’ share of our net income or loss based on their equity interest
     in the leased and owned hotels owned by the joint ventures which are controlled and consolidated by us.
     Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest was RMB12 million in 2020, primarily due to losses from
     certain of our joint ventures. The net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest was RMB8 million in
     2019.


     Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Huazhu Group Limited . As a result of the foregoing, net loss attributable
     to Huazhu Group Limited was RMB2,192 million in 2020, compared to net income attributable to Huazhu
     Group Limited of RMB1,769 million in 2019. Excluding share-based compensation expenses and the
     unrealized gains (losses) from fair value changes of equity securities, adjusted net loss attributable to
     Huazhu Group Limited (non-GAAP) for the full year of 2020 was RMB1.8 billion. In 2020, legacy Huazhu’s
     net loss attributable to Huazhu Group Limited was RMB847 million and adjusted net loss attributable to
     Huazhu Group Limited (non-GAAP) was RMB459 million.


     EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA . EBITDA (non-GAAP) was negative RMB631 million in 2020, compared with
     RMB3,555 million in 2019. Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP) was negative RMB244 million in 2020, compared
     with RMB3,349 million in 2019. This change was primarily due to the impact of COVID-19. In 2020,
     legacy Huazhu’s EBITDA (non-GAAP) was RMB736 million and adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP) was negative
     RMB1.1 billion.




68   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



OUTSTANDING INDEBTEDNESS
In November 2017, we issued US$475 million of the 2022 Notes. The 2022 Notes will mature on
November 1, 2022 and bear interest at a rate of 0.375% per annum, payable in arrears semi-annually on
May 1 and November 1, beginning May 1, 2018. In 2017, proceeds to us were RMB3,093 million (US$467
million), net of issuance costs of RMB54 million (US$8 million). The Notes can be converted into our ADSs
at an initial conversion rate of 5.4869, before the ADS split, subject to change, of our ADSs per US$1,000
principal amount of the Notes (equivalent to an initial conversion price of US$182.25 per ADS). Holders of
the Notes may require the Company to repurchase all or a portion of the Notes for cash on November 2,
2020, or upon a fundamental change, at a repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount, plus
accrued and unpaid interest. In November 2020, we completed put right offer relating to the 2022 Notes.
US$6,000 aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Notes were validly surrendered and not withdrawn
prior to the expiration of the put right offer.


In March 2019, we entered into a five-year RMB1.2 billion bank loan contract which will expire in March
2024. The interest rate resets every six months, and is based on the People’s Bank of China five-year
benchmark interest rate on the relevant reset date. The loan contains certain financial covenants
including an EBITDA to interest coverage ratio and net tangible assets. In 2020, we obtained an
exemption approval for this credit facility waiving the EBITDA to interest coverage ratio covenant until the
six-months period ending June 30, 2021, subject to the satisfaction of certain amended covenants. We
repaid RMB179 million in 2020. As of December 31, 2021, we had repaid all the bank borrowings under
this facility. The weighted average interest rate of borrowings drawn under this agreement was 4.75% for
2020 and 2021.


In December 2019, we entered into a EUR440 million term facility and US$500 million revolving credit
facility agreement with several banks. The US$500 million revolving credit facility is available for 35
months from the date of this agreement. The interest rate for each interest period is the aggregate of (i)
the applicable margin and (ii) LIBOR (or, in relation to any loan in Euro, EURIBOR). The margin for each
loan depends on the applicable leverage range, generally 2.0% per annum. There are some financial
covenants including an EBITDA to interest coverage ratio and total equity related to these facilities. On
April 17, 2020, our syndication banks approved to release us from the original financial covenants until
the six-month period ending June 30, 2021, subject to the satisfaction of certain amended covenants.
On December 11, 2020, we obtained a supplemental exemption, which released certain additional
covenants contained in the wavier we obtained in April 2020. We have pledged shares of certain of our
subsidiaries to secure these facilities. Certain of our subsidiaries also provide subsidiary guarantee for
these facilities. We drew down EUR440 million and US$500 million under the facility agreement in 2019
and repaid nil in 2019. We had drawn down of US$200 million as of December 31, 2020 under the facility
agreement and repaid EUR1 million and US$700 million in 2020. The US$500 million revolving credit had
been fully paid off as of December 31, 2020. We did not drawn down new revolving credit loans and this
revolving credit facility was terminated in August 2021. Regarding the EUR440 million term facility, we
repaid EUR101 million in 2021. As of December 31, 2021, the outstanding loan amount is EUR338 million.
The weighted average interest rate of borrowings drawn under this agreement was 2.89% and 2.73% for
2020 and 2021, respectively.




                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   69
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     In May 2020, we issued US$500 million of the 2026 Notes. These notes will mature on May 1, 2026 and
     bear interest at a rate of 3.00% per annum, payable in arrears semi-annually on May 1 and November
     1, beginning November 1, 2020. The 2026 Notes can be converted into our ADSs at an initial conversion
     rate of 23.9710, subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events, of our ADSs per US$1,000
     principal amount of the notes (equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately US$41.72 per
     ADS). Holders of the notes may require the Company to repurchase all or a portion of the notes for cash
     on May 1, 2024, or upon a fundamental change, at a repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal
     amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest.


     In January 2021, we entered into a twelve-year RMB650 million syndicated loan contract, which
     will mature in December 2032. This special loan is used to finance the construction project of our
     headquarters. The interest rate resets every year, and is based on the People’s Bank of China five-year
     benchmark LPR minus 24 basis points on the pricing date. This special loan has financial covenants.
     As of December 31, 2021, we had RMB53 million outstanding under this facility. The weighted average
     interest rate of this loan was 4.41%, which was fully capitalized in 2021.


     As of December 31, 2021, the unutilized credit facility available to us was RMB3.3 billion.


     The temporary closure of our hotels and lower occupancy rate during the COVID-19 outbreak since
     January 2020 may trigger an event of default under our banking arrangements then. We have managed
     to obtain the required waiver since the outbreak of COVID-19 in 2020. We complied with the covenants
     under our existing facilities as of December 31, 2021.


     LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
     Our principal sources of liquidity have been cash generated from operating activities, proceeds from our
     global offering on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, borrowings from commercial banks and issuance of
     the 2026 Notes. As of December 31, 2020 and 2021, we had RMB7.0 billion and RMB5.1 billion (US$803
     million), respectively, in cash and cash equivalents. Our cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash
     consist of cash on hand, liquid investments which have maturities of three months or less when acquired
     and are unrestricted as to withdrawal or use, deposits used as security against borrowings, and deposits
     restricted due to contract disputes or lawsuits or special purpose. Our cash and cash equivalents as of
     December 31, 2021 were primarily consisted of Renminbi and U.S. dollar.


     Our businesses have been significantly impacted by the global outbreak of COVID-19 and experienced
     operating losses in the full year of 2020 and 2021. As of December 31, 2021, our current liabilities
     exceeded our current assets by RMB5,726 million (US$898.0 million), which was mainly attributed to
     the scheduled repayments of our 2022 Notes and the outstanding bank borrowing of EUR338 million
     in connection with our long-term facility of EUR440 million that will due in December 2022. These
     conditions and events may raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern within
     one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. The financial statements do not include
     any adjustments that might be necessary if we are unable to continue as a going concern.




70   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


We have implemented various hotel operation measures to improve hotel operations, negotiating with
landlords for rental reduction, reducing and postponing discretional capital expenditures, to improve our
operational performance and cash flow. Our management believes the relevant conditions and events
that raise substantial doubt on our going concern are mitigated by the following plans and actions:


•     We have the ability to sell our short-term investments that can be readily convertible into cash,
      the fair value of which was approximately RMB2,589 million as of December 31, 2021;


•     As of March 31, 2022, we had unused facilities of approximately RMB2,994 million. Based on our
      historical experience, requests for drawdowns will be approved by banks provided that we submit
      the required supporting documentation and the amount is within the credit limit granted;


In addition, we are in the process to obtain long term credit facilities from commercial banks. While
final approval has not been obtained, our management believe it is likely that such credit facilities can
be obtained to replace our existing long-term bank credit facility of EUR 440 million (RMB3,177 million)
due in December 2022. Based on the above factors, our management believes that adequate sources of
liquidity exist to fund our working capital and capital expenditures requirements, and to meet our other
liabilities and commitments as they become due for at least twelve months from the issuance of these
consolidated financial statements.


As of December 31, 2021, we had 46 properties for our leased and owned hotels under development. As
of December 31, 2021, we expected to incur approximately RMB1,251 million of capital expenditures in
connection with certain recently completed leasehold improvements and the funding of the leasehold
improvements of those 46 leased and owned hotels. We intend to fund this planned expansion with our
operating cash flow, our cash balance and our credit facilities.




                                                                     Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   71
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     The following table sets forth a summary of our cash flows for the periods indicated:


                                                                       Year Ended December 31,
                                                              2019            2020                  2021
                                                             (RMB)           (RMB)             (RMB)         (US$)
                                                                               (In millions)

     Net cash provided by operating activities                3,293             609            1,342           210
     Net cash used in investing activities                      285           8,101            1,402           219
     Net cash provided by (used in) financing
       activities                                             6,045             883            (1,801)         (283)
     Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and
       cash equivalents                                          62            (300)              (88)          (14)
     Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash
       equivalents and restricted cash                        9,115          (6,909)           (1,949)         (306)
     Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
       at the beginning of the year                           4,884          13,999            7,090         1,113
     Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
       at the end of the year                               13,999            7,090            5,141           807


     OPERATING ACTIVITIES
     In 2019, 2020 and 2021, we financed our operating activities primarily through cash generated from
     operations.


     Net cash provided by operating activities amounted to RMB1,342 million (US$210 million) in 2021,
     primarily attributable to (i) an add-back of RMB1,503 million (US$236 million) in depreciation and
     amortization and (ii) an add-back of RMB2.3 billion (US$361 million) in noncash lease expense, partially
     offset by (i) deferred taxes of RMB543 million (US$85 million), (ii) our net loss of RMB480 million (US$75
     million); (iii) decrease in operating lease liabilities of RMB2.1 billion (US$333 million); and (iv) decrease in
     accrued expenses and other current liabilities of RMB439 million (US$69 million).


     Net cash provided by operating activities amounted to RMB609 million in 2020, primarily attributable
     to (i) an add-back of RMB2,063 million in noncash lease expense, (ii) an add-back of RMB1,362 million
     in depreciation and amortization, and (iii) an add-back of RMB709 million in impairment loss, partially
     offset by (i) our net loss of RMB2,204 million, (ii) a decrease of RMB1,640 million in operating lease
     liability, and (iii) a deduction of RMB553 million in deferred taxes.




72   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Net cash provided by operating activities amounted to RMB3,293 million in 2019, primarily attributable
to (i) our net income of RMB1,761 million, (ii) an add-back of RMB2,235 million in noncash lease expense,
(iii) an add-back of RMB991 million in depreciation and amortization, and (iv) an increase of RMB408
million in accrued expenses and other current liabilities, partially offset by (i) a decrease in operating
lease liability of RMB2,036 million; and (ii) a deduction of investment income of RMB477 million.


Net cash provided by operating activities increased from RMB609 million in 2020 to RMB1,342 million
(US$210 million) in 2021, primarily due to recovery from COVID-19 which resulted in a change from net
loss of RMB2,204 million in 2020 to net loss of RMB480 million (US$75 million) in 2021, partially offset by
(i) a decrease in impairment loss from RMB709 million in 2020 to RMB380 million (US$60 million) in 2021
and (ii) an increase in changes of operating lease liabilities from RMB1,640 million in 2020 to RMB2,123
million (US$333 million) in 2021.


Net cash provided by operating activities decreased from RMB3,293 million in 2019 to RMB609 million
in 2020, primarily due to the impact of COVID-19, a change from net income of RMB1,761 million in 2019
to net loss of RMB2,204 million in 2020 and an increase in deferred taxes from RMB38 million in 2019 to
RMB553 million in 2020, partially offset by (i) an increase in impairment loss from RMB13 million in 2019
to RMB709 million in 2020, (ii) a change from investment income of RMB477 million in 2019 to investment
loss of RMB108 million in 2020, (iii) an increase in depreciation and amortization from RMB991 million in
2019 to RMB1,362 million in 2020.


INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Our cash used in investing activities in 2021 is primarily related to purchases of property and equipment
of RMB1,658 million million (US$260 million), proceeds from maturity/sale of investments of RMB1,494
million (US$235 million), acquisitions, net of cash received of RMB742 million (US$ 116 million), and
purchase of investments of RMB521 million (US$82 million).


Net cash used in investing activities decreased from RMB8,101 million in 2020 to RMB1,402 million
(US$219 million) in 2021, primarily due to (i) an decrease in acquisitions, net of cash received from
RMB5,060 million in 2020 to RMB742 million (US$116 million) in 2021, and (ii) purchase of investments
decreased from RMB1,702 million in 2020 to RMB521 million (US$82 million) in 2021, and (iii) an increase
in proceeds from maturity/sale of investments from RMB396 million in 2020 to RMB1,494 million
(US$235 million) in 2021.


Net cash used in investing activities increased from RMB285 million in 2019 to RMB8,101 million in
2020, primarily due to (i) an increase in acquisitions, net of cash received from RMB244 million in 2019 to
RMB5,060 million in 2020, which was primarily in connection with the acquisition of Deutsche Hospitality,
and (ii) purchase of short term and long term investments increased from RMB328 million to RMB1,702
million, which were primarily related to purchase of Accor’s shares, and (iii) a decrease in proceeds from
maturity/sale and return of investments from RMB2,002 million in 2019 to RMB396 million in 2020.




                                                                       Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   73
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     FINANCING ACTIVITIES
     Our major financing activities since 2019 consist of loans with commercial banks, proceeds from global
     offering on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, issuance of the 2026 Notes and payment of dividends.


     We had net cash provided by financing activities of RMB883 million in 2020, compared with net cash
     used in financing activities of RMB1,801 million (US$283 million) in 2021. Net cash used in financing
     activities in 2021 primarily consisted of proceeds from short-term bank borrowing of RMB2,288 million
     (US$359 million), offset of (i) repayment of short-term bank borrowings of RMB2,474 million (US$389
     million); and (ii) repayment of long-term bank borrowings of RMB1,650 million (US$259 million).


     Net cash provided by financing activities decreased from RMB6,045 million in 2019 to RMB883 million
     in 2020. Net cash provided by financing activities in 2020 primarily consisted of (i) net proceeds of
     RMB6,018 million from our global offering on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, (ii) proceeds from issuance
     of convertible senior notes, net of issuance cost of RMB3,499 million, (iii) proceeds from short-term bank
     borrowings of RMB1,658 million, and (iv) proceeds from long-term bank borrowings of RMB1,652 million,
     partially offset of (i) repayment of long-term bank borrowings of RMB9,163 million; and (ii) repayment of
     short-term bank borrowings of RMB1,993 million.


     Net cash provided by financing activities in 2019 primarily consisted of (i) proceeds of RMB13,176 million
     from long-term bank borrowings and (ii) proceeds of RMB2,214 million from short-term bank borrowings,
     partially offset by (i) repayment of long-term bank borrowings of RMB6,760 million and (ii) repayment of
     short-term bank borrowings of RMB1,902 million.


     RESTRICTIONS ON CASH TRANSFERS TO US
     We are a holding company with no material operations of our own. We conduct our operations primarily
     through our subsidiaries in China. As a result, our ability to pay dividends and to finance any debt we
     may incur depends upon dividends paid to us by our subsidiaries. If our subsidiaries or any newly formed
     subsidiaries incur debt on their own behalf in the future, the instruments governing their debt may
     restrict their ability to pay dividends to us. In addition, our subsidiaries are permitted to pay dividends to
     us only out of their retained earnings, if any, as determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards
     and regulations. Pursuant to laws applicable to entities incorporated in the PRC, our subsidiaries in the
     PRC must make appropriations from after-tax profit to non-distributable reserve funds. These reserve
     funds include one or more of the following: (i) a general reserve, (ii) an enterprise expansion fund and (iii)
     a staff bonus and welfare fund. Subject to certain cumulative limits, the general reserve fund requires
     an annual appropriation of 10% of after-tax profit (as determined under accounting principles generally
     accepted in the PRC at each year-end) until the accumulative amount of such reserve fund reaches 50%
     of its registered capital; the other fund appropriations are at the subsidiaries’ discretion. These reserve
     funds can only be used for the specific purposes of enterprise expansion, staff bonus and welfare,
     and are not distributable as cash dividends. In addition, due to restrictions on the distribution of share
     capital from our PRC subsidiaries, the share capital of our PRC subsidiaries, is considered restricted.
     As a result of the PRC laws and regulations, as of December 31, 2021, approximately RMB3,678 million
     (US$577 million) was not available for distribution to us by our PRC subsidiaries in the form of dividends,
     loans, or advances.




74   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Furthermore, under regulations of the SAFE, the Renminbi is not convertible into foreign currencies for
capital account items, such as loans, repatriation of investments and investments outside of China,
unless the prior approval of the SAFE is obtained and prior registration with the SAFE is made.


The EIT Law provides that enterprises established outside of China whose “de facto management bodies”
are located in China are considered resident enterprises. Currently, it is still unclear whether the PRC
tax authorities would determine that we should be classified as a PRC resident enterprise. See “Other
Information for Shareholders – Taxation – PRC Taxation.”


The EIT Law imposes a withholding tax of 10% on dividends distributed by a foreign-invested enterprise
to its immediate holding company outside of China, if such immediate holding company is considered
a non-resident enterprise without any establishment or place within China or if the received dividends
have no connection with the establishment or place of such immediate holding company within China,
unless such immediate holding company’s jurisdiction of incorporation has a tax treaty with China that
provides for a preferential withholding tax rate. A holding company which is a tax resident in Hong Kong,
for example, would be subject to a 5% withholding tax on dividends under the Tax Memorandum between
China and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region if the holding company is the beneficial owner of
the dividends and holds more than 25% of the PRC company. In 2018, we revised our dividend policy that
we may make a moderate dividend distribution every year with the range of 0.5% to 2.0% of its market
capitalization from current year net income starting from 2018. Our board of directors has complete
discretion in deciding whether to distribute dividends and the dividend amounts within the approved
range. We are restricted from distributing cash dividends until June 30, 2021 pursuant to the waiver from
certain financial covenants that we obtained on April 17, 2020 for the syndicated bank loans.


The EIT Law provides that PRC resident enterprises are generally subject to the uniform 25% enterprise
income tax rate on their worldwide income. Therefore, if we are treated as a PRC resident enterprise, we
will be subject to PRC income tax on our worldwide income at the 25% uniform tax rate, which could have
an impact on our effective tax rate and an adverse effect on our net income and results of operations,
although we would be exempted from enterprise income tax on dividends distributed from our PRC
subsidiaries to us, since such income received by PRC resident enterprise is tax exempted under the EIT
Law.


Our German subsidiaries are permitted to pay dividends from their distributable profit as long as there
are no agreements, such as debt covenants, that restrict such payments, in which regulations applying
to stock corporations (Aktiengesellschaft) have to be taken into account. Pursuant to the Companies Act
1967 of Singapore, dividends are only payable out of profits. Typically, the directors will recommend a
particular rate of dividend and the company will, in general meetings, declare the dividend subject to the
maximum recommended by the directors.


We do not expect any of such restrictions or taxes to have a material impact on our ability to meet our
cash obligations.




                                                                     Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   75
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     CAPITAL EXPENDITURE
     Our capital expenditures were incurred primarily in connection with leasehold improvements,
     investments in furniture, fixtures and equipment and technology, information and operational software.
     Our capital expenditures totaled RMB1,881 million, RMB1,533 million and RMB1,498 million (US$235
     million) in 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively. Our capital expenditures in 2021 consisted of RMB1,479
     million (US$232 million) in property and equipment and RMB19 million (US$3 million) in software and
     license. We will continue to make capital expenditures to meet the expected growth of our operations
     and expect our cash balance, cash generated from our operating activities and credit facilities will meet
     our capital expenditure needs in the foreseeable future.


     RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT, PATENTS AND
     LICENSES, ETC.
     See “Business Overview – Technology Infrastructure and Digitalization” and “- Intellectual Property”.


     TREND INFORMATION
     Jizhu Information and Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (“Jizhu Shanghai”), which was previously named
     as Mengguang Information and Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd, is a recognized software development
     entity located in Shanghai of PRC. In November 2018, Jizhu Shanghai was qualified as high and new tech
     enterprise, resulting in it being subject to a reduced tax rate of 15% in 2018, 2019 and 2020. In December
     2021, Jizhu Shanghai was qualified as high and new tech enterprise, resulting Jizhu Shanghai subject
     to a reduced tax rate of 15% in 2021,2022 and 2023. H-World Information and Technology Co., Ltd. is
     qualified as high and new tech enterprise, resulting in H-World Information and Technology Co., Ltd.
     being subject to a reduced tax rate of 15% in 2019, 2020 and 2021. Pursuant to the relevant regulations
     applicable to small and micro businesses, from January 1, 2019 to December 31, 2021, several PRC
     subsidiaries enjoy a preferential tax rate of 20% with a discount to taxable income. For entities with
     taxable income of less than RMB1 million, 75% of their taxable income would be exempted in tax
     computation, and for entities with taxable income over RMB1 million but less than RMB3 million, the
     discount would be 50%. Entities qualified as small and micro businesses should engage in industries
     which are not restricted or prohibited by the state and should simultaneously meet the following three
     conditions: annual taxable income does not exceed RMB3 million, the number of employees does not
     exceed 300, and the total assets does not exceed RMB50 million. The aggregate amount and per share
     effect of tax holidays were as follows:


                                                                         Year Ended December 31,
                                                                       2019             2020                2021
                                                                      (RMB)            (RMB)               (RMB)
                                                                    (In millions, except per share data)

     Aggregate amount                                                    45                31                 37
     Per share effect-basic                                             0.02             0.01               0.01
     Per share effect-diluted                                           0.01             0.01               0.01




76   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Other than as disclosed elsewhere in this annual report, we are not aware of any trends, uncertainties,
demands, commitments or events for the current fiscal year that are reasonably likely to have a material
adverse effect on our total revenues, income, profitability, liquidity or capital resources, or that caused
the disclosed financial information to be not necessarily indicative of future operating results or financial
conditions.


CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES
We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which requires our
management to make estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities and disclosures of
contingent assets and liabilities at the balance sheet dates, as well as the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during the reporting periods. To the extent that there are material differences between
these estimates and actual results, our financial condition or results of operations would be affected.
We base our estimates on our own historical experience and other assumptions that we believe are
reasonable after taking account of our circumstances and expectations for the future based on available
information. We evaluate these estimates on an ongoing basis.


Our expectations regarding the future are based on available information and assumptions that we
believe to be reasonable, which together form our basis for making judgments about matters that are not
readily apparent from other sources. Since the use of estimates is an integral component of the financial
reporting process, our actual results could differ from those estimates. Some of our accounting policies
require a higher degree of judgment than others in their application.


We consider an accounting estimate to be critical if: (i) the accounting estimate requires us to make
assumptions about matters that were highly uncertain at the time the accounting estimate was made,
and (ii) changes in the estimate that are reasonably likely to occur from period to period or use of
different estimates that we reasonably could have used in the current period, would have a material
impact on our financial condition or results of operations. There are other items within our financial
statements that require estimation but are not deemed critical, as defined above. Changes in estimates
used in these and other items could have a material impact on our financial statements. For a detailed
discussion of our significant accounting policies and related judgments, see “Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements – Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies”.


IMPAIRMENT OF GOODWILL AND BRAND NAMES ARISING FROM THE
ACQUISITION OF DEUTSCHE HOSPITALITY
Brand names are generally considered to have indefinite useful lives which are obtained through
business acquisitions and originally recorded at their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition.




                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   77
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Determining whether impairment indicators exist and estimating the fair value of our goodwill reporting
     units and intangible assets for impairment testing require significant judgment. Brand names are
     evaluated for impairment using an income approach utilizing the relief from royalty method. The
     determination of the fair value using the discount cash flow model requires our management to make
     significant estimates and assumptions related to projected hotels’ revenues, growth rates, projected
     operating cost, royalty saving rates and discount rates.


     The assumptions used to assess impairment consider historical trends, macroeconomic conditions, and
     projections are consistent with our operating strategy, which involves uncertainty due to the impact of
     COVID-19. Changes in these estimates can have a significant impact on the assessment of fair value
     which could result in material impairment losses.


     For the year ended December 31, 2021, we performed a quantitative assessment of goodwill for legacy
     DH. No goodwill impairment charges were recorded as a result of the testing. The estimated fair value
     of goodwill for legacy DH exceeded the calculated carrying value by more than 10%. A 5% decline in
     projected cash flows or increase in the discount rate would not result in an impairment.


     We also performed quantitative impairment testing for brand names for legacy DH. As of December 31,
     2021, the estimated fair value of one brand name acquired in DH acquisition was lower than its carrying
     value by approximately RMB160 million and impairment of RMB160 million was recognized. A 5%
     increase in the discount rate or decrease in royalty saving rate could reduce the fair value by RMB160
     million and RMB120 million. In addition, the estimated fair value of both the other two brand names
     acquired in DH acquisition exceeded their carrying value by more than 10% and no impairment was
     recognized. A 5% increase in the discount rate or decrease in royalty saving rate would not result in an
     impairment.


     QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT
     MARKET RISK
     INTEREST RATE RISK
     Our exposure to interest rate risk primarily relates to the interest rates for our outstanding debt and the
     interest income generated by excess cash invested in liquid investments with original maturities of three
     months or less. We do not rely on derivative financial instruments to manage our interest risk exposure.
     Interest-earning instruments carry a degree of interest rate risk.


     We have not been exposed to material risks due to changes in interest rates. However, our future interest
     income and interest expense may be different from expected due to changes in market interest rates.




78   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISK
A significant portion of our revenues, expenses and financial assets are denominated in the Renminbi.
Our reporting currency is Renminbi. The functional currencies of entities within Deutsche Hospitality
include Euro and other currencies such as Swiss Franc. Our exposure to foreign exchange risk primarily
relates to cash and cash equivalents and loans denominated in U.S. dollars and Euro, and our investment
in equity securities of Accor denominated in Euro. Although in general, our exposure to foreign exchange
risks should be limited, the value of your investment in our ADSs will be affected by the foreign exchange
rate between U.S. dollars and RMB and between U.S. dollars and Euro because the value of our business
is effectively denominated in RMB and Euro, while the ADSs will be traded in U.S. dollars.


The value of the RMB against the U.S. dollar, the Hong Kong dollar and other currencies may fluctuate
and is affected by, among other things, changes in China’s political and economic conditions. The
conversion of RMB into foreign currencies, including U.S. dollars and Hong Kong dollar, has been based
on rates set by the People’s Bank of China. On July 21, 2005, the PRC government changed its decade-old
policy of pegging the value of the RMB to the U.S. dollar. Under the new policy, the RMB is permitted to
fluctuate within a narrow and managed band against a basket of certain foreign currencies. This change
in policy caused the Renminbi to appreciate by more than 20% against the U.S. dollar between July
2005 and July 2008. Between July 2008 and June 2010, this appreciation halted and the exchange rate
between the Renminbi and the U.S. dollar remained within a narrow band. Since June 2010, the RMB has
fluctuated against the U.S. dollar, at times significantly and unpredictably. It is difficult to predict how
market forces or PRC or U.S. government policy may impact the exchange rate between the RMB and the
U.S. dollar in the future. To the extent we hold assets denominated in U.S. dollars, any appreciation of
the RMB against the U.S. dollar could result in a change to our statement of operations and a reduction
in the value of our U.S. dollar denominated assets. On the other hand, a decline in the value of the RMB
against the U.S. dollar and the Hong Kong dollar could reduce the U.S. dollar equivalent amounts of
our financial results, the value of your investment in our company and the dividends we may pay in the
future, if any, all of which may have a material adverse effect on the prices of ADSs and ordinary shares.
To the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars or Hong Kong dollars into Renminbi or Euro for our
operations, appreciation of the Renminbi or Euro against the U.S. dollar or Hong Kong dollar would have
an adverse effect on the Renminbi or Euro amount we receive from the conversion.


By way of example, assuming we had converted a U.S. dollar denominated cash balance of US$1 million
as of December 31, 2021 into Renminbi at the exchange rate of US$1.00 for RMB6.3726, such cash
balance would have been approximately RMB6.37 million (US$1.0 million). Assuming a 1.0% depreciation
of the RMB against the U.S. dollar, such cash balance would have increased to RMB6.44 million (US$1.0
million) as of December 31, 2021.




                                                                       Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   79
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
     DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
     Our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, has
     performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures within the
     meaning of Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by
     this annual report. Based on such evaluation, our management has concluded that, as of the end of the
     period covered by this annual report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective.


     MANAGEMENT’S ANNUAL REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL
     REPORTING
     Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
     reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, for our company. Internal
     control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
     reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance
     with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that (a) pertain
     to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
     and dispositions of a company’s assets, (b) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded
     as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally
     accepted accounting principles and that a company’s receipts and expenditures are being made only in
     accordance with authorizations of a company’s management and directors and (c) provide reasonable
     assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of a
     company’s assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements.


     Because of its inherent limitations, a system of internal control over financial reporting can provide only
     reasonable assurance with respect to consolidated financial statement preparation and presentation
     and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to
     future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
     conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate.


     As required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and related rules as promulgated by the SEC,
     our management assessed the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting as of
     December 31, 2021 using criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued
     by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation,
     our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of
     December 31, 2021.




80   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


In the course of auditing our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021, we and our
independent registered public accounting firm identified no material weakness but certain significant
control deficiencies at our legacy DH acquired in January 2020, which related to i) insufficient evidence
to indicate the control owner performed the controls steps effectively for certain controls; ii) insufficient
evidence to indicate the controls owner verified the completeness and accuracy of certain information
used to perform certain controls; and iii) inappropriate access security management together with
password settings of the S+S financial system. We are in the process of implementing remediation
measures to remediate the identified significant deficiencies.


ATTESTATION REPORT OF THE REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021 has been
audited by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP, an independent registered public
accounting firm. The attestation report issued by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants
LLP can be found in our annual report on Form 20-F.


CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
There were no significant changes that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect our internal control over financial reporting.


PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP, or Deloitte, our independent registered
public accounting firm, began serving as our auditor in August 2009.


Our audit committee is responsible for the oversight of Deloitte’s work. The policy of our audit committee
is to pre-approve all audit and non-audit services provided by Deloitte, including audit services,
audit-related services, tax services and other services, other than those for de minimis services which
are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit.


We paid the following fees for professional services to Deloitte for the years ended December 31, 2020
and 2021.


                                                                          Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                  2020                 2021
                                                                                   US$                  US$
                                                                                  (In millions)

Audit Fees(1)                                                                       3.3                  2.9
Audit-Related Fees(2)                                                               0.6                    –
Tax Fees   (3)
                                                                                     –                   0.5
Total                                                                               3.9                  3.4




                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   81
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Note:

     (1)     Audit Fees. This category includes the aggregate fees billed for the professional services rendered by our principal auditors
             for the interim review of quarterly financial statements and the audit of our annual financial statements, the issuance of our
             ordinary shares of our secondary listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

     (2)     Audit-Related Fees. This category includes the aggregate fees billed for the professional services rendered by our principal
             auditors for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our
             consolidated financial statements and are not reported under “Audit Fees.” Audit-Related Fees in 2020 was to support the
             issuance of the 2026 Notes.

     (3)     Tax Fees. This category includes the aggregate fees billed for the professional services rendered by our principal auditors for
             tax compliance and tax advice.



     SIGNIFICANT CHANGES
     Except as disclosed elsewhere in this annual report, we have not experienced any significant changes
     since the date of our audited consolidated financial statements included in this annual report.




82   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                            DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT
                                            AND EMPLOYEES
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
The following table sets forth the name, age and position of each of our directors and executive officers
as of the date of this annual report. The business address of all of our directors and executive officers is
No. 699 Wuzhong Road, Minhang District Shanghai 201103, People’s Republic of China.


Directors and Executive Officers       Age      Position/Title

Qi Ji                                  55       Founder and Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors
John Jiong Wu                          54       Co-founder, Independent Director
Tong Tong Zhao                         55       Co-founder, Independent Director
Shangzhi Zhang                         68       Director
Jian Shang                             54       Independent Director
Theng Fong Hee                         67       Independent Director
Lei Cao                                47       Independent Director
Hui Jin                                44       Chief Executive Officer
Xinxin Liu                             44       President
Hui Chen                               55       Chief Financial Officer


Qi Ji is our founder, and was appointed as a director on February 2007. Mr. Ji has also served as the
executive chairman of our board since August 2009. Prior to his current role, he also served as our chief
executive officer from January 2012 to May 2015, from 2007 to August 2009, and from November 2019 to
September 2021. He co-founded Home Inns & Hotels Management Inc. and served as its chief executive
officer from 2002 to January 2005. He also co-founded Trip.com (a company listed on the NASDAQ, ticker
symbol: TCOM), one of the largest online travel services providers in China, in 1999, acted as its chief
executive officer and president until 2001, and currently serves on Trip.com’s board as an independent
director. Mr. Ji received his bachelor degree in engineering mechanics and master degree in mechanical
engineering from Shanghai Jiao Tong University in the PRC in 1989 and February 1992, respectively.


John Jiong Wu , a co-founder of our company, has served as our director since January 2007. He is
founding partner and chairman of FengHe Fund Management Pte. Ltd. He served as the venture partner
of Northern Light Venture Capital and was an angel investor and the chief technology officer of Alibaba
Group from 2000 to 2007. Mr. Wu was a non-executive director of Viva Biotech Holdings (a company listed
on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 1873) from 2018 to 2020. Mr. Wu received his Bachelor of
Science in Computer Science degree from the University of Michigan in August 1989.




                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   83
     DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES


     Tong Tong Zhao , a co-founder of our company, has served as our director since February 2007. Ms. Zhao
     has served in several companies, including the supervisor of Shanghai Asia-Tang Health Technology
     Development Co., Ltd., the executive director of Shanghai Hong Ying Hi-Tech Co., Ltd., and the executive
     director of Shanghai Xie Cheng Science and Technology Co., Ltd.. Ms. Zhao received her Master of
     Engineering degree from Shanghai Jiao Tong University in the PRC in March 1992 and her Master of
     Business Administration degree from McGill University in Canada in June 2003. She also obtained her
     bachelor’s degree with a major in biomedical engineering from Southeast University in the PRC in July
     1989.


     Shangzhi Zhang has served as our director since June 2016. Mr. Zhang has been the executive director
     of Tianjin Amis Hotel Management Company since 2009. He acted as general delegate of Accor Hotel
     Group in China from January 1999 to December 2008, during which he was concurrently appointed
     as the executive director and general manager of Tianjin Accor Hotel Management Co., Ltd. in March
     2003, and was responsible for brand Ibis’ development and operation in China. He successively served
     as head of manager office, assistant to general manager and deputy general manager at China Export
     Commodity Bases Development Corporation, from January 1993 to 1998. Prior to that, Mr. Zhang held
     several positions at the Ministry of Foreign Economic Relations and Trade of PRC from February 1978
     to December 1992. He was third secretary of the Commercial Bureau of Chinese Embassy in Zaire from
     October 1981 to September 1985. Mr. Zhang graduated from the University of International Business
     and Economics (formerly known as Beijing Institute of Foreign Trade) in the PRC with a major in French
     in January 1978. He studied for “joint interpreting and conference service” program at the Commission of
     the European Communities in Brussels from September 1987 to February 1988 and the French National
     School of Administration (École Nationale d’Administration) in France from 1990 to 1991. In 2014, Mr.
     Zhang received the medal award of “Chevalier de Legion d’honneur” from French government.


     Jian Shang has served as our independent director since May 2014. Mr. Shang has been the general
     manager of Hong Shang Asset Management Co., Ltd. since July 2013. From September 2006 to November
     2012, he served as chief executive officer of UBS SDIC Fund Management Company. Prior to that, he
     served as chief executive officer of Yin Hua Fund Management Co., Ltd., deputy chief executive officer
     of Hua An Fund Management Co., Ltd, and head of strategic planning of Shanghai Stock Exchange
     respectively from January 2001 to June 2006. Previously, he was a deputy division director of CSRC. Mr.
     Shang has been an independent non-executive director of Shanghai Realway Capital Assets Management
     Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 1835) since October 2018. Mr.
     Shang obtained his PhD in business administration and master of arts in economics from University of
     Connecticut in the United States in December 1997 and December 1994, respectively, and his bachelor’s
     degree with a major in industrial and foreign trade from Shanghai Jiao Tong University in the PRC in July
     1989.




84   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                        DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES


Theng Fong Hee has served as our independent director of the Company since July 2020. Mr. Hee is a
qualified advocate and solicitor in Singapore with over 30 years of experience. He has been a consultant
of Harry Elias Partnership LLP since January 2014. Mr. Hee is a fellow of Singapore Institute of
Arbitrators and Chartered Institute of Arbitrators (UK). He is also on the panel of arbitrators in various
arbitration institutions including Singapore International Arbitration Centre (SIAC), China International
Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission (CIETAC), Beijing Arbitration Commission (BAC), Shanghai
International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission (SHIAC), Hong Kong International Arbitration
Centre (HKIAC), Hainan International Arbitration Court (HIAC), Chongqing Arbitration Commission (CQAC),
Shanghai Arbitration Commission (SHAC), Wuhan Arbitration Commission (WHAC) and Asian International
Arbitration Centre (AIAC). Mr. Hee is also an ambassador of Singapore International Mediation Centre
(SIMC) and has been an accredited mediator of Singapore Mediation Centre (SMC) since March 2017. He
serves as an independent director of several listed companies, including Zheneng Jinjiang Environment
Holding Company Limited (a company listed on the Singapore Exchange, stock code: BWM) since June
2016, Straco Corporation Limited (a company listed on the Singapore Exchange, stock code: S85) since
April 2016, Yanlord Land Group Limited (a company listed on the Singapore Exchange, stock code: Z25)
since October 2017, China Aviation Oil (Singapore) Corporation Ltd (a company listed on the Singapore
Exchange, stock code: G92) since April 2019, Haidilao International Holding Ltd. (a company listed on
the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 6862) since September 2018, Tye Soon Limited (a company
listed on the Singapore Exchange, stock code: BFU) from May 1997 to June 2020, APAC Realty Limited
(a company listed on the Singapore Exchange, stock code: CLN) from September 2017 to June 2020,
First Resources Limited (a company listed on the Singapore Exchange, stock code: EB5) from October
2007 to May 2018, YHI International Limited (a company listed on the Singapore Exchange, stock
code: BPF) from May 2003 to April 2018, and Datapulse Technology Limited (a company listed on the
Singapore Exchange, stock code: BKW) from January 1994 to December 2017. Mr. Hee currently serves
as a Deputy Chairman of Singapore Medishield Life Council and an Advisory Committee Member of the
Singapore Ministry of Law China Ready Programme for Singapore’s legal industry. He has been a director
of F&H Singhome Fund II Ltd. since April 2012, F&H Singhome Fund III Ltd. since August 2015 and
non-executive independent director of Green Link Digital Bank Pte. Ltd. since December 2021. Mr. Hee
was awarded the Public Service Medal and Public Service Star awards respectively in 2008 and 2015.
He was also appointed as a Justice of the Peace in April 2018. Mr. Hee obtained his bachelor’s degree in
law from National University of Singapore (formerly known as the University of Singapore) with honors in
Singapore in May 1979 and also received a diploma in Chinese law from Soochow University in the PRC
in October 2004. He has been admitted as an advocate and solicitor by the Supreme Court of Singapore
since October 1981.




                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   85
     DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES


     Lei Cao has served as our independent director since July 2020. She has been the head of tax Greater
     China in Philips Electronic Singapore Pte Ltd. since May 2012. Prior to that, Ms. Cao served as a senior
     tax director from January 2010 to May 2012 and a tax director from October 2007 to December 2009 in
     Philips China Investment Co., Ltd. She was also a tax director in Philips Electronics Singapore Pte Ltd
     from January 2006 to September 2007 and the senior tax manager in Philips China Investment Co., Ltd.
     from November 2003 to December 2005. Her primary role is to manage a team to provide tax solutions for
     Philips group in the responsible market, as well as to support and secure Philips group’s interests and
     operations. Previously, Ms. Cao worked in Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP
     from September 1995 to October 2003 under various roles and her last position was a manager in the tax
     and business advisory department. Ms. Cao received a bachelor’s degree with a major in international
     business management from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics in the PRC in July 1995. Ms.
     Cao is a PRC Certified Public Accountant, who has obtained her qualification from Shanghai Institute of
     Certified Public Accountants in December 2009, and is also a PRC Certified Tax Agent, who has obtained
     her qualification from Shanghai Certified Tax Agent Management Center in June 2000.


     Hui Jin joined us in 2005 and has served as our chief executive officer since September 2021. He has
     successively served as the director of our Development Department, our vice president, executive vice
     president, and president, respectively. Mr. Jin worked with Shanghai Home Inns Hotels Management
     Limited as regional development manager during the period from March 2004 to December 2004. Mr. Jin
     received his executive master’s degree from China Europe International Business School in the PRC in
     August 2014, and a Bachelor of Science degree in Psychology from the East China Normal University in
     the PRC in July 2000.


     Xinxin Liu joined us in 2012 and has served as our president since September 2021. She has successively
     served as our chief information officer, chief digital officer and co-president. She was the founder and
     CEO of H-World Information and Technology Co., Ltd. (盟廣信息技術有限公司), which is an IT company
     incubated by our Group in November 2013. Prior to joining us, Ms. Liu worked in Alcatel-Lucent Shanghai
     Bell from July 1999 to September 2012, and was the IT head before she left. Ms. Liu received her
     master’s degree in master of business administration from Fudan University in the PRC in January 2008,
     and her bachelor’s degree in economic information management from Beijing Technology and Business
     University (formerly known as Beijing Business Academy) in the PRC in June 1999.


     Hui Chen has served as our chief financial officer since May 2021. Ms. Chen served as of chief
     compliance officer since February 2020. Ms. Chen has deep financial management expertise in the travel
     and hotel industries in China. She was the chief financial officer of Cjia Group Limited, a Huazhu affiliate
     company providing apartment services, from March 2018 to February 2020. From 2014 to early 2016, Ms.
     Chen served as our executive vice president of finance responsible for internal financial management
     and chief financial officer. Her previous work experiences also include chief financial officer of Home
     Inns Group and finance director of Trip.com. Ms. Chen received her master’s degree in management from
     Shanghai Jiaotong University.




86   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                        DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES



EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS
We have entered into an employment agreement with each of our named executive officers. Each of our
named executive officers is employed for a specified time period, which will be automatically extended
unless either we or the named executive officer gives prior notice to terminate such employment. We
may terminate the employment for cause, at any time, without notice or remuneration, for certain acts,
including but not limited to the conviction of a criminal offence and negligent or dishonest acts to our
detriment. A named executive officer may terminate his or her employment at any time with a one-month
prior written notice.


Each named executive officer has agreed to hold, both during and after the termination or expiry of his or
her employment agreement, in strict confidence, and not to use, except as required in the performance
of his or her duties in connection with the employment, any of our confidential information or trade
secrets or the confidential or proprietary information of any third party received by us and for which
we have confidential obligations. In addition, each named executive officer has agreed to be bound by
non-competition restrictions. Specifically, each named executive officer has agreed not to, during his or
her employment with us and for a period of two years following his or her termination with our company,
be engaged as employee or in another capacity to participant directly or indirectly in any business that is
in competition with ours. Each named executive officer also agrees to comply with all material applicable
laws and regulations related to his or her responsibilities at our company as well as all material written
corporate and business policies and procedures of our company.


COMPENSATION
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the aggregate cash compensation and benefits that
we paid to our directors and executive officers were approximately RMB14 million (US$2 million). No
pension, retirement or similar benefits have been set aside or accrued for our executive officers or
directors. We have no service contracts with any of our directors providing for benefits upon termination
of employment.




                                                                     Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   87
     DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES



     SHARE INCENTIVE PLANS
     In February 2007, our board of directors and our shareholders adopted our 2007 Global Share Plan to
     attract and retain the best available personnel for positions of substantial responsibility, to provide
     additional incentives to selected employees, directors, and consultants and to promote the success of
     our business. Our 2007 Global Share Plan was subsequently amended in December 2007. A hundred
     million ordinary shares may be issued under our amended and restated 2007 Global Share Plan, or the
     Amended and Restated 2007 Plan.


     In June 2007, our board of directors and our shareholders adopted our 2008 Global Share Plan with the
     same purpose as our 2007 Global Share Plan. Our 2008 Global Share Plan was subsequently amended
     in October 2008. Seventy million ordinary shares may be issued under our amended and restated 2008
     Global Share Plan, or the Amended and Restated 2008 Plan.


     In September 2009, our board of directors and our shareholders adopted our 2009 Share Incentive
     Plan with purposes similar to our 2007 Global Share Plan and 2008 Global Share Plan. Our 2009 Share
     Incentive Plan was subsequently amended in October 2009, August 2010, March 2015 and May 2018. 430
     million ordinary shares may be issued under our amended 2009 Share Incentive Plan, or the Amended
     2009 Plan.


     Plan Administration . The compensation committee administers our Amended and Restated 2007, 2008
     and 2009 Plans. Our ESOP administration committee, currently comprised solely of Mr. Qi Ji, has been
     delegated certain authorities, among others, to grant, in its sole discretion, options, restricted stocks and
     restricted share units to be issued under the respective share incentive plans to any of our employees
     and consultants except for our directors and executive officers, and the aggregate number of shares
     covered by any single grant it makes shall not exceed 500,000,000 ordinary shares.


     Types of Awards . The following briefly describes the principal features of the various awards that may be
     granted under our Amended and Restated 2007 and 2008 Plans.


     •     Options . Each option agreement must specify the exercise price. The exercise price of an option
            must not be less than 100% of the fair market value of the underlying shares on the option grant
            date, and a higher percentage may be required. The term of an option granted under the Amended
            and Restated 2007 and 2008 Plans must not exceed ten years from the date the option is granted,
            and a shorter term may be required.


     •     Share Purchase Rights . A share purchase right is a right to purchase restricted stock. Each share
            purchase right under the Amended and Restated 2007 and 2008 Plans must be evidenced by
            a restricted stock purchase agreement between the purchaser and us. The purchase price will
            be determined by the administrator. The share purchase rights will automatically expire if not
            exercised by the purchaser within 30 days after the grant date.




88   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                       DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES


The following briefly describes the principal features of the various awards that may be granted under
our Amended 2009 Plan:


•     Options . The purchase price per share under an option will be determined by a committee
      appointed by our board and set forth in the award agreement. The term of an option granted under
      the Amended 2009 Plan must not exceed ten years from the grant date, and a shorter term may be
      required.


•     Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units . An award of restricted stock is a grant of our ordinary
      shares subject to restrictions the committee appointed by our board may impose. A restricted
      stock unit is a contractual right that is denominated in our ordinary shares, each of which
      represents a right to receive the value of a share or a specified percentage of such value upon the
      terms and conditions set forth in the Amended 2009 Plan and the applicable award agreement.


•     Other Stock-based Awards . The committee is authorized to grant other stock-based awards
      that are denominated or payable in or otherwise related to our ordinary shares such as stock
      appreciation rights and rights to dividends and dividend equivalents. Terms and conditions of
      such awards will be determined by the committee appointed by our board. Unless the awards are
      granted in substitution for outstanding awards previously granted by an entity that we acquired
      or combined, the value of the consideration for the ordinary shares to be purchased upon the
      exercise of such awards shall not be less than the fair market value of the underlying ordinary
      shares on the grant date.


Vesting Schedule . As of the date of this annual report, we have entered into option agreements and
restricted stock award agreements respectively under our Amended and Restated 2007 and 2008 Plans
and our Amended 2009 Plan. Pursuant to our typical option agreement, 50% of the options granted shall
vest on the second anniversary of the vesting commencement date specified in the corresponding option
agreement, and 1/48 of the options shall vest each month thereafter over the next two years on the
first day of each month, subject to the optionee’s continuing to provide services to us. Pursuant to our
typical restricted stock award agreement, 50% of the restricted stock granted shall vest on the second
anniversary of the vesting commencement date specified in the corresponding restricted stock award
agreement, and 1/8 of the restricted stock shall vest each six-month period thereafter over the next two
years on the last day of each six-month period, subject to the grantee’s continuing to provide services to
us. For certain grants, we may also apply different vesting schedules set forth in the relevant agreements
between the grantees and us. For example, certain restricted stocks granted shall vest over a period of
ten years in equal yearly installments.




                                                                     Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   89
     DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES


     Termination of the Amended and Restated 2007 and 2008 Plans and the Amended 2009 Plan . Our
     Amended and Restated 2007 Plan and our Amended and Restated 2008 Plan terminated in 2017 and
     2018, respectively. Our Amended 2009 Plan will terminate in 2029. Our board of directors may amend,
     suspend, or terminate our Amended 2009 Plan at any time. No amendment, alteration, suspension,
     or termination of these plans shall materially and adversely impair the rights of any participant with
     respect to an outstanding award, unless mutually agreed otherwise between the participant and the
     administrator.


     The following tables summarize options and restricted stocks that we have granted to our directors and
     executive officers and to other individuals as a group under our share incentive plans as of December 31,
     2021.


                                      Ordinary Shares
                                           Underlying      Exercise Price
     Name                            Options Awarded         (US$/Share)    Date of Grant        Date of Expiration

     Qi Ji                                     4,000,000           0.153    October 1, 2009      October 1, 2019
                                               4,363,480         0.27525    July 17, 2012        July 17, 2018
     Tong Tong Zhao                            1,000,000           0.153    October 1, 2009      October 1, 2019
     John Jiong Wu                             1,000,000           0.153    October 1, 2009      October 1, 2019
     Hui Jin                                          *             0.05    February 4, 2007     February 4, 2017
                                                      *           0.4265    March 31, 2011       March 31, 2017
                                                      *           0.5415    May 13, 2014         May 13, 2020
                                                      *           0.4925    March 31, 2015       March 31, 2021
     Xinxin Liu                                       *           0.5415    May 13, 2014         May 13, 2020
     Other individuals as a group        169,165,700        0.050-0.5415    February 4, 2007 –   February 4, 2017 –
                                                                            April 1, 2015        April 1, 2021




90   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                             DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES



                                                           Ordinary Shares
                                                   Underlying Restricted
Name                                                       Stocks Awarded           Date of Grant

Qi Ji                                                              2,000,000        August 6, 2011
                                                                   8,978,800        July 17, 2012
                                                                  16,971,870        March 17, 2015
                                                                  10,982,240        March 26, 2015
Shangzhi Zhang                                                                 *    January 18, 2012
                                                                               *    January 10, 2013
                                                                               *    December 10, 2014
                                                                               *    March 13, 2017
Hui Jin                                                                        *    March 31, 2011
                                                                               *    July 2, 2012
                                                                               *    July 1,2013
                                                                               *    July 17, 2014
                                                                               *    March 26, 2015
Jian Shang                                                                     *    May 5, 2014
                                                                               *    July 23, 2020
Xinxin Liu                                                                     *    January 10, 2013
                                                                               *    July 1, 2013
                                                                               *    July 17, 2014
                                                                               *    March 26, 2015
                                                                               *    March 17, 2017
                                                                               *    March 27, 2018
                                                                               *    March 7, 2019
                                                                               *    March 18, 2020
                                                                               *    February 1, 2021
Lei Cao                                                                        *    July 23, 2020
Hui Chen                                                                       *    November 3, 2020
Other individuals as a group                                    109,301,190         February 7, 2011 – December 16, 2021


*       Upon exercise of all options granted and vesting restricted stock granted, would beneficially own less than 1% of our
        outstanding ordinary shares.




                                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   91
     DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES



     BOARD PRACTICES
     GENERAL
     Our board of directors currently consists of seven directors. Under our amended and restated
     memorandum and articles of association, which came into effect upon our initial public offering, our
     board of directors shall consist of at least two directors. Pursuant to our amended and restated articles
     of association, our directors may be elected by our shareholders. If our board appoints any person as a
     director to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to our existing board, such director shall be subject to
     re-election at our first subsequent general meeting or annual general meeting, respectively. There is no
     shareholding requirement for qualification to serve as a member of our board of directors.


     Our board of directors may exercise all the powers of our company to borrow money, mortgage or
     charge its undertaking, property and uncalled capital, and issue debentures, debenture stock and other
     securities whenever money is borrowed or as security for any debt, liability or obligation of our company
     or of any third party.


     We believe that each of Ms. Tong Tong Zhao, Mr. John Jiong Wu, Mr. Jian Shang, Mr. Theng Fong Hee and
     Ms. Lei Cao is an “independent director” as that term is used in NASDAQ corporate governance rules.


     DUTIES OF DIRECTORS
     Under Cayman Islands law, our directors owe fiduciary duties to our company, including a duty of loyalty,
     a duty to act honestly and a duty to act in good faith with a view to our best interests. Our directors also
     have a duty to exercise the skill they actually possess and such care and diligence that a reasonably
     prudent person would exercise in comparable circumstances. In fulfilling their duty of care to us, our
     directors must ensure compliance with our memorandum and articles of association.


     TERMS OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
     Each of our directors holds office until a successor has been duly elected and qualified or until his or her
     office is otherwise vacated in accordance with our amended and restated articles of association. All of
     our executive officers are appointed by and serve at the discretion of our board of directors.


     BOARD COMMITTEES
     We have established two committees under the board of directors – the audit committee and the
     compensation committee. We have adopted a charter for each of the board committees. Each
     committee’s members and functions are described below. We currently do not plan to establish a
     nominations committee. As a foreign private issuer, we are permitted to follow home country corporate
     governance practices under Rule 5615(a)(3) of the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules. This home country
     practice of ours differs from Rule 5605(e) of the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules regarding implementation of
     a nominations committee, because there are no specific requirements under Cayman Islands law on the
     establishment of a nominations committee.




92   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                       DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES



Audit Committee
Our audit committee consists of three directors, namely Mr. Jian Shang, Mr. Theng Fong Hee and Ms.
Lei Cao. All directors satisfy the “independence” requirements of the NASDAQ Global Select Market and
the SEC regulations. The chairman of our audit committee is Mr. Jian Shang, who is qualified as an audit
committee financial expert within the meaning of the SEC regulations. The audit committee oversees our
accounting and financial reporting processes and the audits of the financial statements of our company.
The audit committee is responsible for, among other things:


•     selecting the independent auditors and pre-approving all auditing and non-auditing services
      permitted to be performed by the independent auditors;


•     setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent auditors;


•     reviewing with the independent auditors any audit problems or difficulties and management’s
      response;


•     reviewing and approving all proposed related-party transactions;


•     discussing the annual audited financial statements with management and the independent
      auditors;


•     discussing with management and the independent auditors major issues regarding accounting
      principles and financial statement presentations;


•     reviewing reports prepared by management or the independent auditors relating to significant
      financial reporting issues and judgments;


•     reviewing with management and the independent auditors related-party transactions and
      off-balance sheet transactions and structures;


•     reviewing with management and the independent auditors the effect of regulatory and accounting
      initiatives and actions;


•     reviewing policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management;


•     reviewing our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting;


•     timely reviewing reports from the independent auditors regarding all critical accounting policies
      and practices to be used by our company, all alternative treatments of financial information within
      GAAP that have been discussed with management and all other material written communications
      between the independent auditors and management;




                                                                   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   93
     DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES


     •      establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received from
            our employees regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters and the
            confidential, anonymous submission by our employees of concerns regarding questionable
            accounting or auditing matters;


     •      annually reviewing and reassessing the adequacy of our audit committee charter;


     •      such other matters that are specifically delegated to our audit committee by our board of directors
            from time to time; and


     •      meeting separately, periodically, with management, the internal auditors and the independent
            auditors.


     Compensation Committee
     Our compensation committee consists of Mr. John Jiong Wu and Mr. Jian Shang. Both directors
     satisfy the “independence” requirements of NASDAQ Marketplace Rules and the SEC regulations. Our
     compensation committee assists the board in reviewing and approving the compensation structure of
     our directors and executive officers, including all forms of compensation to be provided to our directors
     and executive officers. The compensation committee is responsible for, among other things:


     •      reviewing and approving the compensation for our directors and senior executives;


     •      reviewing and evaluating our directors and executive compensation and benefits policies
            generally;


     •      reporting to our board of directors periodically;


     •      evaluating its own performance and reporting to our board of directors on such evaluation;


     •      periodically reviewing and assessing the adequacy of the compensation committee charter and
            recommending any proposed changes to our board of directors; and


     •      such other matters that are specifically delegated to the compensation committee by our board of
            directors from time to time.


     EMPLOYEES
     We had 18,352, 23,028 and 24,384 employees as of December 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively. We
     recruit and directly train and manage all of our employees. We believe that we maintain a good working
     relationship with our employees and we have not experienced any significant labor disputes. Some of
     our employees are represented by unions, with a variety of collective bargaining agreements in place.
     Generally, we consider the relationships between us and the unions that represent our employees to be
     respectful.




94   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                             MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS AND
                                           RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS
The following table sets forth information with respect to the beneficial ownership, within the meaning of
Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, of our ordinary shares, as of March 31, 2022 by:


•       each of our directors and executive officers; and


•       each person known to us to own beneficially more than 5% of our ordinary shares.


Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and includes voting or investment power with respect to the ordinary shares. Except as
indicated below, and subject to applicable community property laws, the persons named in the table
have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares shown as beneficially owned
by them.


                                                                                                  Ordinary Shares
                                                                                              Beneficially Owned(1)
                                                                                                Number                            %

Directors and Executive Officers:
Qi Ji                                                                                    981,862,630(2)                      30.5%
John Jiong Wu                                                                              76,393,880    (4)
                                                                                                                              2.4%
Tong Tong Zhao                                                                           263,246,520(3)                       8.2%
Shangzhi Zhang                                                                                           *                         *
Jian Shang                                                                                               *                         *
Theng Fong Hee                                                                                           –                         –
Lei Cao                                                                                                  –                         –
Hui Jin                                                                                                  *                         *
Xinxin Liu                                                                                               *                         *
Hui Chen                                                                                                 *                         *
All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group                                        1,063,619,650(5)                      33.1%


Principal Shareholders:
Winner Crown Holdings Limited                                                            708,653,690(6)                      22.0%
East Leader International Limited                                                        262,246,520(7)                       8.1%
Invesco Ltd.                                                                             315,743,750     (8)
                                                                                                                              9.8%
Trip.com Group Limited                                                                   220,494,460(9)                       6.9%
T. ROWE PRICE ASSOCIATES, INC.                                                           190,450,221     (10)
                                                                                                                              6.0%


*       Less than 1%.

(1)     The number of ordinary shares outstanding in calculating the percentages for each listed person or group includes the
        ordinary shares underlying options held by such person or group exercisable within 60 days after March 31, 2022. Percentage
        of beneficial ownership of each listed person or group is based on (i) 3,218,188,130 ordinary shares outstanding as of March
        31, 2022, and (ii) the ordinary shares underlying share options exercisable by such person within 60 days after March 31, 2022.




                                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021             95
     MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS


     (2)    Includes (i) 693,653,690 ordinary shares, and 1,500,000 ADSs representing 15,000,000 ordinary shares held by Winner Crown
            Holdings Limited, or Winner Crown, a British Virgin Islands company wholly owned by Sherman Holdings Limited, a Bahamas
            company, which is in turn wholly owned by Credit Suisse Trust Limited, or CS Trustee. CS Trustee acts as trustee of the Ji
            Family Trust, of which Mr. Qi Ji and his family members are the beneficiaries, (ii) 3,497,670 ordinary shares and 746,475
            ADSs representing 7,464,750 ordinary shares held by Mr. Qi Ji, and (iii) 262,246,520 ordinary shares held by East Leader
            International Limited, or East Leader, over which Mr. Ji has voting power pursuant to a power of attorney dated November 27,
            2014. East Leader is wholly owned by Perfect Will Holdings Limited, or Perfect Will, a British Virgin Islands company, which is
            in turn wholly owned by Trident Trust Company (Singapore) Pte. Limited, or Trident Trust. Trident Trust acts as trustee of the
            Tanya Trust with effect from 4th August 2021, of which Ms. Tong Tong Zhao and her family members are the beneficiaries.

     (3)    Includes (i) 1,000,000 ordinary shares, and (ii) 262,246,520 ordinary shares held by East Leader, a British Virgin Islands
            company wholly owned by Perfect Will, a British Virgin Islands company, which is in turn wholly owned by Trident Trust.
            Trident Trust acts as trustee of the Tanya Trust with effect from 4th August 2021, of which Ms. Tong Tong Zhao and her family
            members are the beneficiaries. Ms. Zhao is the sole director of East Leader.

     (4)    Includes 76,393,880 ordinary shares held by Mr. John Jiong Wu.

     (5)    Includes ordinary shares and ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of all of the options that are exercisable within 60 days
            after March 31, 2021 held by all of our directors and executive officers as a group.

     (6)    Winner Crown is a British Virgin Islands company wholly owned by Sherman Holdings Limited, a Bahamas company, which
            is in turn wholly owned by CS Trustee. CS Trustee acts as trustee of the Ji Family Trust, of which Mr. Qi Ji, our founder and
            executive chairman, and his family members, are the beneficiaries. Mr. Ji is the sole director of Winner Crown. The address of
            Winner Crown is Vistra Corporate Service Centre, Wickhams Cay II, Road Town, Tortola, VG1110, British Virgin Islands.

     (7)    East Leader is a British Virgin Islands company wholly owned by Perfect Will Holdings Limited, a British Virgin Islands
            company, which is in turn wholly owned by Trident Trust. Trident Trust acts as trustee of the Tanya Trust with effect from 4th
            August 2021, of which Ms. Tong Tong Zhao and her family members, are the beneficiaries. Ms. Zhao is the sole director of East
            Leader. The address of East Leader is Vistra Corporate Services Centre, Wickhams Cay II, Road Town, Tortola, VG1110, British
            Virgin Islands.

     (8)    Based on Amendment No. 3 to Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 11, 2022 by Invesco Ltd.

     (9)    Includes (i) 72,024,820 ordinary shares that Trip.com purchased from us, (ii) an aggregate of 116,469,640 of our ordinary
            shares that Trip.com purchased from the Chengwei Funds, CDH Courtyard Limited, the IDG Funds, the Northern Light
            Funds and Pinpoint Capital 2006 A Limited, and (iii) 3,200,000 ADSs representing 32,000,000 ordinary shares that Trip.
            com subscribed in our initial public offering. Trip.com is a Cayman Islands company and its address is 968 Jin Zhong Road,
            Shanghai 200335, People’s Republic of China.

     (10)   Based on Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2022 by T. ROWE PRICE ASSOCIATES, INC.


     As of March 31, 2022, we had 3,218,188,130 ordinary shares issued and outstanding. To our knowledge,
     we had two record shareholders in the United States. The number of beneficial owners of our ADSs in the
     United States is likely to be much larger than the number of record holders of our ordinary shares in the
     United States.


     None of our existing shareholders has different voting rights from other shareholders since the closing of
     our initial public offering. We are not aware of any arrangement that may, at a subsequent date, result in
     a change of control of our company.




96   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
            MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS



RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
TRANSACTIONS WITH TRIP.COM
We conduct transactions in the ordinary course of our business with Trip.com, an entity in which Mr. Qi
Ji, our founder, is a co-founder and independent director. Trip.com rendered reservation services to us
to facilitate our customers in making reservations at our hotels from Trip.com’s hotel booking system. In
2021, the aggregate commission fees of our leased and owned hotels paid to Trip.com for its reservation
services amounted to RMB99 million (US$16 million). In 2021, the lease expenses of our leased and
owned hotel paid to Trip.com amounted to RMB19 million (US$3 million).


In 2021, we provided technical and marketing services to Trip.com and recorded service fees amounted
to RMB62 million (US$10 million).


TRANSACTION WITH SHEEN STAR
In April 2014, we set up Sheen Star Group Limited, or Sheen Star, together with Mr. Qi Ji and an
independent third party. We own 19.99% of the equity interest in Sheen Star and Mr. Qi Ji owns 50.01%.
We recognized service fees from Sheen Star in the amount of RMB5 million (US$1 million) in 2021.


TRANSACTION WITH ACCOR
In January 2016, we completed strategic alliance transactions with Accor to join forces in the Pan-China
region to develop Accor brands and to form an extensive and long-term alliance with Accor. After the
transaction, Accor became one of our principal shareholders and was granted a right to nominate one
director to our board of directors. We recorded brand use fee, reservation and other related service fee to
Accor of RMB22 million(US$3 million) in 2021. We also recognized service fee from Accor of RMB3 million
(US$0.5 million) in 2021. Mr. Sébastien Bazin resigned as our director in December 2021, since then,
Accor no longer has any board representation on our board of directors. Accor is no longer our related
party as of the date of this annual report.


TRANSACTION WITH CJIA GROUP
China Cjia Group Limited (the “Cjia Group”) is one of our equity investees. We sold goods and provided IT
and other services to Cjia Group amounted to RMB11 million (US$2 million) in 2021.


In 2021, the lease expenses our lease hotels recognized to Cjia Group amounted to RMB12 million (US$2
million). In 2021, we recognized sublease income from Cjia Group amounted to RMB6 million (US$1
million).


In 2021, we acquired business from Cjia Group with consideration of RMB834 million (US$131 million)
primarily in relation to the business acquisition of CitiGo.




                                                                    Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   97
     MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS



     TRANSACTION WITH CHINA HOSPITALITY JV
     In 2018, we, together with TPG, formed China Hospitality JV, Ltd. (“China Hospitality JV”), in which we
     own 20% equity interest. We recognized service fee amounted to RMB2 million (US$0.3 million) from
     China Hospitality JV in 2021.


     TRANSACTION WITH SHANGHAI LIANQUAN HOTEL MANAGEMENT CO., LTD.
     (“LIANQUAN”)
     Lianquan is one of our equity investees. In 2021, the sublease income we recognized from Lianquan
     amounted to RMB10 million (US$2 million).


     TRANSACTION WITH SUZHOU HUALI JINSHI CONSTRUCTION DECORATION
     CO., LTD. (“HUALI JINSHI”)
     Huali Jinshi is one of our equity investees. In 2021, we incurred construction service fee of RMB42 million
     (US$7 million) to Huali Jinshi.


     TRANSACTION WITH SHENZHEN HITONE INVESTMENT FUND PARTNERSHIP
     (LLP) ( “HITONE”)
     Hitone is one of our equity investees. In 2021, we made loan payment to Hitone of RMB5 million (US$1
     million) to Hitone.




98   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
          OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


IMPLICATIONS OF BEING A FOREIGN PRIVATE ISSUER
AND A CHINA-BASED COMPANY
We are a foreign private issuer within the meaning of the rules under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 (the “Exchange Act”), and as such we are exempt from certain provisions of the securities rules and
regulations in the United States that are applicable to U.S. domestic issuers. Moreover, the information
we are required to file with or furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) will be less
extensive and less timely compared to that required to be filed with the SEC by U.S. domestic issuers.
In addition, as a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands, we are permitted to adopt certain home
country practices in relation to corporate governance matters that differ significantly from the Nasdaq
corporate governance standards. These practices may afford less protection to shareholders than they
would enjoy if we complied fully with the Nasdaq corporate governance standards.


We are exposed to legal and operational risks associated with our operations in China. We are subject
to risks arising from China’s legal system, including the uncertainty in the interpretation and the
enforcement of the PRC laws and regulations. In addition, rules and regulations in China can change
quickly with little advance notice. Recently, Chinese regulators have announced regulatory actions
targeting certain sectors of China’s economy, including the for-profit education sector and technology
platforms that have a quantitatively significant number of users located in China. Although the lodging
industry does not appear to be the focus of these regulatory actions, we cannot guarantee that the
Chinese government will not in the future take regulatory actions that materially adversely affect the
business environment and financial markets in China as they relate to us, our ability to operate our
business, our liquidity and our access to capital.


The PRC government may also intervene or influence our operations at any time, or may exert more
control over offerings conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers, including
us, at any time, substantial intervention and influence over the manner of our operations, which
could result in a material change in our operations or the value of our ADSs. Any actions by the PRC
government to exert more oversight and control over offerings that are conducted overseas or foreign
investment in China-based issuers could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or
continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline
or be worthless. Recently, the PRC government initiated a series of regulatory actions and statements
to regulate business operations in China with little advance notice, including cracking down on illegal
activities in the securities market, enhancing supervision over China-based companies listed overseas,
adopting new measures to extend the scope of cybersecurity reviews, adopting new laws and regulations
related to data security, and expanding the efforts in anti-monopoly enforcement. While we do not
believe that these regulatory changes would have any material impact on us, we cannot assure you that
the regulators will agree with us or will not in the future adopt regulations that restrict our business
operations or access to capital.




                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   99
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


      For example, on July 6, 2021, the General Office of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of
      China and the General Office of the State Council jointly issued the Opinions on Severe and Lawful
      Crackdown on Illegal Securities Activities. These opinions emphasized the need to strengthen the
      administration over illegal securities activities and the supervision on overseas listings by China-based
      companies. These opinions proposed to take effective measures, such as promoting the construction
      of relevant regulatory systems, to deal with the risks and incidents facing China-based overseas-listed
      companies and the demand for cybersecurity and data privacy protection. These opinions and any related
      implementation rules to be enacted may subject us to additional compliance requirement in the future.


      Cybersecurity and data privacy and security issues are subject to increasing legislative and regulatory
      focus in China. For example, the State Council of the PRC promulgated the Regulations on the Protection
      of the Security of Critical Information Infrastructure on July 30, 2021, which took effect on September
      1, 2021. This regulation requires, among others, certain competent authorities to identify critical
      information infrastructures. The Cybersecurity Administration of China (the “CAC”) and a number of other
      departments under the State Council promulgated the Measures for Cybersecurity Review on December
      28, 2021, which became effective on February 15, 2022. According to this regulation, critical information
      infrastructure operators purchasing network products and services and data processors carrying
      out data processing activities, which affect or may affect national security, are required to conduct
      cybersecurity review.


      On September 1, 2021, the Data Security Law of the People’s Republic of China, or the Data Security
      Law, became effective, which imposes data security and privacy obligations on entities and individuals
      conducting data-related activities, and introduces a data classification and hierarchical protection
      system. In addition, the Standing Committee of PRC National People’s Congress promulgated the
      Personal Information Protection Law (the “PIPL”) on August 20, 2021, which took effect on November
      1, 2021. The PIPL further emphasizes processors’ obligations and responsibilities for personal
      information protection and sets out the basic rules for processing personal information and the rules
      for cross-border transfer of personal information. On November 14, 2021, the CAC released the draft
      Administrative Regulation on Network Data Security for public comments through December 13, 2021
      (the “Draft Administrative Regulation”). Under the Draft Administrative Regulation, foreign-listed data
      processors shall carry out annual data security evaluation and submit the evaluation report to the
      municipal cyberspace administration authority. We have implemented comprehensive cybersecurity
      and data protection policies, procedures and measures to safeguard personal information and ensure
      secured storage and transmission of data and prevent unauthorized access or use of data. However, we
      cannot guarantee that the regulators will agree with us or will not in the future adopt new regulations
      that restrict our business operations.


      Since these regulatory actions are relatively new, it is uncertain how soon legislative or administrative
      regulation making bodies will respond and what existing or new laws or regulations or detailed
      implementations and interpretations will be modified or promulgated, if any, or the potential impact
      such modified or new laws and regulations will have on our daily business operation, our ability to accept
      foreign investments and listing on a U.S. or other foreign exchanges. PRC laws and their interpretations
      and enforcement continue to develop and are subject to change, and the PRC government may adopt
      other rules and restrictions in the future. See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Doing Business in China”
      for more details.



100   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                        OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS



Risks Associated with the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act
Our financial statements contained in this annual report have been audited by Deloitte Touche
Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm that is
headquartered in Shanghai, China with offices in other cities in China. It is a firm registered with the
U.S. Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the “PCAOB”), and is required by the laws of the U.S.
to undergo regular inspections by the PCAOB to assess its compliance with the laws of the U.S. and
professional standards. According to Article 177 of the PRC Securities Law which became effective
in March 2020, the securities regulatory authority of the State Council may establish a regulatory
cooperation mechanism with the securities regulatory authorities of another country or region, to
implement cross-border supervision and administration. (“Regulatory Cooperation Mechanism”);
no overseas securities regulator is allowed to directly conduct investigation or evidence collection
activities within the territory of the PRC. Accordingly, without a Regulatory Cooperation Mechanism
or the consent of the competent PRC securities regulators and relevant authorities, no organization
or individual may provide the documents and materials relating to securities business activities to
overseas parties. The Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, or the HFCA Act, was enacted on
December 18, 2020. The HFCA Act states if the SEC determines that a company has filed audit reports
issued by a registered public accounting firm that has not been subject to inspection by the PCAOB for
three consecutive years beginning in 2021, the SEC shall prohibit such securities from being traded
on a national securities exchange or in the over the counter trading market in the U.S. The SEC has
adopted rules to implement the HFCA Act and, pursuant to the HFCA Act, the PCAOB has issued a report
notifying the SEC of its determination that it is currently unable to inspect or investigation completely
accounting firms headquartered in mainland China or Hong Kong. Our auditor Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants LLP is subject to the determinations announced by the PCAOB on December
16, 2021. Further, the United States Senate has passed the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies
Accountable Act, or the AHFCA Act. In February 2022, the U.S. House of Representatives passed the
America Competes Act of 2022, which includes the same amendments as the bill passed by the Senate.
However, the America Competes Act includes a broader range of legislation not related to the HFCA Act
in response to the U.S. Innovation and Competition Act passed by the Senate in 2021. It is unclear when
the U.S. Senate and U.S. House of Representatives will resolve the differences and this bill amending
the HFCA Act is approved by both houses of Congress and signed by the President. If the AHFCA Act is
enacted, it would decrease the number of “non-inspection years” from three years to two years, and thus,
would reduce the time before our securities may be prohibited from trading or delisted. The delisting
of our ADSs, or the threat of their being delisted, may materially and adversely affect the value of your
investment. Additionally, the inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections deprives our investors with
the benefits of such inspections. See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Doing Business in China—If the
U.S. Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, is unable to inspect our auditors as required under
the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, the SEC will prohibit the trading of our ADSs. A trading
prohibition for our ADSs, or the threat of a trading prohibition, may materially and adversely affect the
value of your investment. Additionally, the inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections of our auditors
deprives our investors of the benefits of such inspections” for more details.




                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   101
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS



      Risks Associated with Our Corporate Structure
      Our investors hold securities of Huazhu Group Limited, which is not an operating company but a Cayman
      Islands holding company with operations primarily conducted by its subsidiaries, a majority of
      which are based in China and Europe. PRC laws and regulations restrict and impose conditions on
      foreign investment in certain internet-based businesses and international travel agency businesses.
      Accordingly, we operate these businesses in China through the variable interest entity, or VIE, model, and
      rely on contractual arrangements among our PRC subsidiaries, our VIEs and their respective nominee
      shareholders to control the business operations of the VIEs and their subsidiaries. The VIEs contribute an
      insignificant portion (less than 1%) of our total revenues and their impact to our consolidated financial
      statements are immaterial (contribute to less than 1% of our total assets).


      Huazhu Group Limited, which is the company our investors hold securities in, may never have a direct
      equity ownership interest in the businesses that are conducted by the VIEs. Although the impact of the
      VIEs to our consolidated financial statements are immaterial, our ADSs may decline in value if we are
      unable to assert our contractual control rights over the assets of the VIEs that conduct some of our
      operations.


      As a holding company, we rely upon dividends paid to us by our subsidiaries in the PRC and other
      countries and regions to pay dividends and to finance any debt we may incur. If our subsidiaries or any
      newly formed subsidiaries incur debt on their own behalf in the future, the instruments governing their
      debt may restrict their ability to pay dividends to us. In addition, our subsidiaries in the PRC are permitted
      to pay dividends to us only out of their accumulated profits, if any, as determined in accordance with PRC
      accounting standards and regulations. Under PRC laws and regulations, each of our Chinese subsidiaries
      are required to set aside a portion of their net income each year to fund a statutory surplus reserve until
      such reserve reaches 50% of its registered capital. This reserve is not distributable as dividends. As a
      result, our Chinese subsidiaries are restricted in their ability to transfer a portion of its net assets to us
      in the form of dividends, loans or advances. As an offshore holding company, we will be permitted under
      PRC laws and regulations to provide funding from the proceeds of our offshore fund-raising activities
      to our subsidiaries in China only through loans or capital contributions, subject to the satisfaction of
      the applicable government registration and approval requirements. Before providing loans to our PRC
      subsidiaries, we will be required to make filings about details of the loans with the State Administration
      of Foreign Exchange of the PRC (the “SAFE”) in accordance with relevant PRC laws and regulations.
      Our PRC subsidiaries that receive the loans are only allowed to use the loans for the purposes set forth
      in these laws and regulations. Under regulations of the SAFE, Renminbi is not convertible into foreign
      currencies for capital account items, such as loans, repatriation of investments and investments outside
      of China, unless the prior approval of the SAFE is obtained and prior registration with the SAFE is made.




102   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                         OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS



Permissions Required from the PRC Authorities for Our Operations
As of the date of this annual report, to our best knowledge, our PRC subsidiaries or VIEs are not required
to obtain any further permission or approval from the China Securities Regulatory Commission (the
“CSRC”), Cyberspace Administration of China (the “CAC”) or other PRC regulatory authorities to approve
our contractual arrangements with the VIEs and their respective shareholders other than the permissions
mentioned in the next paragraph or the renewal of the permission or approval we have already obtained
(if applicable). However, PRC laws and regulations governing the conditions and the requirements of such
approval are uncertain and the relevant government authorities have broad discretion in interpreting
these laws and regulations. Accordingly, the PRC regulatory authorities may take a different view.
There can be no assurance that other PRC government authorities that regulate our business and other
participants in the industry would agree that our corporate structure or any of the above contractual
arrangements comply with PRC licensing, registration or other regulatory requirements, with existing
policies or with requirements or policies that may be adopted in the future.


Furthermore, under current PRC laws, regulations and regulatory rules, we, our PRC subsidiaries or VIEs
may be required to obtain permissions from the CSRC, and may be required to go through cybersecurity
review by the CAC, in connection with the offering and listing in an overseas market. If we fail to obtain
the relevant approval or complete other review or filing procedures for any future offshore offering or
listing, we may face sanctions by the CSRC or other PRC regulatory authorities, which may include fines
and penalties on our operations in China, limitations on our operating privileges in China, restrictions on
or prohibition of the payments or remittance of dividends by our subsidiaries in China, restrictions on
or delays to our future financing transactions offshore, or other actions that could have a material and
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, reputation and prospects, as
well as the trading price of our ADSs.


However, the PRC government has recently indicated an intent to exert more oversight and control over
offerings that are conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers. For more
detailed information, see “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Doing Business in China—Recent regulatory
developments in China may subject us to additional regulatory review and disclosure requirements,
expose us to government interference, or otherwise restrict or completely hinder our ability to offer
securities and raise capital outside China, which could adversely affect our business operations and
cause the value of our securities to significantly decline or become worthless.”




                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   103
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS



      DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OTHER THAN EQUITY
      SECURITIES
      AMERICAN DEPOSITARY SHARES
      Fees and Charges Our ADS holders May Have to Pay
      An ADS holder will be required to pay the following service fees to the depositary, Citibank, N.A.:



      Service                                                Fees

      •      Issuance of ADSs                                Up to U.S. 5¢ per ADS issued


      •      Cancellation of ADSs                            Up to U.S. 5¢ per ADS canceled


      •      Distribution of cash dividends or other cash    Up to U.S. 5¢ per ADS held
             distributions


      •      Distribution of ADSs pursuant to stock          Up to U.S. 5¢ per ADS held
             dividends, free stock distributions or
             exercise of rights


      •      Distribution of securities other than ADSs or   Up to U.S. 5¢ per ADS held
             rights to purchase additional ADSs


      •      Depositary Services                             Up to U.S. 5¢ per ADS held on the applicable record
                                                                date(s) established by the Depositary
                                                                (U.S. 2¢ per ADS for the year of 2021)

      An ADS holder will also be responsible to pay certain fees and expenses incurred by the depositary and
      certain taxes and governmental charges such as:


      •      Fees for the transfer and registration of ordinary shares charged by the registrar and transfer
             agent for the ordinary shares in the Cayman Islands (i.e., upon deposit and withdrawal of ordinary
             shares).


      •      Expenses incurred for converting foreign currency into U.S. dollars.


      •      Expenses for cable, telex and fax transmissions and for delivery of securities.


      •      Taxes and duties upon the transfer of securities (i.e., when ordinary shares are deposited or
             withdrawn from deposit).


      •      Fees and expenses incurred in connection with the delivery or servicing of ordinary shares on
             deposit.




104   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                          OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


Depositary fees payable upon the issuance and cancellation of ADSs are typically paid to the depositary
banks by the brokers (on behalf of their clients) receiving the newly issued ADSs from the depositary
banks and by the brokers (on behalf of their clients) delivering the ADSs to the depositary banks for
cancellation. The brokers in turn charge these fees to their clients. Depositary fees payable in connection
with distributions of cash or securities to ADS holders and the depositary services fee are charged by the
depositary banks to the holders of record of ADSs as of the applicable ADS record date.


The depositary fees payable for cash distributions are generally deducted from the cash being
distributed. In the case of distributions other than cash (i.e., stock dividend, rights), the depositary banks
charge the applicable fee to the ADS record date holders concurrent with the distribution. In the case of
ADSs registered in the name of the investor (whether certificated or uncertificated in direct registration),
the depositary banks send invoices to the applicable record date ADS holders. In the case of ADSs
held in brokerage and custodian accounts (via The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”)), the depositary
banks generally collects its fees through the systems provided by DTC (whose nominee is the registered
holder of the ADSs held in DTC) from the brokers and custodians holding ADSs in their DTC accounts.
The brokers and custodians who hold their clients’ ADSs in DTC accounts in turn charge their clients’
accounts the amount of the fees paid to the depositary banks.


In the event of refusal to pay the depositary fees, the depositary may, under the terms of the deposit
agreement, refuse the requested service until payment is received or may set off the amount of the
depositary fees from any distribution to be made to the ADS holder.


The fees and charges an ADS holder may be required to pay may vary over time and may be changed by
us and by the depositary. An ADS holder will receive prior notice of such changes.


Fees and Other Payments Made by the Depositary to Us
The depositary may reimburse us for certain expenses incurred by us in respect of the ADR program
established pursuant to the deposit agreement, by making available a portion of the depositary fees
charged in respect of the ADR program or otherwise, upon such terms and conditions as we and the
depositary may agree from time to time. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we have received a total
of RMB29 million (US$5 million) from the depositary as reimbursement for our expenses incurred in
connection with investor relationship programs related to the ADS program.


DEALING AND SETTLEMENT OF ORDINARY SHARES IN HONG KONG
Our ordinary shares trade on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in board lots of 100 ordinary shares.
Dealings in our ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange are conducted in Hong Kong dollars.


The transaction costs of dealings in our ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange include:


•      Hong Kong Stock Exchange trading fee of 0.005% of the consideration of the transaction, charged
       to each of the buyer and seller;


•      SFC transaction levy of 0.0027% of the consideration of the transaction, charged to each of the
       buyer and seller;




                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021    105
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


      •      Financial Reporting Council (FRC) transaction levy of 0.00015% of the consideration of the
             transaction, charged to each of the buyer and seller;


      •      trading tariff of HK$0.50 on each and every purchase or sale transaction. The decision on whether
             or not to pass the trading tariff onto investors is at the discretion of brokers;


      •      transfer deed stamp duty of HK$5.00 per transfer deed (if applicable), payable by the seller;


      •      ad valorem stamp duty at a total rate of 0.26% of the value of the transaction, with 0.13% payable
             by each of the buyer and the seller;


      •      stock settlement fee, which is currently 0.002% of the gross transaction value, subject to a
             minimum fee of HK$2.00 and a maximum fee of HK$100.00 per side per trade;


      •      brokerage commission, which is freely negotiable with the broker (other than brokerage
             commissions for IPO transactions which are currently set at 1% of the subscription or purchase
             price and will be payable by the person subscribing for or purchasing the securities); and


      •      the Hong Kong share registrar will charge between HK$2.50 to HK$20, depending on the speed
             of service (or such higher fee as may from time to time be permitted under the Hong Kong Listing
             Rules), for each transfer of ordinary shares from one registered owner to another, each share
             certificate canceled or issued by it and any applicable fee as stated in the share transfer forms
             used in Hong Kong.


      Investors must settle their trades executed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange through their brokers
      directly or through custodians. For an investor who has deposited his or her ordinary shares in his
      or her stock account or in his or her designated Central Clearing and Settlement System, or CCASS,
      participant’s stock account maintained with CCASS, settlement will be effected in CCASS in accordance
      with the General Rules of CCASS and CCASS Operational Procedures in effect from time to time. For an
      investor who holds the physical certificates, settlement certificates and the duly executed transfer forms
      must be delivered to his or her broker or custodian before the settlement date.


      CONVERSION BETWEEN ADSS AND ORDINARY SHARES
      Our branch register of members in Hong Kong, or the Hong Kong share register, is maintained by our
      Hong Kong share registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited. Our principal register
      of members, or the Cayman share register, is maintained by our principal share registrar, Conyers Trust
      Company (Cayman) Limited.


      All ordinary shares offered in the Hong Kong public offering have been registered on the Hong Kong share
      register in order to be listed and traded on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. As described in further detail
      below, holders of ordinary shares registered on the Hong Kong share register will be able to convert these
      shares into ADSs, and vice versa.




106   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


In connection with the Hong Kong public offering, and to facilitate fungibility and conversion between
ADSs and ordinary shares and trading between NASDAQ and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, we moved
a portion of our issued ordinary shares from our principal register of members maintained in the Cayman
Islands to our Hong Kong share register.


CONVERTING ORDINARY SHARES TRADING IN HONG KONG INTO ADSS
An investor who holds ordinary shares registered in Hong Kong and who intends to convert them to
ADSs to trade on Nasdaq must deposit or have his or her broker deposit the ordinary shares with the
depositary’s Hong Kong custodian, Citibank, N.A., Hong Kong, or the custodian, in exchange for ADSs.


A deposit of ordinary shares trading in Hong Kong in exchange for ADSs involves the following
procedures:


•     If ordinary shares have been deposited with CCASS, the investor must transfer ordinary shares to
      the depositary’s account with the custodian within CCASS by following the CCASS procedures for
      transfer and submit and deliver a duly completed and signed conversion form to the depositary via
      his or her broker.


•     If ordinary shares are held outside CCASS, the investor must arrange to deposit, his or her ordinary
      shares into CCASS for delivery to the depositary’s account with the custodian within CCASS,
      submit and deliver a request for conversion form to the custodian and after duly completing and
      signing such conversion form, deliver such conversion form to the custodian.


•     Upon payment of its fees and expenses and of any taxes or charges, such as stamp taxes or stock
      transfer taxes or fees, if applicable, the depositary will issue the corresponding number of ADSs in
      the name(s) requested by an investor and will deliver the ADSs to the designated DTC account of
      the person(s) designated


For ordinary shares deposited in CCASS, under normal circumstances, the above steps generally require
two business days. For ordinary shares held outside CCASS in physical form, the above steps may take
14 business days, or more, to complete. Temporary delays may arise. For example, the transfer books of
the depositary may from time to time be closed to ADS issuances. The investor will be unable to trade the
ADSs until the procedures are completed.


CONVERTING ADSS TO ORDINARY SHARES TRADING IN HONG KONG
An investor who holds ADSs and who intends to convert his/her ADSs into ordinary shares to trade on the
Hong Kong Stock Exchange must cancel the ADSs the investor holds and withdraw ordinary shares from
our ADS program and cause his or her broker or other financial institution to trade such ordinary shares
on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


An investor that holds ADSs indirectly through a broker should follow the broker’s procedure and instruct
the broker to arrange for cancelation of the ADSs, and transfer of the underlying ordinary shares from
the depositary’s account with the custodian within the CCASS system to the investor’s Hong Kong stock
account.




                                                                    Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   107
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


      For investors holding ADSs directly, the following steps must be taken:


      •      To withdraw ordinary shares from our ADS program, an investor who holds ADSs may turn in such
             ADSs at the office of the depositary (and the applicable ADR(s) if the ADSs are held in certificated
             form), and send an instruction to cancel such ADSs to the depositary.


      •      Upon payment or net of its fees and expenses and of any taxes or charges, such as stamp taxes
             or stock transfer taxes or fees, if applicable, the depositary will cancel the ADSs and instruct
             the custodian to deliver ordinary shares underlying the canceled ADSs to the CCASS account
             designated by an investor.


      •      If an investor prefers to receive ordinary shares outside CCASS, he or she must receive ordinary
             shares in CCASS first and then arrange for withdrawal from CCASS. Investors can then obtain a
             transfer form signed by HKSCC Nominees Limited (as the transferor) and register ordinary shares
             in their own names with the Hong Kong share registrar.


      For ordinary shares to be received in CCASS, under normal circumstances, the above steps generally
      require two business days. For ordinary shares to be received outside CCASS in physical form, the above
      steps may take 14 business days, or more, to complete. The investor will be unable to trade the ordinary
      shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange until the procedures are completed.


      Temporary delays may arise. For example, the transfer books of the depositary may from time to time
      be closed to ADS cancellations. In addition, completion of the above steps and procedures is subject
      to there being a sufficient number of ordinary shares on the Hong Kong share register to facilitate a
      withdrawal from the ADS program directly into the CCASS system. We are not under any obligation to
      maintain or increase the number of ordinary shares on the Hong Kong share register to facilitate such
      withdrawals.


      DEPOSITARY REQUIREMENTS
      Before the depositary issues ADSs or permits withdrawal of ordinary shares, the depositary may require:


      •      production of satisfactory proof of the identity and genuineness of any signature or other
             information it deems necessary; and


      •      compliance with procedures it may establish, from time to time, consistent with the deposit
             agreement, including, but not limited to, presentation of transfer documents.


      The depositary may refuse to deliver, transfer, or register issuances, transfers and cancelations of ADSs
      generally when the transfer books of the depositary or our Hong Kong share registrar are closed or at any
      time if the depositary or we determine it advisable to do so.


      All costs attributable to the transfer of ordinary shares to effect a withdrawal from or deposit of ordinary
      shares into our ADS program will be borne by the investor requesting the transfer. In particular, holders
      of ordinary shares and ADSs should note that the Hong Kong share registrar will charge between




108   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                        OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


HK$2.50 to HK$20, depending on the speed of service (or such higher fee as may from time to time be
permitted under the Hong Kong Listing Rules), for each transfer of ordinary shares from one registered
owner to another, each share certificate canceled or issued by it and any applicable fee as stated in the
share transfer forms used in Hong Kong. In addition, holders of ordinary shares and ADSs must pay up
to US$5.00 per 100 ADSs for each issuance of ADSs and each cancelation of ADSs, as the case may be,
in connection with the deposit of ordinary shares into, or withdrawal of ordinary shares from, our ADS
program.


DIVIDEND POLICY
On January 3, 2020, we declared a cash dividend of US$0.34 per ordinary share, or US$0.34 per ADS.
Cash dividends are paid in U.S. dollars, and the total amount of cash distributed for the dividend was
approximately US$100 million, which was paid in full by February 5, 2020. The cash dividend per ordinary
share presented in this paragraph did not retroactively reflect the Share Subdivision.


On March 3, 2022, we declared a cash dividend of US$0.021 per ordinary share, or US$0.21 per ADS.
Cash dividends are paid in U.S. dollars, and the total amount of cash distributed for the dividend was
approximately US$68 million, which was paid in full in April 2022.


We are a holding company with no material operations of our own. We conduct our operations primarily
through our subsidiaries in China, as well as our subsidiaries in Europe and other jurisdictions. As a
result, our ability to pay dividends and to finance any debt we may incur depends upon dividends paid
to us by our subsidiaries. If our subsidiaries or any newly formed subsidiaries incur debt on their own
behalf in the future, the instruments governing their debt may restrict their ability to pay dividends to us.
In addition, our PRC subsidiaries are permitted to pay dividends to us only out of their retained earnings,
if any, as determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. Pursuant to laws
applicable to entities incorporated in the PRC, our subsidiaries in the PRC must make appropriations
from after-tax profit to non-distributable reserve funds. These reserve funds include one or more of the
following: (i) a general reserve, (ii) an enterprise expansion fund and (iii) a staff bonus and welfare fund.
Subject to certain cumulative limits, the general reserve fund requires an annual appropriation of 10%
of after-tax profit (as determined under accounting principles generally accepted in the PRC at each
year-end) until the accumulative amount of such reserve fund reaches 50% of its registered capital;
the other fund appropriations are at the subsidiaries’ discretion. These reserve funds can only be used
for specific purposes of enterprise expansion, staff bonus and welfare, and are not distributable as
cash dividends. We may make a moderate dividend distribution every year with the range of 0.5% to
2.0% of our market capitalization from current year net income. If we pay any dividends, we will pay our
ADS holders to the same extent as holders of our ordinary shares, subject to the terms of the deposit
agreement, including the fees and expenses payable thereunder. We are restricted from distributing cash
dividends until June 30, 2021 pursuant to the waiver from certain financial covenants that we obtained
on April 17, 2020 for our syndicated bank loans. In March 2022, we announced that our board of directors
declared a cash dividend of approximately US$68millon. To facilitate this dividend distribution and meet
the oversea treasury demand, certain amount of dividends from our PRC subsidiaries to our oversea
subsidiaries was planned. Other than these dividends distributions, we intend to indefinitely reinvest the
remaining undistributed earnings of our PRC subsidiaries.




                                                                       Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   109
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


      Our German subsidiaries are permitted to pay dividends from their distributable profit as long as there
      are no agreements, such as debt covenants, that restrict such payments, in which regulations applying
      to stock corporations (Aktiengesellschaft ) have to be taken into account. See “Management Discussion
      and Analysis – Operating Results – Outstanding Indebtedness” for more information. The distributable
      profit is calculated based on the respective subsidiary’s annual unconsolidated financial statements
      prepared in accordance with the German accounting principles, namely, the general accounting
      principles stated in the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch ). Distributions of dividends on
      shares of stock corporations (Aktiengesellschaften ) for a given financial year are generally determined
      by a process in which the management board (Vorstand ) and supervisory board (Aufsichtsrat ) submit
      a proposal to the annual general shareholders’ meeting (Hauptversammlung ) held in the subsequent
      financial year and such annual general shareholders’ meeting (Hauptversammlung ) adopts a resolution.
      German law provides that a resolution concerning dividends and distribution thereof may be adopted
      only on the basis of a balance sheet profit (Bilanzgewinn ) shown in the company’s adopted annual
      single entity financial statements (festgestellter Jahresabschluss ). If the management board and
      supervisory board adopt the financial statements, they can (but are not obliged to) allocate an amount
      of up to half of the company’s net income for the year to other surplus reserves. Additions to the legal
      reserves and loss carryforwards must be deducted in advance when calculating the amount of net
      income for the year to be allocated to other surplus reserves. Dividends on shares resolved by the
      general shareholders’ meeting (Hauptversammlung ) are paid annually, generally shortly after the annual
      shareholders’ meeting (Hauptversammlung ), in compliance with the rules of the respective clearing
      system. Dividend payment claims by shareholders are subject to a three-year statute of limitations.
      Details concerning any dividends resolved by the annual shareholders’ meeting (Hauptversammlung ) and
      the respective paying agents specified by the company will be published in the electronic version of the
      Federal Gazette (elektronischer Bundesanzeiger ). The German subsidiaries are mainly integrated into
      Steigenberger Hotels AG through control and profit and loss transfer agreements (Beherrschungs - und
      Gewinnabführungsverträge ) in such a way that its annual profits or losses are automatically transferred
      to Steigenberger Hotels AG. Steigenberger Hotels AG is prohibited from conducting dividend distribution
      during the 60-month term of a facility it obtained in July 2020.


      Pursuant to the Companies Act 1967 of Singapore, dividends are only payable out of profits. Typically, the
      directors will recommend a particular rate of dividend and the company in general meeting will declare
      the dividend subject to the maximum recommended by the directors.


      Subject to certain contractual restrictions, our board of directors has complete discretion in deciding
      whether to distribute dividends and the dividend amounts within the approved range. Other than these
      dividends distributions, we intend to indefinitely reinvest the remaining undistributed earnings of our
      PRC subsidiaries.




110   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                       OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS



PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES BY THE ISSUER AND
AFFILIATED PURCHASERS
We announced a share repurchase program approved by our board of directors on August 21, 2019.
Under the terms of the approved program, we may repurchase up to $750 million worth of our issued
and outstanding ADSs in open market at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated transaction,
depending on market conditions and other factors, as well as in accordance with restrictions relating
to volume, price and timing. This share repurchase plan will be effective for five years. Our board of
directors review the share repurchase program periodically, and may authorize adjustment of its terms
and size accordingly. The share repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time. We
did not repurchase any ADSs under this program in 2019. and 2020. We repurchased 640 ADSs in 2021.
The following table sets forth information about our purchases of outstanding ADSs in 2021.


                                                                                        (d) Approximately
                                                                   (c) Total Number        Dollar Value of
                                                                             of ADSs       ADSs that May
                                                   (b) Average         Purchased as     Yet be Purchased
                        (a) Total Number             Price Paid      Part of Publicly     Under the Plans
                                 of ADSs              per ADSs     Announced Plans            or Programs
Period                        Purchased                  (US$)          or Programs        (in US$ million)

January 2021
February 2021                           –                     –                     –                    750
March 2021                              –                     –                     –                    750
April 2021                              –                     –                     –                    750
May 2021                                –                     –                     –                    750
June 2021                               –                     –                     –                    750
July 2021                               –                     –                     –                    750
August 2021                             –                     –                     –                    750
September 2021                          –                     –                     –                    750
October 2021                            –                     –                     –                    750
November 2021                           –                     –                     –                    750
December 2021                         640                 33.15                  640                     750




                                                                     Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   111
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS



      TAXATION
      The following summary of the material Cayman Islands, People’s Republic of China and United States
      federal income tax consequences of an investment in our ADSs or ordinary shares is based upon laws
      and relevant interpretations thereof in effect as of the date of this annual report, all of which are subject
      to change. This summary does not deal with all possible tax consequences relating to an investment in
      our ADSs or ordinary shares, such as the tax consequences under state, local and other tax laws.


      CAYMAN ISLANDS TAXATION
      The Cayman Islands currently levies no taxes on individuals or corporations based upon profits, income,
      gains or appreciation and there is no taxation in the nature of inheritance tax or estate duty. There
      are no other taxes likely to be material to us or to holders of our ADSs or ordinary shares levied by the
      Government of the Cayman Islands except for stamp duties which may be applicable on instruments
      executed in, brought to, or produced before a court of the Cayman Islands. The Cayman Islands is a party
      to a double taxation treaty with the United Kingdom but otherwise is not party to any double tax treaties.
      There are no exchange control regulations or currency restrictions in the Cayman Islands.


      PRC TAXATION
      PRC taxation on us
      •      Enterprise Income Tax

             On March 16, 2007, the National People’s Congress, the Chinese legislature, passed the Enterprise
            Income Tax Law , which was amended in December 2018, and on December 6, 2007, the PRC State
             Council issued the Implementation Regulations of the Enterprise Income Tax Law , which was
             amended in April 2019, both of which became effective on January 1, 2008. The Enterprise Income
             Tax Law and its Implementation Regulations, or the EIT Law, applies a uniform 25% enterprise
             income tax rate to PRC resident enterprises, including both foreign-invested enterprises and
             domestic enterprises. The EIT Law restructures China’s tax preference policy under the general
             principle that industries and projects that are encouraged and supported by the State may enjoy
             tax preferential treatment. For example, enterprises classified as “high and new technology
             enterprises strongly supported by the State” are entitled to a 15% enterprise income tax rate.
             Enterprises classified as “small and micro businesses” enjoy a preferential tax rate of 20% with a
             discount to taxable income.




112   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                 OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


The EIT Law provides that enterprises established outside of China whose “de facto management
bodies” are located in China are considered “resident enterprises.” The “de facto management
body” is defined as the organizational body that effectively exercises overall management
and control over production and business operations, personnel, finance and accounting, and
properties of the enterprise. The State Taxation Administration, or the STA (previously known
as State Administration of Taxation, or the SAT), issued the Notice Regarding the Determination
of Chinese-Controlled Offshore Incorporated Enterprises as PRC Tax Resident Enterprises
on the Basis of De Facto Management Bodies , or Circular 82, on April 22, 2009. Circular 82
provides certain specific criteria for determining whether the “de facto management body” of a
PRC-controlled offshore incorporated enterprise is located in China, which include: (a) the location
where senior management members responsible for an enterprise’s daily operations discharge
their duties; (b) the location where financial and human resource decisions are made or approved
by organizations or persons; (c) the location where the major assets and corporate documents
are kept; and (d) the location where more than half (inclusive) of all directors with voting
rights or senior management have their habitual residence. In addition, the STA issued Public
Announcement [2011] No. 45 in 2011 and Public Announcement [2014] No.9 in 2014, providing
more guidance on the implementation of Circular 82 and clarifying matters including resident
status determination, post-determination administration and competent tax authorities. The
above-mentioned tax circulars apply only to offshore enterprises controlled by PRC enterprises or
PRC enterprise groups and are not applicable to our case. But the determining criteria set forth in
such tax circulars may reflect the STA’s general position on how the “de facto management body”
test should be applied in determining the tax resident status of offshore enterprises, regardless
of whether they are controlled by PRC enterprises or PRC enterprise groups or by PRC or foreign
individuals. Currently, there are no further detailed rules or precedents applicable to us regarding
the procedures and specific criteria for determining “de facto management body” for a company
like us. As such, it is still unclear if the PRC tax authorities would determine that, notwithstanding
our status as the Cayman Islands holding company of our operating business in China, we should
be classified as a PRC “resident enterprise”.


The EIT Law imposes an enterprise income tax of 10% on dividends distributed by a
foreign-invested enterprise to its immediate holding company outside of China, if such immediate
holding company is considered a “non-resident enterprise” without any establishment or place
within China or if the received dividends have no connection with the establishment or place
of such immediate holding company within China, unless such immediate holding company’s
jurisdiction of incorporation has a tax treaty with China that provides for a preferential withholding
tax rate. A holding company which is a tax resident in Hong Kong, for example, would be subject to
a 5% withholding tax rate on the dividends received from its PRC subsidiary if the holding company
owns at least 25% equity in the PRC subsidiary and is the beneficial owner of the dividends.




                                                               Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   113
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


             The EIT Law provides that PRC resident enterprises are generally subject to the uniform 25%
             enterprise income tax rate on their worldwide income. Therefore, if we are treated as a PRC
             “resident enterprise”, we will be subject to PRC income tax on our worldwide income at the 25%
             uniform tax rate, which could have an impact on our effective tax rate and an adverse effect on our
             net income and results of operations, although we would be exempt from enterprise income tax
             on dividends distributed from our PRC subsidiaries to us, since such dividend income distributed
             to a PRC resident enterprise is exempted from enterprise income tax under the EIT Law. However,
             if we are required under the EIT Law to pay income tax on any dividends we receive from our PRC
             subsidiaries, our income tax expenses will increase and the amount of dividends, if any, we may
             pay to our shareholders and ADS holders may be materially and adversely affected.


      •      Value-added Tax

             On March 23, 2016, the Ministry of Finance of China (the “MOF”), and the STA jointly issued the
            Circular on the Nationwide Implementation of Pilot Program for the Collection of Value Added-Tax
            Instead of Business Tax , or Circular 36, which became effective on May 1, 2016. Pursuant to
             Circular 36, most of our PRC subsidiaries’ business are subject to value-added tax, or VAT, at a
             rate of 6% as general VAT taxpayers, and they would be permitted to offset input VAT by providing
             valid VAT special invoices received from vendors against their VAT liability.


             On March 20, 2019, the MOF, the STA and the General Administration of Customs of China
             jointly issued the Public Announcement on Strengthening the VAT Reform Policies , or Public
             Announcement [2019] No. 39, pursuant to which, during the period from April 1, 2019 to December
             31, 2021, a general VAT taxpayer engaging in the provision of living services, postal service,
             telecommunications service or modern services with sales revenue from the provision of such
             services accounting for more than 50% of its total sales revenue is allowed to deduct extra
             10% of the deductible input VAT for the current period from the VAT payable. Such rate of extra
             deduction of input VAT was increased to 15% during the period from October 1, 2019 to December
             31, 2021 for general VAT taxpayers engaging in provision of living services with sales revenue
             from the provision of living services accounting for more than 50% of its total sales revenue
             pursuant to the Public Announcement on Clarifying the VAT Super Deduction Policy for the Living
            Service Sector , or Public Announcement [2019] No. 87, jointly issued by the MOF and the STA
             on September 30, 2019. Our PRC subsidiaries that provide living services and meet the required
             criteria stipulated in Public Announcement [2019] No. 39 and Public Announcement [2019] No. 87
             would be permitted to enjoy such extra deduction of input VAT at a rate of 10% during period from
             April 1, 2019 to September 30, 2019, and at a rate of 15% during period from October 1, 2019 to
             December 31, 2021, and PRC subsidiaries that provide non-living services but meet the required
             criteria stipulated in Public Announcement [2019] No. 39 would be permitted to enjoy such extra
             deduction of input VAT at a rate of 10% during period from April 1, 2019 to December 31, 2021.
             The above-mentioned super VAT deduction policy was extended to December 31, 2022 pursuant to
             Public Announcement [2022] No. 11 jointly issued by the MOF and the STA on March 3, 2022. It is
             uncertain whether such preferential policy will continue to be applicable upon expiry.




114   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                       OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


       On February 6, 2020, the MOF and the STA jointly issued the Public Announcement on Tax Policies
      to Support Prevention and Control of Pneumonia Caused by COVID-19 , or Public Announcement
       [2020] No.8, which retroactively came into force on January 1, 2020, providing that revenue
       derived by VAT taxpayers from provision of living services shall be temporarily exempted from VAT
       from January 1, 2020. VAT taxpayers that elect to enjoy such temporary VAT exemption would not
       be permitted to issue VAT general invoices to customers. Such temporary VAT exemption policy
       was extended to March 31, 2021 pursuant to Public Announcement [2021] No. 7 jointly issued by
       the MOF and the STA on March 17, 2021, and was no longer applicable upon expiry.


PRC taxation of our overseas shareholders.
Under the EIT Law, PRC enterprise income tax at the rate of 10% is applicable to dividends payable to
investors that are “non-resident enterprises”, which do not have an establishment or place of business in
the PRC, or which have such establishment or place of business but the relevant income is not effectively
connected with the establishment or place of business, to the extent such dividends have their sources
within the PRC. Similarly, any gain realized on the transfer of ADSs or ordinary shares by such investors
is also subject to 10% PRC enterprise income tax if such gain is regarded as income derived from
sources within the PRC. Therefore, if we are considered a PRC “resident enterprise”, dividends we pay to
non-resident enterprise investors with respect to our ADSs or ordinary shares and the gains realized from
the transfer of our ADSs or ordinary shares may be considered as income derived from sources within the
PRC and be subject to PRC enterprise income tax at a rate of 10% or lower, subject to the provisions of
any applicable bilateral tax treaty. The double taxation treaty between the PRC and the United States, or
the Treaty, does not reduce the 10% tax rate.


Moreover, non-resident individual investors are required to pay PRC individual income tax at the rate
of 20% instead of 10% enterprise income tax on dividends payable to the investors or any capital gains
realized from the transfer of ADSs or ordinary shares if such gains are deemed income derived from
sources within the PRC, unless there is an applicable tax treaty providing exemption or for a lower
withholding tax rate. Under the PRC Individual Income Tax Law (as amended), or IITL, non-resident
individual refers to an individual who has no domicile in China and does not stay in the territory of
China or who has no domicile in China and has stayed in the territory of China for less than 183 days in
aggregate in a calendar year. Pursuant to the IITL and its implementation rules, for purposes of the PRC
capital gains tax, the taxable income will be the balance of the transfer price for the transfer of the ADSs
or ordinary shares minus the original value and related taxes paid for such transfer. Therefore, if we are
considered a PRC resident enterprise and dividends we pay with respect to our ADSs or ordinary shares
and the gains realized from the transfer of our ADSs or ordinary shares are considered income derived
from sources within the PRC by relevant competent PRC tax authorities, such dividends and gains earned
by non-resident individuals may be subject to PRC individual income tax.




                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   115
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS



      UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS
      The following is a description of material U.S. federal income tax consequences to the U.S. Holders
      described below of owning and disposing of ordinary shares or ADSs, but it does not purport to be a
      comprehensive description of all tax considerations that may be relevant to a particular person’s decision
      to own such ordinary shares or ADSs. This discussion applies only to a U.S. Holder that holds ordinary
      shares or ADSs as capital assets within the meaning of Section 1221 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code
      of 1986, as amended (the “Code”). In addition, it does not describe all of the tax consequences that
      may be relevant in light of a U.S. Holder’s particular circumstances, including alternative minimum tax
      consequences, the Medicare tax on net investment income, and different tax consequences that may
      apply to U.S. Holders subject to special rules, such as:


      •      certain financial institutions;


      •      dealers or traders in securities who use a mark-to-market method of tax accounting;


      •      persons holding ordinary shares or ADSs as part of a straddle, wash sale, conversion transaction
             or integrated transaction or persons entering into a constructive sale with respect to the ordinary
             shares or ADSs;


      •      persons whose functional currency for U.S. federal income tax purposes is not the U.S. dollar;


      •      entities or arrangements that are treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes (or
             partners therein);


      •      tax-exempt entities;


      •      persons that own or are deemed to own ten percent or more of our ordinary shares (measured by
             voting power or value); or


      •      persons who acquired our ordinary shares or ADSs pursuant to the exercise of an employee stock
             option or otherwise as compensation.




116   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                        OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


This discussion is based on the Code, administrative pronouncements, judicial decisions, final,
temporary and proposed Treasury regulations, all as of the date hereof, and any of which is subject to
change, possibly with retroactive effect. It is also based in part on representations by the depositary and
assumes that each obligation under the deposit agreement and any related agreement will be performed
in accordance with its terms.


A “U.S. Holder” is a beneficial owner of ordinary shares or ADSs that is a citizen or resident of the United
States or a U.S. domestic corporation or that otherwise is subject to U.S. federal income taxation on a
net income basis in respect of such ordinary shares or ADSs. In general, a U.S. Holder who owns ADSs
will be treated as the owner of the underlying ordinary shares represented by those ADSs for U.S. federal
income tax purposes. The remainder of this discussion assumes that a U.S. Holder of our ADSs will be
treated as the beneficial owner of the underlying ordinary shares represented by the ADSs.


U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers concerning the U.S. federal, state, local and foreign tax
consequences of owning and disposing of ordinary shares or ADSs in their particular circumstances.


Taxation of Distributions
Subject to the discussion under “–Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules” below, distributions paid
on ordinary shares or ADSs, other than certain pro rata distributions of ordinary shares, will be treated
as dividends to the extent paid out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits (as determined
under U.S. federal income tax principles). Because we do not maintain calculations of our earnings and
profits under U.S. federal income tax principles, it is expected that distributions generally will be treated
as dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes.




                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   117
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


      A non-corporate recipient of dividend income from a “qualified foreign corporation” will generally be
      subject to tax at a reduced U.S. federal tax rate rather than the marginal tax rates generally applicable to
      ordinary income provided that certain holding period and other requirements are met. A non-U.S.
      corporation will generally be considered to be a qualified foreign corporation (a) if it is eligible for
      the benefits of a comprehensive tax treaty with the United States which the Secretary of Treasury
      of the United States determines is satisfactory for purposes of this provision and which includes an
      exchange of information program, or (b) with respect to any dividend it pays on stock or that are readily
      tradable on an established securities market in the United States, provided, in both cases, that the
      corporation is not a PFIC for the taxable year in which the dividend is paid or the preceding taxable year.
      Our ADSs are listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, and will qualify as readily tradable on an
      established securities market in the United States so long as they are so listed. As discussed below in
      “Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules”, based on our financial statements and relevant market
      and shareholder data, we believe that we should not be treated as a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax
      purposes with respect to our 2020 and 2021 taxable years. In addition, based on our financial statements
      and our current expectations regarding the value and nature of our assets, the sources and nature of our
      income, and relevant market and shareholder data, we do not anticipate becoming a PFIC for our 2022
      taxable year. Since our ordinary shares are not themselves listed on an established securities market in
      the United States, dividends that we pay on our ordinary shares that are not backed by ADSs may not be
      eligible for the reduced tax rate. If, however, we are deemed to be a resident enterprise under the PRC
      Enterprise Income Tax Law, we may be eligible for the benefits of the Treaty (which the U.S. Treasury has
      determined is satisfactory for this purpose) and in that case we would be treated as a qualified foreign
      corporation with respect to dividends paid on our ordinary shares or ADSs. Each non-corporate U.S.
      Holder is advised to consult its tax advisors regarding the availability of the reduced tax rate applicable
      to qualified dividend income for any dividends we pay with respect to our ADSs or ordinary shares. The
      amount of the dividend will be treated as foreign-source dividend income to U.S. Holders and will not be
      eligible for the dividends-received deduction generally available to U.S. corporations under the Code.


      Dividends we pay may be subject to PRC withholding tax. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, the
      amount of any dividend will include amounts withheld in respect of such PRC withholding tax. See “Other
      Information for Shareholders – Taxation – PRC Taxation.” As a result of recent changes to the foreign
      tax credit rules, for taxable years beginning after December 28, 2021, any PRC income tax withheld from
      dividends on our ordinary shares or ADSs is unlikely to be treated as creditable unless the U.S. Holder
      is eligible for and elects benefits under the Treaty. For years beginning on or before December 28, 2021,
      subject to applicable limitations, some of which may vary depending upon a U.S. Holder’s circumstances,
      PRC income taxes withheld from dividends on ordinary shares or ADSs at a rate not exceeding the rate
      applicable under the Treaty may be creditable against the U.S. Holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability.
      PRC taxes withheld in excess of the rate applicable under the Treaty generally will not be eligible for
      credit against a U.S. Holder’s federal income tax liability. A U.S. Holder who does not claim a foreign
      tax credit for foreign tax withheld may instead claim a deduction, for U.S. federal income tax purposes,
      in respect of such taxes, but only for a year in which such U.S. Holder elects to do so for all creditable
      foreign income taxes. The rules governing foreign tax credits are complex, and U.S. Holders should
      consult their tax advisers regarding the creditability of foreign taxes in their particular circumstances.




118   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                        OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


Dividends will be included in a U.S. Holder’s income on the date of the U.S. Holder’s, or in the case of
ADSs, the depositary’s, actual or constructive receipt of the dividend. The amount of any dividend income
paid in RMB will be the U.S. dollar amount calculated by reference to the exchange rate in effect on the
date of receipt, regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars. If the dividend
is converted into U.S. dollars on the date of receipt, a U.S. Holder should not be required to recognize
foreign currency gain or loss in respect of the dividend income. A U.S. Holder may have foreign currency
gain or loss, which would be U.S. source ordinary gain or loss, if the dividend is converted into U.S. dollars
after the date of receipt.


Sales or Other Dispositions of Ordinary Shares or ADSs
For U.S. federal income tax purposes, gain or loss realized on the sale or other disposition of ordinary
shares or ADSs will be capital gain or loss, and will be long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. Holder
held the ordinary shares or ADSs for more than one year. The amount of the gain or loss will equal the
difference between the U.S. Holder’s tax basis in the ordinary shares or ADSs disposed of and the amount
realized on the disposition, in each case as determined in U.S. dollars. The deductibility of capital losses
is subject to limitations.


As described in “– PRC Taxation – PRC taxation on us,” if we were deemed to be a tax resident enterprise
under PRC tax law, gains from dispositions of our ordinary shares or ADSs may be subject to PRC
withholding tax. In that case, a U.S. Holder’s amount realized would include the gross amount of the
proceeds of the sale or disposition before deduction of the PRC tax. Although any such gain of a U.S.
Holder would generally be characterized as U.S.-source income, a U.S. Holder that is eligible for the
benefits of the Treaty may be entitled to elect to treat the gain as foreign-source income for foreign tax
credit purposes. As a result of recent changes to the foreign tax credit rules, for taxable years beginning
after December 28, 2021, any PRC tax imposed on the sale or other disposition of our ordinary shares
or ADSs by a U.S. Holder is unlikely to be treated as creditable unless the U.S. Holder is eligible for and
elects benefits under the Treaty. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding their eligibility
for benefits under the Treaty and the creditability of any PRC tax on dispositions with respect to their
particular circumstances.


Deposits and withdrawals of ordinary shares by U.S. Holders in exchange for ADSs will not result in the
realization of gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes.


Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules
We do not believe we were a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, for U.S. federal income
tax purposes for our 2021 taxable year. However, because PFIC status depends on the composition
of our income and assets and the market value of our assets from time to time, as well as our market
capitalization at the close of each quarter, there can be no assurance that we will not be a PFIC for any
taxable year. While we do not believe we will be or become a PFIC in the current or future taxable years,
the determination of whether we are or will become a PFIC will depend in part upon the value of our
goodwill and other intangible assets (which will depend upon the market price of our ADSs from time to
time, which may be volatile). Among other matters, if our market capitalization declines, we may be or
become a PFIC for the current or future taxable years. It is also possible that the IRS may challenge our
classification or valuation of our goodwill and other intangible assets, which may result in our company
being or becoming a PFIC for the current or one or more future taxable years.


                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021    119
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


      If we were a PFIC for any taxable year during which a U.S. Holder held ordinary shares or ADSs, gain
      recognized by a U.S. Holder on a sale or other disposition (including certain pledges) of the ordinary
      shares or ADSs would be allocated ratably over the U.S. Holder’s holding period for the ordinary shares
      or ADSs. The amounts allocated to the taxable year of the sale or other disposition and to any year before
      we became a PFIC would be taxed as ordinary income. The amount allocated to each other taxable year
      would be subject to tax at the highest rate in effect for individuals or corporations, as appropriate, for
      that taxable year, and an interest charge would be imposed on the amount allocated to that taxable
      year. Further, to the extent that any distribution received by a U.S. Holder on its ordinary shares or ADSs
      exceeds 125% of the average of the annual distributions on the ordinary shares or ADSs received during
      the preceding three years or the U.S. Holder’s holding period, whichever is shorter, that distribution
      would be subject to taxation in the same manner as gain, described immediately above.


      If we were a PFIC, a U.S. Holder could, if certain conditions are met, make a mark-to-market election
      with respect to our ADSs that would result in tax treatment different from the general tax treatment for
      PFICs described above. Because a mark-to-market election cannot be made for any lower-tier PFICs
      that a PFIC may own, a U.S. Holder who makes a mark-to-market election with respect to our ADSs will
      generally continue to be subject to the foregoing rules with respect to such U.S. Holder’s indirect interest
      in any investments held by us that are treated as an equity interest in a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax
      purposes. If a U.S. Holder were to make an effective mark-to-market election for the first year that we
      are a PFIC, the holder generally would recognize as ordinary income any excess of the fair market value
      of the ADSs at the end of each taxable year over its adjusted tax basis, and would recognize an ordinary
      loss in respect of any excess of the adjusted tax basis of the ADSs over their fair market value at the end
      of the taxable year (but only to the extent of the net amount of income previously included as a result
      of the mark-to-market election). If a U.S. Holder makes the election, the holder’s tax basis in the ADSs
      will be adjusted to reflect these income or loss amounts. If we were a PFIC, it is unclear whether our
      ordinary shares would be treated as “marketable stock” eligible for the mark-to-market election. Any
      gain recognized on the sale or other disposition of ADSs in a year when we are a PFIC would be treated
      as ordinary income and any loss would be treated as an ordinary loss (but only to the extent of the net
      amount of income previously included as a result of the mark-to-market election).


      A timely election to treat us as a qualified electing fund under Section 1295 of the Code would also
      result in alternative treatment from the general treatment for PFICs described above (which alternative
      treatment could, in certain circumstances, mitigate the adverse tax consequences of holding shares in a
      PFIC). U.S. Holders should be aware, however, that we do not intend to satisfy record-keeping and other
      requirements or provide relevant information that would permit U.S. Holders to make qualified electing
      fund elections if we were a PFIC.




120   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                        OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


In addition, if we were a PFIC, the favorable rates discussed above with respect to dividends paid to
certain non-corporate U.S. Holders would not apply. Furthermore, if we were a PFIC for any taxable year
during which a U.S. Holder held ordinary shares or ADSs, such U.S. Holder may be required to file a report
(IRS Form 8621 or other relevant form) containing such information as the U.S. Treasury may require. U.S.
Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding the potential application of the PFIC rules, including
potential reporting obligations.


Specified Foreign Financial Assets
Certain U.S. Holders that own “specified foreign financial assets” with an aggregate value in excess
of US$50,000 on the last day of the taxable year or US$75,000 at any time during the taxable year are
generally required to file an information statement along with their tax returns, currently on Form 8938,
with respect to such assets. “Specified foreign financial assets” include any financial accounts held
at a non-U.S. financial institution, as well as securities issued by a non-U.S. issuer that are not held in
accounts maintained by financial institutions. The understatement of income attributable to “specified
foreign financial assets” in excess of US$5,000 extends the statute of limitations with respect to the
tax return to six years after the return was filed. Higher reporting thresholds apply to certain individuals
living abroad and to certain married individuals. Regulations extend this reporting requirement to
certain entities that are treated as formed or availed of to hold direct or indirect interests in specified
foreign financial assets based on certain objective criteria. U.S. Holders who fail to report the required
information could be subject to substantial penalties. Prospective investors should consult their own
tax advisors concerning the application of these rules to their investment in ADSs or ordinary shares,
including the application of the rules to their particular circumstances.


Information Reporting and Backup Withholding
Dividend payments with respect to ADSs or ordinary shares and proceeds from the sale or exchange of
ADSs or ordinary shares may be subject to information reporting to the Internal Revenue Service and
possible U.S. backup withholding. Backup withholding will not apply, however, to a U.S. Holder who
furnishes a correct taxpayer identification number and makes any other required certification or who
is otherwise exempt from backup withholding. U.S. Holders who are required to establish their exempt
status generally must provide such certification on Internal Revenue Service Form W-9. U.S. Holders
should consult their tax advisers regarding the application of the U.S. information reporting and backup
withholding rules.


Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Amounts withheld as backup withholding may be credited
against your U.S. federal income tax liability, and you may obtain a refund of any excess amounts
withheld under the backup withholding rules by timely filing the appropriate claim for refund with the
Internal Revenue Service and furnishing any required information.




                                                                       Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   121
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS



      GERMAN TAXATION
      Income Taxation
      German-based corporations (AG and GmbH) are subject to corporate income tax (CIT) and in general
      also to trade tax, which is a profit tax levied by the municipalities (TT). CIT is charged at a rate of 15%
      on the taxable income. A 5.5% solidarity surcharge is charged on the CIT, resulting in an effective tax
      rate of 15.825%. Trade tax is also charged on the taxable income by the local municipalities whereas
      the tax rates depends on the local multiplier of each municipality. Thus, TT rates vary from town to
      town. Typically, TT is levied at an effective rate of 7% – 17.5%. For Frankfurt, the TT rate amounts to
      16.1% and for Munich to 17.15%. Partnerships themselves (GmbH & Co. KG) that qualifies as so-called
      entrepreneurial partnerships for tax purposes (Mitunternehmerschaften ) are subject to TT but not
      subject to CIT. For CIT purposes, a partnership is tax transparent; i.e., the taxable income of a partnership
      is determined at the level of the partnership itself and then allocated to the partners in proportion to
      their interest in the partnership, irrespective of an actual distribution. In case a partner of a partnership
      is a corporation, the income is subject to CIT at the level of the partners. If the conditions are fulfilled,
      expenses of the partner that arise in connection with its partnership participation are tax deductible from
      the taxable income of the partnership as so-called special purpose expenses (Sonderbetriebsausgaben ),
      subject to general rules that may be applicable in relation to deduction of expenses and further provided
      that the expenses are included in the tax-filing at the level of the partnership.


      German branches/permanent establishments of foreign corporations are subject to CIT and TT. In case
      of permanent establishments, the German double tax treaties generally assign the taxation right to the
      state in which the permanent establishment is located. The participation of a foreign corporation (China
      Lodging Holdings Singapore Pte. Ltd.) in a German partnership (DH Group GmbH & Co. KG) as limited
      partner can create a permanent establishment of the foreign corporation in Germany for CIT and TT
      purposes.


      Participation exemption
      Dividends received by a German corporation are generally exempt from CIT if in particular a participation
      quota of at least 10% at the beginning of the year the dividend distribution takes place is fulfilled and the
      distributed dividend has not reduced the taxable income of the distributing entity; 5% of the dividends
      are deemed as non-deductible business expenses. Consequently, dividends are effectively 95% tax
      exempt. The effective CIT including solidarity surcharge on dividends therefore amounts to approximately
      0.8% (= 5% taxable portion x 15.825% tax rate). This participation exemption applies regardless of
      a minimum holding period or the residence of the subsidiary (German or foreign). The participation
      exemption inter alia does not apply if the shares are held as a trading stock of banks and financial
      institutions.


      The 95% exemption applies to TT under additional requirements. For dividends from German
      corporations the minimum shareholding at the beginning of the year must be at least 15% instead of
      10%; Otherwise, the dividends are fully taxable for TT purposes. The same hold principally true with
      regard to the TT-treatment of dividends from foreign corporations.




122   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                        OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


The 95% participation exemption also applies to capital gains from the disposal of shares in
corporations. Exceptions only apply in case of certain tax neutral restructurings made in the past and in
case of past tax-effective write-downs. The 95% participation exemption for capital gains applies to both
CIT and TT. Again, the participation exemption for capital gains inter alia does not apply if the shares
are held as a trading stock of banks and financial institutions or as an investment of a life or health
insurance company.


Tax group for CIT and TT purposes
A tax group in Germany allows a set-off of taxable income (positive and negative) for CIT and TT purposes
at the level of the entity heading the tax group (parent company). Such tax group requires in particular
the holding of the majority in voting rights (financial integration) from the beginning of the fiscal year
of the parent subsidiary company as well as the implementation and proper execution of a profit and
loss transfer agreement for a fixed minimum period of at least five calendar years. Accordingly, all
profits made as well as all losses suffered at the level of the subsidiary/ies in a tax group as determined
pursuant to German accounting rules (HGB) have to be transferred to or need to be compensated by the
head of the tax group. One advantage of the tax group is that the profit transfer is not subject to dividend
taxation (i.e. no CIT/TT on the 5% non-deductible expenses). Only corporations subject to unlimited
corporate income tax with its place of registered office and management in Germany and seat in a EU or
EEA country can be subsidiaries in a tax group.


Withholding Taxes
Dividends paid by German corporations are subject to withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer ) at a rate
of 25% plus 5.5% solidarity surcharge thereupon. A German resident shareholder in the form of a
corporation may offset the paid withholding tax against its tax burden or if higher than its tax burden get
a refund in the course of the tax assessment. For shareholders which are non-resident in Germany, the
withholding tax may generally become a final tax cost unless exemptions apply.


In this regard, for example, a 40% (resp. two fifths) refund on the withholding tax is granted upon
application at the Federal Central Tax Office (Bundeszentralamt für Steuern ), if the dividend recipient
is domiciled abroad and there is no double taxation treaty with Germany. Therefore, an effective
withholding tax rate of 15.825% on dividends for German non-resident shareholders applies. However,
this refund is subject to enhanced substance requirements.


According to the EU Parent-Subsidiary Directive as implemented into German domestic law, the
withholding tax can be reduced to zero (upon prior application and issuance of a respective tax exemption
certificate), if the dividends are paid by a German subsidiary to its EU shareholder corporation that
has held a 10% minimum participation in the German subsidiary for at least 12 months and respective
substance requirements pursuant to German anti-treaty shopping provisions are met.


Furthermore, based on double tax treaties between Germany and the shareholder’s country of residence,
the withholding tax may be (upon application) reduced to 5% to 15%. Also in these cases, the WHT
reduction has to be applied for and substance requirements have to be met.




                                                                       Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   123
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


      By contrast, profit distributions paid by a partnership (for example, GmbH &Co. KG) are not subject to
      withholding tax because they are qualified as “withdrawals” rather than dividends from a German income
      tax perspective.


      If a partnership receives dividends from its corporate subsidiaries and if these corporate subsidiaries
      are to be actually attributable to the permanent establishment of the German partnership, the dividend
      withholding tax cannot be reclaimed at the level of a partnership but only at the level of its partners. This
      also applies to foreign partners of the German partnership which creates a permanent establishment
      due to the participation in a partnership in Germany and are therefore subject to limited CIT and thus,
      have to file a CIT return in Germany.


      However, reclaiming of the dividend withholding tax in such German CIT return of the foreign partner
      can only be made in case the corporate subsidiaries of the partnership are actually attributable to the
      permanent establishment of the German partnership. As a German partnership is a semi-transparent
      entity, the corporate subsidiaries must be in a functional relationship with the partnership in order to
      be attributed to the German permanent establishment of the partnership. If the corporate subsidiaries
      are not attributable to the permanent establishment of the German partnership, they would be directly
      attributed to the foreign partner of the partnership. In this case, the dividends from such corporations
      would be seen as directly received by the foreign partner and not by the German partnership, leading to
      the application of the general refund procedure explained above (including the prove of substance).


      SINGAPORE TAXATION
      Corporate Tax
      The prevailing corporate tax rate in Singapore is 17% with effect from Year of Assessment 2010. In
      addition, the partial tax exemption scheme for Year of Assessment 2019 and before applies on the first
      S$300,000 of normal chargeable income; specifically 75% of up to the first S$10,000 of a company’s
      normal chargeable income, and 50% of up to the next S$290,000 is exempt from corporate tax. Starting
      from Year of Assessment 2020, the partial tax exemption scheme applies on the first S$200,000 of a
      company’s normal chargeable income; specifically 75% of up to the first S$10,000 of a company’s normal
      chargeable income, and 50% of up to the next S$190,000 is exempt from corporate tax. The remaining
      chargeable income (after the partial tax exemption) will be taxed at 17%. For the Years of Assessment
      2018, 2019 and 2020, companies will be granted a corporate income tax rebate of 40%, 20% and 25%
      respectively of the tax payable for the year of assessment, subject to a cap of S$15,000, S$10,000 and
      S$15,000 respectively per year of assessment.


      Singapore has a tax exemption scheme for new start-up companies that was introduced in Year of
      Assessment 2005 to support entrepreneurship and help the growth of local enterprises. For the Year of
      Assessment 2019 and before, there will be a full exemption on the first S$100,000 of normal chargeable
      income, and a further 50% exemption on the next S$200,000 of normal chargeable income. From Year of
      Assessment 2020 onwards, there will be a 75% exemption on the first S$100,000 of normal chargeable
      income, and a further 50% exemption on the next S$100,000 of normal chargeable income.


      Our subsidiaries in Singapore are subject to Singapore corporate income tax at a rate of 17%.




124   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                        OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS



Dividend Distributions
Singapore adopts a one-tier corporate tax system under which the tax collected from corporate profits
is a final tax and the after-tax profits of a company resident in Singapore can be distributed to its
shareholders as tax-exempt dividends. Such dividends are tax-exempt in the hands of the shareholders,
irrespective of whether the shareholder is a company or an individual and whether or not the shareholder
is a Singapore tax resident. Singapore does not currently impose withholding tax on dividends paid to
resident or non-resident shareholders.


Goods and Services Tax
Goods and services tax in Singapore is a consumption tax that is levied on the import of goods into
Singapore, as well as nearly all supplies of goods and services in Singapore at a prevailing rate of 7%.




                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   125
      EXEMPTIONS AND WAIVERS


      NASDAQ LISTED COMPANY MANUAL
      We are a “foreign private issuer” (as such term is defined in Rule 3b-4 under the Exchange Act), and our
      ADSs are listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market. The NASDAQ rules provide that foreign private
      issuers may follow home country practice in lieu of the corporate governance requirements of the
      NASDAQ Stock Market LLC, subject to certain exceptions and requirements and except to the extent
      that such exemptions would be contrary to U.S. federal securities laws and regulations. The significant
      differences between our corporate governance practices and those followed by domestic companies
      under the NASDAQ rules are summarized as follows:


      •   We follow home country practice that permits our board of directors not to have a majority of
          independent directors in lieu of complying with Rule 5605(b)(1) of the NASDAQ.


      •   We follow home country practice that permits our independent directors not to hold regularly
          scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present in lieu of complying with Rule
          5605(b)(2) of the NASDAQ.


      •   We follow home country practice that permits our board of directors not to implement a nominations
          committee, in lieu of complying with Rule 5605(e) of the NASDAQ Rules that requires the
          implementation of a nominations committee.


      •   We followed home country practice that permits us not to disclose in our annual report or website the
          material terms of all agreements or arrangements between any director, nominee for director and any
          person or entity other than our company relating to compensation or other payment in connection
          with that person’s candidacy or services as a director of our company, in lieu of complying with Rule
          5250(b)(3) of the NASDAQ.


      Other than the above, we have followed and intend to continue to follow the applicable corporate
      governance standards under the NASDAQ rules.


      HONG KONG LISTING RULES
      Under Rule 19C.11 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, we are exempt from certain corporate governance
      requirements of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, including Appendix 14 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules
      (Corporate Governance Code and Corporate Governance Report) and Appendix 16 of the Hong Kong
      Listing Rules (Disclosure of Financial Information).


      In connection with our listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and
      the SFC granted certain waivers and exemptions from strict compliance with the relevant provisions
      of the Hong Kong Listing Rules and the SFO, respectively, and the SFC also granted a ruling under the
      Takeovers Codes.




126   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                EXEMPTIONS AND WAIVERS



NOT A PUBLIC COMPANY IN HONG KONG
Section 4.1 of the Takeovers Codes provides that the Takeovers Codes applies to takeovers, mergers
and share repurchases affecting public companies in Hong Kong and companies with a primary listing
in Hong Kong. According to the Note to Section 4.2 of the Introduction to the Takeovers Codes, a
Grandfathered Greater China Issuer within the meaning of Rule 19C.01 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules
with a secondary listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange will not normally be regarded as a public
company in Hong Kong under Section 4.2 of the Introduction to the Takeovers Codes.


The SFC granted a ruling that we are not a “public company in Hong Kong” for the purposes of Section
4.2. Therefore, the Takeovers Codes do not apply to us. In the event that the bulk of trading in the
Shares migrates to Hong Kong such that our Company would be treated as having a dual-primary listing
pursuant to Rule 19C.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Takeovers Codes will apply to our Company.


DISCLOSURE OF INTERESTS UNDER PART XV OF SFO
Part XV of the SFO imposes duties of disclosure of interests in ordinary shares. Under the U.S. Exchange
Act, which we are subject to, any person (including directors and officers of the company concerned)
who acquires beneficial ownership, as determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of
the SEC and which includes the power to direct the voting or the disposition of the securities, of more
than 5% of a class of equity securities registered under Section 12 of the U.S. Exchange Act must file
beneficial owner reports with the SEC, and such person must promptly report any material change in
the information provided (including any acquisition or disposition of 1% or more of the class of equity
securities concerned), unless exceptions apply. Therefore, compliance with Part XV of the SFO would
subject our corporate insiders to a second level of reporting, which would be unduly burdensome to
them, would result in additional costs and would not be meaningful, since the statutory disclosure
of interest obligations under the U.S. Exchange Act that apply to us and our corporate insiders would
provide our investors with sufficient information relating to the shareholding interests of our significant
shareholders.


The SFC granted a partial exemption under section 309(2) of the SFO from the provisions of Part XV of
the SFO (other than Divisions 5, 11 and 12 of Part XV of the SFO), on the conditions that (i) the bulk of
trading in the ordinary shares is not considered to have migrated to Hong Kong on a permanent basis in
accordance with Rule 19C.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules; (ii) all disclosures of interest filed in the
SEC are also filed with the Hong Kong Stock Exchange as soon as practicable, which will then publish
such disclosure in the same manner as disclosures made under Part XV of the SFO; and (iii) we will advise
the SFC if there is any material change to any of the information which has been provided to the SFC,
including any significant changes to the disclosure requirements in the U.S. and any significant changes
in the volume of our worldwide share turnover that takes place on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
This exemption may be reconsidered by the SFC in the event there is a material change in information
provided to the SFC.




                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   127
      EXEMPTIONS AND WAIVERS


      The U.S. Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder require disclosure of
      interests by shareholders that are broadly equivalent to Part XV of the SFO. For relevant disclosure
      in respect of the substantial shareholder’s interests, see “Major Shareholders and Related Party
      Transactions – Major Shareholders.”


      We undertook to file with the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, as soon as practicable, any declaration
      of shareholding and securities transactions filed with the SEC. We further undertook to disclose in
      present and future listing documents any shareholding interests as disclosed in an SEC filing and the
      relationship between our directors, officers, members of committees and their relationship to any
      controlling shareholder.


      CORPORATE COMMUNICATION
      Rule 2.07A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules provides that a listed issuer may send or otherwise make
      available to the relevant holders of its securities any corporate communication by electronic means,
      provided that either the listed issuer has previously received from each of the relevant holders of its
      securities an express, positive confirmation in writing or the shareholders of the listed issuer have
      resolved in a general meeting that the listed issuer may send or supply corporate communications
      to shareholders by making them available on the listed issuer’s own website or the listed issuer’s
      constitutional documents contain provision to that effect, and certain conditions are satisfied.


      Since our listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, we made the following arrangements:


      •      We issue all corporate communications as required by the Hong Kong Listing Rules on our own
             website in English and Chinese, and on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s website in English and
             Chinese.


      •      We continue to make arrangements to provide printed copies of proxy materials and notices to our
             shareholders at no costs upon request.


      •      We have added to the “Investor Relations” page of our website which directs investors to all of our
             filings with the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


      The Hong Kong Stock Exchange granted us a waiver from strict compliance with the requirements under
      Rule 2.07A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.


      Rule 13.25B of the Hong Kong Listing Rules requires a listed issuer to publish a monthly return in
      relation to movements in its equity securities, debt securities and any other securitized instruments, as
      applicable, during the period to which the monthly return relates. Pursuant to the Joint Policy Statement
      Regarding the Listing of Overseas Companies, or Joint Policy Statement, we sought a waiver from Rule
      13.25B subject to satisfying the waiver condition that the SFC has granted a partial exemption from strict
      compliance with Part XV of the SFO (other than Divisions 5, 11 and 12 of Part XV of the SFO) in respect of
      disclosure of shareholders’ interests. As we have obtained a partial exemption from the SFC, the Hong
      Kong Stock Exchange granted a waiver from strict compliance with Rule 13.25B of the Hong Kong Listing
      Rules. We disclose information about share repurchases, if any, in our quarterly earnings releases and
      annual reports on Form 20-F which are furnished or filed with the SEC in accordance with applicable U.S.
      rules and regulations.

128   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                            RISK FACTORS

An investment in our ADSs involves risks. You should carefully consider the risks described below, as
well as the other information included or incorporated by reference in this annual report, before making
an investment decision. Our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially
adversely affected by any of these risks. The market or trading price of our ADSs could decline due to any
of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment. In addition, the risks discussed below also
include forward-looking statements and our actual results may differ substantially from those discussed
in these forward-looking statements. Please note that additional risks not presently known to us, that we
currently deem immaterial or that we have not anticipated may also impair our business and operations.


RISK FACTOR SUMMARY
Risks Related to Our Business
•     Our operating results are subject to conditions affecting the lodging industry in general;


•     Our business is sensitive to Chinese, European and global economic conditions. A severe or
      prolonged downturn in the Chinese, European or global economy could materially and adversely
      affect our revenues and results of operations;


•     The lodging industries in China and Europe are competitive, and if we are unable to compete
      successfully, our financial condition and results of operations may be harmed;


•     The COVID-19 outbreak has adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, our financial
      and operating performance;


•     Seasonality of our business and national or regional special events may cause fluctuations in our
      revenues, cause our ADS or ordinary share price to decline, and adversely affect our profitability;


•     We may not be able to manage our planned growth, which could adversely affect our operating
      results;


•     Failure to comply with data protection laws or maintain the integrity of internal or customer data
      could result in harm to our reputation or subject us to costs, liabilities, fines or lawsuits; and


•     We, our directors, management and employees may from time to time be subject to claims,
      controversies, lawsuits and legal proceedings, which could have a material adverse effect on our
      financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and reputation.




                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   129
      RISK FACTORS



      Risks Related to Doing Business in China
      •      We are subject to many of the economic and political risks associated with emerging markets
             due to our operations in China. Adverse changes in economic and political policies of the PRC
             government could have a material adverse effect on the overall economic growth of China, which
             could adversely affect our business;


      •      Inflation in China may disrupt our business and have an adverse effect on our financial condition
             and results of operations;


      •      Uncertainties with respect to the Chinese legal system could limit the legal protections available
             to us and our investors and have a material adverse effect on our business and results of
             operations;


      •      Recent regulatory developments in China may subject us to additional regulatory review
             and disclosure requirements, expose us to government interference, or otherwise restrict or
             completely hinder our ability to offer securities and raise capital outside China, which could
             adversely affect our business operations and cause the value of our securities to significantly
             decline or become worthless;


      •      If the U.S. Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, is unable to inspect our auditors as
             required under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, the SEC will prohibit the
             trading of our ADSs. A trading prohibition for our ADSs, or the threat of a trading prohibition,
             may materially and adversely affect the value of your investment. Additionally, the inability of
             the PCAOB to conduct inspections of our auditors deprives our investors of the benefits of such
             inspections; and


      •      Proceedings instituted by the SEC against the Big Four PRC-based accounting firms, including
             our independent registered public accounting firm, could result in financial statements being
             determined to not be in compliance with the requirements of the Exchange Act.


      Risks Related to our ADSs, ordinary shares and Our Trading Market
      •      The market prices for our ADSs and/or ordinary shares has been and may continue to be volatile;


      •      An active trading market for our ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange might not be
             sustained and trading prices of our ordinary shares might fluctuate significantly;


      •      If securities or industry analysts do not continue to publish research or publish inaccurate or
             unfavorable research about our business, the market prices and trading volume for our ADSs and/
             or ordinary shares could decline; and


      •      Techniques employed by short sellers may drive down the market prices of the ADSs and/or
             ordinary shares.




130   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                                     RISK FACTORS



RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS
Our operating results are subject to conditions affecting the lodging industry
in general.
Our operating results are subject to conditions typically affecting the lodging industry, which include:


•     changes and volatility in national, regional and local economic conditions in China, Europe and
      other countries and regions where we operate;


•     competition from other hotels, the attractiveness of our hotels to customers, and our ability to
      maintain and increase sales to existing customers and attract new customers;


•     adverse weather conditions, natural disasters or travelers’ fears of exposure to contagious
      diseases and social unrest;


•     changes in travel patterns or in the desirability of particular locations;


•     increases in operating costs and expenses due to inflation and other factors;


•     local market conditions such as an oversupply of, or a reduction in demand for, hotel rooms;


•     the quality and performance of managers and other employees of our hotels;


•     the availability and cost of capital to fund construction and renovation of, and make other
      investments in, our hotels;


•     seasonality of the lodging business and national or regional special events;


•     the possibility that leased properties may be subject to challenges as to their compliance with the
      relevant government regulations; and


•     maintenance and infringement of our intellectual property.


Changes in any of these conditions could adversely affect our occupancy rates, average daily room rates
and RevPAR, or otherwise adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.




                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   131
      RISK FACTORS



      Our business is sensitive to Chinese, European and global economic
      conditions. A severe or prolonged downturn in the Chinese, European or
      global economy could materially and adversely affect our revenues and
      results of operations.
      Our business and operations are primarily based in China as well as in Europe. We depend on domestic
      business and leisure travel customers in China for a significant majority of our revenues, and we also
      derive a relatively large portion of our revenues from Europe following our acquisition of Deutsche
      Hospitality on January 2, 2020. Accordingly, our financial results have been, and we expect will continue
      to be, affected by developments in the economies and travel industries primarily of China as well as
      those of Europe.


      As the travel industry is highly sensitive to business and personal discretionary spending levels, it tends
      to decline during general economic downturns. The growth rate of China’s GDP decreased from 2012 to
      2016, and from 2018 to 2021. It is uncertain whether the growth of the Chinese economy will continue to
      slow down in the future. A prolonged slowdown in the Chinese economy could erode consumer confidence
      which could result in changes to consumer spending patterns for travel and lodging-related products and
      services. China’s economic growth rate may materially decline in the near future, which may have adverse
      effects on our financial condition and results of operations. Risk of a material slowdown in China’s
      economic growth rate is based on several current or emerging factors including: (i) overinvestment by the
      government and businesses and excessive credit offered by banks; (ii) a rudimentary monetary policy; (iii)
      excessive privileges to state-owned enterprises at the expense of private enterprises; (iv) the increases
      in labor costs; (v) a decrease in exports due to weaker overseas demand; (vi) failure to boost domestic
      consumption; and (vii) challenges resulting from international and geopolitical situations, especially the
      US-China trade war and the overall tension between such two nations. The European hotel industry is
      also significantly affected by European countries’ economic growth. While the European hotel industry
      demonstrated stable growth from 2015 to 2019, its growth rate slowed down in 2020 and 2021 due to the
      impact of COVID-19.




132   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                                       RISK FACTORS


The global financial markets experienced significant disruptions in 2008 and the United States, Europe
and other economies went into recession. The recovery from the lows of 2008 and 2009 was uneven
and it is facing new challenges, including sanctions against Russia over the Ukraine crisis since 2014,
shadows of international terrorism spread by Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham, which has been
particularly intensified since the Paris terror attacks in November 2015, the impact of the election of
Donald Trump as former President of the United States and the tax reform that he subsequently signed
into law, the trade war between the United States and China and the Syrian airstrike in 2018, the tension
between the United States and Iran in 2019, the impact of the United Kingdom leaving the European
Union (the “EU”) and the outbreak of COVID-19. It is unclear whether such challenges will be contained or
resolved and what effects they may have. There is considerable uncertainty over the long-term effects of
the expansionary monetary and fiscal policies that have been adopted by the central banks and financial
authorities of some of the world’s leading economies, including China’s. There have also been concerns
over unrest in the Middle East and Africa, which have resulted in significant market volatility, and over
the possibility of a war involving Iran or North Korea. In addition, conflicts between the United States and
China have extended to multiple areas, which could place further pressure on China’s economic growth.
For example, the U.S. government imposed economic and trade sanctions directly or indirectly affecting
China-based technology companies. Such laws and regulations are likely subject to frequent changes,
and their interpretation and enforcement involves substantial uncertainties, which may be heightened
by national security concerns or driven by political and/or other factors that are out of our control. In
addition, the SEC has issued statements primarily focused on companies with significant China-based
operations, such as us. All of these events have introduced uncertainties to the geopolitical situations
and the global economic outlook. There is considerable uncertainty over the long-term effects of the
expansionary monetary and fiscal policies that have been adopted by the central banks and financial
authorities of some of the world’s leading economies, including China’s and those of the EU and its
member states. There have also been concerns over unrest in the Middle East and Africa, which have
resulted in significant market volatility, and over the possibility of a war involving Iran or North Korea.
Furthermore, eruptions of regional tensions, such as the ongoing military conflict involving Ukraine and
Russia, and the related sanctions against Russia have resulted in major economic shocks worldwide
and substantial volatility across global financial markets. It is unclear whether these challenges and
uncertainties will be contained or resolved, and what effects they may have on the global political and
economic conditions in the long term. In addition, there have been concerns about the economic effect of
the earthquake, tsunami and nuclear crisis in Japan and the tensions between Japan and its neighboring
countries. Economic conditions in China and Europe are sensitive to global economic conditions.


It is unclear whether the above challenges will be contained or resolved and what effects they may have.
Any prolonged slowdown in the Chinese, European or global economy may have a negative impact on our
business, results of operations and financial condition, and continued turbulence in the international
markets may adversely affect our ability to access the capital markets to meet liquidity needs.




                                                                       Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   133
      RISK FACTORS



      The lodging industries in China and Europe are competitive, and if we are
      unable to compete successfully, our financial condition and results of
      operations may be harmed.
      The lodging industries in China and Europe are highly fragmented. As a multi-brand hotel group,
      we believe that we compete primarily based on location, room rates, brand recognition, quality
      of accommodations, geographic coverage, service quality, range of services, guest amenities and
      convenience of the central reservation system. We primarily compete with other hotel groups as well
      as various independent hotels in each of the markets in which we operate, including Chinese hotel
      groups such as BTG Homeinns and Jinjiang, as well as international hotel groups such as Marriott,
      Intercontinental, Accor, Hilton and OYO. We also face competitions from lodging products offered
      on platforms such as Airbnb and service apartments. New and existing competitors may offer more
      competitive rates, greater convenience, services or amenities or superior facilities, which could attract
      customers away from our hotels and result in a decrease in occupancy rates and average daily room rates
      of our hotels. Competitors may also outbid us for new leased hotel conversion sites, negotiate better
      terms for potential manachised or franchised hotels or offer better terms to our existing manachised or
      franchised hotel owners, thereby slowing our anticipated pace of expansion. Furthermore, our typical
      guests may change their travel, spending and consumption patterns and choose to stay in other kinds
      of hotels, especially given the increase in our hotel room rates to keep pace with inflation. Even if our
      peers cannot outcompete us, any increasing supply of hospitality assets in the areas we operate could
      negatively affect our operational and financial results. Any of these factors may have an adverse effect
      on our competitive position, results of operations and financial condition.


      The COVID-19 outbreak has adversely affected, and may continue to
      adversely affect, our financial and operating performance.
      In December 2019, COVID-19 was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China, which subsequently spread
      throughout China. The travel industry has been severely affected by the outbreak of COVID-19 since the
      beginning of 2020 due to the reduced traveler traffic in China. In addition, after COVID-19 was declared
      by the World Health Organization as a Public Health Emergency of International Concern on January 31,
      2020, many foreign countries issued travel bans to China which further harmed the travel industry in
      China. These measures could slow down the development of the Chinese economy and adversely affect
      global economic conditions and financial markets. The Chinese government has also implemented
      strict nationwide containment measures against COVID-19, including travel restrictions, lock-downs
      of certain cities and hotel closures. Such containment measures negatively affected our hotels’ (both
      leased and owned hotels and manachised and franchised hotels) occupancy rate and revenue. Although
      China has temporarily controlled the outbreak, our revPAR recovery was still significantly impacted by
      several COVID-19 resurgences. For example, the recovery was seriously interrupted by the large-scale
      outbreak of Omicron variant in over 30 provinces since early March. Many cities were locked-down, such
      as Shanghai and Jilin, which resulted in a sharp decline in business and leisure travels. As a result, our
      occupancy rate (excluding hotels under requisition) dropped to around 59% in March 2022. However,
      the outbreak also led to a raising demand for quarantine and accommodation needs of medical team
      and delivery riders. As of March 31, 2022, we had 1,299 hotels of legacy Huazhu under governmental
      requisition.




134   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                                     RISK FACTORS


Since the outbreak of COVID-19, we have taken various preventative measures, such as the introduction
of intelligent non-contact services, across our hotels to help protect our employees and customers. In
addition to the timely delivery of hotel supplies arranged by our centralized procurement team, we have
also offered temporary franchise fee reductions and have helped our franchisees to obtain low-interest
bank loans to meet their short-term working capital needs. For example, we helped introduce our
franchisees to the banks and provided the banks with monthly operating statements of the franchisees
recorded in our information systems as an evidence of the franchisees’ credit profiles. We do not bear
any obligations under the loans that the banks extended to our franchisees. We have also taken various
cost and cash flow mitigation measures to counter the negative impact of COVID-19 on our results of
operations. Despite these efforts, our business operations and results in 2020 and 2021 were adversely
affected by COVID-19.


In addition, the closure of our hotels and lower occupancy rate during this period, as a result of the
Chinese government’s containment measures mentioned above, may amount to an event of default under
certain of our banking arrangements. We have managed to obtain the required waiver since the outbreak
of COVID-19 in 2020. However, there is no guarantee that we will continue to comply with the covenants
under our outstanding facilities and we will be able to obtain such waivers in the future when required.


Moreover, we completed the acquisition of Deutsche Hospitality in January 2020. As COVID-19 spreads
globally, the operations of Deutsche Hospitality in Europe have also been adversely affected since early
March 2020. Thanks to the progress of vaccination campaigns and easing of social restrictions, Europe
showed continuous business recovery trend. However, due to the third and fourth waves of the COVID-19
pandemic in European countries, the operations of Deutsche Hospitality in the fourth quarter of 2021
were impacted by tightened governmental control measures and testing requirements, which, as a
result, disrupted the recovery trend. As a result, a number of our hotels under Deutsche Hospitality, or
legacy DH, were then temporarily closed. As of December 31, 2021, all hotels of Deutsche Hospitality that
were temporarily closed due to COVID-19 had resumed operation. Deutsche Hospitality is undergoing
a continuous RevPAR recovery since Germany unfolded its opening-up plan in mid-February 2022. The
RevPAR in March 2022 recovered to 65% of 2019 level, improved from only 47% in January 2022. RevPAR
recovery in the near-term is expected to remain under pressure due to the recent Omicron variant. As a
result, Deutsche Hospitality could experience cash shortfalls and may need to increase borrowings to
finance its operations. There is no assurance that we could obtain sufficient financing for our business
needs on reasonable terms, or at all. The failure to obtain sufficient financing on reasonable terms or at
all could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and business.


In addition, if any of our employees or customers is suspected of having contracted or has contracted
COVID-19 while he or she has worked or stayed in our hotels, we may under certain circumstances be
required to quarantine our employees that are affected and the affected areas of our premises. The
significant decline in revenues for most hotels also increases the probability that franchisees will be
unable to fund working capital and to repay or refinance indebtedness, which may cause our franchisees
to declare bankruptcy. Such bankruptcies may result in termination of our franchise agreements and
eliminate our anticipated income and cash flows. Moreover, bankrupted franchisees may not have
sufficient assets to pay termination fees, other unpaid fees, reimbursements or unpaid loans owed to us.




                                                                     Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   135
      RISK FACTORS


      Our businesses have been significantly impacted by the global outbreak of COVID-19 and we experienced
      operating losses in 2020 and 2021. Our business operation has gradually recovered since 2021. Our total
      revenues increased by 25.4% from RMB10,196 million in 2020 to RMB12,785 million (US$2,006 million)
      in 2021. We closed down certain of our hotels in 2020 and 2021 due to the pandemic. Also, we recorded
      impairments of property and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets of RMB180 million
      and RMB317 million (US$50 million) in 2020 and 2021, respectively, mainly due to the pandemic.


      As COVID-19 continues to spread, its overall impact on our business, liquidity and results of operations
      is unknown at this time. Moreover, COVID-19 may not be eliminated and such outbreak may recur. While
      vaccines for COVID-19 are being, and have been developed, there is no guarantee that any such vaccine
      will be effective, work as expected or be made available or will be accepted on a significant scale and in
      a timely manner. Furthermore, certain variants have proven to be more severe and more transmissible,
      especially the pandemic’s recent emergence of the Delta variant and Omicron variant, which appears
      to be the most transmissible variant to date and has resulted in an increase in cases globally. These or
      future variants of COVID-19 could also prove to be more resistant to vaccines. The impact of the Delta
      variant and Omicron variant cannot be predicted at this time, and could depend on numerous factors,
      including vaccination rates among the population, the effectiveness of COVID-19 vaccines against the
      Delta variant and Omicron variant, and the response by governments. The potential downturn brought
      by and the duration of the COVID-19 pandemic may be difficult to assess or predict where actual effects
      will depend on many factors beyond our control. To the extent COVID-19 adversely affects our business,
      financial condition and results of operations, it may also heighten some of the other risks described in
      this “Risk Factors” section.


      Seasonality of our business and national or regional special events may
      cause fluctuations in our revenues, cause our ADS or ordinary share price to
      decline, and adversely affect our profitability
      The lodging industry is subject to fluctuations in revenues due to seasonality and national or regional
      special events. The seasonality of our business may cause fluctuations in our quarterly operating results.
      Generally, the first quarter, in which both the New Year and Spring Festival holidays fall, accounts for a
      lower percentage of our annual revenues than other quarters of the year. Our hotels in China typically
      have a lower RevPAR in the fourth quarter, as compared to the second and third quarters, due to reduced
      travel activities in the winter, though some of our European hotels may recognize higher sales in the
      fourth quarter as a result of more trade fairs and corporate events. In addition, national or regional
      special events that attract large numbers of people to travel may also cause fluctuations in our operating
      results in particular for the hotel locations where those events are held. Therefore, you should not rely
      on our operating or financial results for prior periods as an indication of our results in any future period.
      As our revenues may vary from quarter to quarter, our business performance is difficult to predict and
      our quarterly results could fall below investor expectations, which could cause our ordinary share and/
      or ADS prices to decline. Furthermore, the ramp-up process of our new hotels can be delayed during the
      low season, which may negatively affect our revenues and profitability.




136   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                                      RISK FACTORS



Our relatively limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our
future prospects and results of operations.
Our operations commenced in 2005, when we launched our HanTing Hotel brand. See “Business Overview
– History and Development of the Company.” Accordingly, you should consider our future prospects in
light of the risks and challenges encountered by a company with a relatively limited operating history.
These risks and challenges include:


•     continuing our growth while trying to achieve and maintain our profitability;


•     preserving and enhancing our competitive position in the lodging industry in China, Europe and
      other countries and regions where we operate;


•     offering innovative products to attract recurring and new customers;


•     implementing our strategy and modifying it from time to time to respond effectively to competition
      and changes in customer preferences and needs;


•     increasing awareness of our brands and products and continuing to develop customer loyalty;


•     attracting, training, retaining and motivating qualified personnel; and


•     renewing leases for our leased hotels on commercially viable terms after the initial lease terms
      expire.


If we are unsuccessful in addressing any of these risks or challenges, our business may be materially and
adversely affected.




                                                                    Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   137
      RISK FACTORS



      Our new leased and owned hotels typically incur significant pre-opening
      expenses during their development stages and generate relatively low
      revenues during their ramp-up stages, which may have a significant negative
      impact on our financial performance.
      The operation of each of our leased and owned hotel goes through three stages: development, ramp-up
      and mature operations. During the development stage, leased and owned hotels do not generate any
      revenue, and incur pre-opening expenses generally ranging from approximately RMB1.5 million to
      RMB20.0 million per hotel. During the ramp-up stage, when the occupancy rate is relatively low, revenues
      generated by these hotels may be insufficient to cover their operating costs, which are relatively fixed
      in nature. As a result, these newly opened leased and owned hotels may not achieve profitability during
      the ramp-up stage. As we continue to expand our leased and owned hotel portfolio, the significant
      pre-opening expenses incurred during the development stage and the relatively low revenues during the
      ramp-up stage of our newly opened leased and owned hotels may have a significant negative impact on
      our financial performance. Moreover, we plan to develop more midscale and upscale leased and owned
      hotels in the future with relatively higher pre-opening expenses, especially rent, which may lead to a
      more evident negative impact on our financials. In addition, we must maintain our hotels’ conditions and
      may upgrade certain of our hotels, which requires renovation and other improvements to our hotels from
      time to time. Hotels under renovation may need to be closed partially or entirely or otherwise be seriously
      disrupted due to the renovations, which could adversely affect the hotels’ revenues.


      A significant portion of our costs and expenses may remain at the same level
      or increase even if our revenues decline, which would adversely affect our
      net margins and results of operations.
      A significant portion of our operating costs, including rent and depreciation and amortization, is
      fixed. Accordingly, a decrease in revenues could result in a disproportionately higher decrease in our
      earnings because our operating costs and expenses are unlikely to decrease proportionately. For
      example, the New Year and Spring Festival holiday periods generally account for a lower portion of our
      annual revenues than other periods. However, our expenses do not vary as significantly with changes
      in occupancy and revenues as we need to continue to pay rent and salary and to make regular repairs,
      maintenance and renovations and invest in other capital improvements throughout the year to maintain
      the attractiveness of our hotels. Our property development and renovation costs may increase as a result
      of increasing costs of materials. However, we have a limited ability to pass increased costs to customers
      through room rate increases. Therefore, our costs and expenses may remain constant or increase even if
      our revenues decline, which would adversely affect our net margins and results of operations.




138   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                                    RISK FACTORS



We may not be able to manage our planned growth, which could adversely
affect our operating results.
Our hotel group has been growing rapidly since we commenced our business of operating and managing
a multi-brand hotel group. We launched our hotel product HanTing Hotel in 2005, our economy hotel
brand Hi Inn in 2008 and our midscale hotel brand JI Hotel in 2010. In May 2012, we completed the
acquisition of a 51% equity interest in Starway Hotels (Hong Kong) Limited, or Starway HK, and in
December 2013, we acquired the remaining 49% equity interest of Starway HK from C-Travel. We have
retained the Starway Hotel brand. In addition, we launched Manxin Hotels & Resorts in October 2013,
which was subsequently rebranded as Manxin Hotel , an upper midscale hotel brand; Joya Hotel , a new
hotel brand targeting the upscale market, in December 2013; and Elan Hotel , a new economy hotel
brand, in September 2014. In January 2016, we completed strategic alliance transactions with Accor S.A.,
or Accor, to join forces in the Pan-China region to develop Accor brands and to form an extensive and
long-term alliance with Accor. In May 2017, we completed the acquisition of all of the equity interests
in Crystal Orange Hotel Holdings Limited, or Crystal Orange, which operated hotels under the brands of
Crystal Orange Hotel and Orange Hotel . In August 2018, we completed the acquisition of a majority stake
in Blossom Hotel Investment Management (Kunshan) Co., Ltd., or Blossom Hotel Management, which
was engaged in the business of operating and managing hotels under the brand of Blossom Hill Hotels
& Resorts (rebranded as Blossom House in April 2020) in the upscale market in the PRC. We launched
Madison Hotel brand and Grand Madison Hotel brand in 2019. In 2020, we merged Grand Madison Hotel
brand into Madison Hotel brand. In January 2020, we completed the acquisition of all of the equity
interests in Deutsche Hospitality. In 2020, we acquired Ni Hao Hotel brand, and started to develop and
operate hotels under this brand. In May 2021, we completed the acquisition of CitiGO, which operates
hotels under the brand of CitiGO Hotel . In July 2021, Steigenberger Hotels AG and Porsche Lizenz- und
Handelsgesellschaft mbH & Co. KG signed a license agreement to jointly develop a luxury lifestyle brand
named Steigenberger Porsche Design Hotels. Steigenberger Porsche Design Hotels are expected to be
launched in selected international metropolises. We also launched our luxury hotel brands Steigenberger
Icon and Song Hotels in 2021. Through such organic growth and acquisitions, we increased the number of
our hotels in operation from 26 hotels as of January 1, 2007 to 7,830 hotels (including 124 hotels under
Deutsche Hospitality) as of December 31, 2021.




                                                                    Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   139
      RISK FACTORS


      We intend to continue developing and operating additional hotels in different geographic locations in
      China and overseas. Such expansions have placed, and will continue placing, substantial demands on our
      managerial, operational, technological and other resources. Our planned expansion will also require us to
      maintain the consistency of our products and the quality of our services to ensure that our business does
      not suffer as a result of any deviations, whether actual or perceived, in our quality standards. In order to
      manage and support our growth, we must continue improving our existing operational, administrative and
      technological systems and our financial and management controls, and recruit, train and retain qualified
      hotel management personnel as well as other administrative and sales and marketing personnel,
      particularly as we expand into new markets. We cannot assure you that we will be able to effectively and
      efficiently manage the growth of our operations, recruit and retain qualified personnel and integrate new
      hotels into our operations. Our inability to anticipate the changing demands that expanding operations
      will impose on our management and information and operational systems, or our failure to quickly adapt
      our systems and procedures to the new markets, could result in declines of revenues and increases in
      expenses or otherwise harm our results of operations and financial condition.


      In addition, our expansion within existing markets may cannibalize our existing hotels in those markets
      and, as a result, negatively affect our overall results of operations. While expansion into new geographic
      markets, especially overseas, and addition of new hotel products for which we have limited operating
      experience and brand recognition may present operating and marketing challenges that are different
      from those we currently encounter in our existing markets. Those new markets may have different
      regulatory requirements, competitive conditions, consumer preferences and discretionary spending
      patterns as compared to our existing markets. As a result, any new hotels we open in those markets may
      be less successful than hotels in our existing markets. Guests and franchisees in any new market may
      not be familiar with our brands and we may need more time to build brand awareness in that market
      through greater investments in advertising and promotional activities than we anticipated. We may find
      it more difficult in new markets to hire, motivate and retain qualified employees who share our vision,
      passion and culture. Hotels operated in new markets may also have lower average revenues or higher
      operating costs than hotels in existing markets. Revenues at hotels operated in new markets may take
      longer than expected to ramp up and reach expected revenues and profit levels, and may never do so,
      thereby affecting our overall profitability.


      There can be no assurance that any expansion, new hotel products or brands we introduce will be well
      received by our customers and become profitable in a timely fashion, or at all. If a new product or brand
      is not well received by our customers and our expansion into new geographic markets is not successful,
      we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to offset related costs and expenses, and our overall
      financial performance and condition may be adversely affected.




140   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                                      RISK FACTORS



Our multi-brand business strategy exposes us to potential risks and its
execution may divert management attention and resources from our
established brand, and if any of the new hotel brands are not well received
by the market, we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to offset
related costs and expenses, and our overall financial performance and
condition may be adversely affected.
We launched our hotel brand HanTing Hotel in 2005, our economy hotel brand Hi Inn in 2008 and our
midscale hotel brand JI Hotel in 2010. In 2012, we acquired the Starway Hotel brand. In addition, we
launched Manxin Hotels & Resorts in October 2013, which was subsequently rebranded as Manxin Hotel ,
an upper midscale hotel brand; Joya Hotel , a new hotel brand targeting the upscale market, in December
2013 and Elan Hotel , a new economy hotel brand, in September 2014. We acquired Crystal Orange in May
2017, which holds hotels under the brands of Crystal Orange Hotel and Orange Hotel . In August 2018, we
completed the acquisition of a majority stake in Blossom Hotel Management which holds hotels under
the brand of Blossom Hill Hotels & Resorts (currently Blossom House ). We launched the Madison Hotel
brand and Grand Madison Hotel brand in 2019. In 2020, Grand Madison Hotel was merged into Madison
Hotel brand. In January 2020, we completed the acquisition of Deutsche Hospitality, which operates in
Europe, the Middle East, Asia and Africa, with hotels under brands of Steigenberger Hotels & Resorts ,
MAXX by Steigenberger , Jaz in the City , IntercityHotel , and Zleep Hotels . In 2020, we acquired Ni Hao
Hotel brand, and started to develop and operate hotels under this brand. In May 2021, we completed the
acquisition of CitiGO, which operates hotels under the brand of CitiGO Hotel . In July 2021, Steigenberger
Hotels AG and Porsche Lizenz- und Handelsgesellschaft mbH & Co. KG signed a license agreement
to jointly develop a luxury lifestyle brand named Steigenberger Porsche Design Hotels. Steigenberger
Porsche Design Hotels are expected to be launched in selected international metropolises. We also
launched our luxury hotel brands Steigenberger Icon and Song Hotels in 2021. We are still in the process
of developing our various brands, such as the Elan Hotel, Joya Hotel, Manxin Hotel, Starway Hotel, Hi Inn,
Crystal Orange Hotel, Orange Hotel, Blossom House, Madison Hotel brands and Ni Hao Hotel . In addition
to the hotel brands owned by us, we entered into strategic alliance transactions with Accor in January
2016, and are developing Accor’s certain hotel brands in PRC, Taiwan and Mongolia under our brand
franchise agreements.


We cannot guarantee the size and profitability of the various market segments that each new brand is
targeting. The business models of these new brands are not proven and we cannot guarantee that they
can generate return comparable to the established brands. The process of developing new brands may
divert management attention and resources from our established brands. We may not be able to find
competent management staff to lead and manage the execution of the multi-brand business strategy. If
we are unable to successfully execute our multi-brand strategy to target various market segments, we
may be unable to generate revenues from these market segments in the amounts and by the times we
anticipate, or at all, and our business, competitive position, financial condition and prospects may be
adversely affected.




                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   141
      RISK FACTORS



      We may not be able to successfully identify, secure and develop in a timely
      fashion additional hotel properties under the lease and ownership model or
      develop hotel properties on a timely or cost-efficient manner, which may
      adversely affect our growth strategy and business.
      We plan to open more hotels to grow our business. Under our lease and ownership model (other
      than Deutsche Hospitality) and the lease model of Deutsche Hospitality, we may not be successful
      in identifying and leasing or acquiring additional hotel properties at desirable locations and on
      commercially reasonable terms or at all. Even if we are able to successfully identify and acquire new hotel
      properties, new hotels may not generate the returns we expect. We may also incur costs in connection
      with evaluating hotel properties and negotiating with property owners, including properties that we
      are subsequently unable to lease or own. In addition, we may not be able to develop additional hotel
      properties in a timely fashion due to construction or regulatory delays. If we fail to successfully identify,
      secure or develop in a timely fashion additional hotel properties, our ability to execute our growth
      strategy could be impaired and our business and prospects may be materially and adversely affected.


      We develop a substantial majority of our leased and owned hotels directly. Our involvement in the
      development of properties presents a number of risks, including construction delays or cost overruns,
      which may result in increased project costs or lost revenue. We may be unable to recover development
      costs we incur for projects that do not reach completion. Properties that we develop could become
      less attractive due to market saturation or oversupply, and as a result we may not be able to recover
      development costs at the expected rate, or at all. Furthermore, we may not have available cash
      to complete projects that we have commenced, or we may be unable to obtain financing for the
      development of future properties on favorable terms, or at all. If we are unable to successfully manage
      our hotel development to minimize these risks, our growth strategies and business prospects may be
      adversely affected.


      Our leases could be terminated early, we may not be able to renew our
      existing leases on commercially reasonable terms and our rents could
      increase substantially in the future, which could materially and adversely
      affect our operations.
      The lease agreements between our lessors and us typically provide, among other things, that the leases
      could be terminated under certain legal or factual conditions. If our leases were terminated early, our
      operation of such properties may be interrupted or discontinued and we may incur costs in relocating
      our operations to other locations. Furthermore, we may have to pay losses and damages and incur other
      liabilities to our customers and other vendors due to our default under our contracts. As a result, our
      business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected.




142   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                                      RISK FACTORS


We plan to retain the operation of our leased hotels upon lease expiration through (i) renewal of existing
leases or (ii) execution of franchise agreements with the lessors. We cannot assure you, however, that we
will be able to retain our hotel operation on satisfactory terms, or at all. In particular, we may experience
an increase in our rent payments and cost of revenues in connection with renegotiating our leases. If we
fail to retain our hotel operation on satisfactory terms upon lease expiration, our costs may increase and
our profit generated from the hotel operation may decrease in the future. If we are unable to pass the
increased costs on to our customers through room rate increases, our operating margins and earnings
could decrease and our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.


We may not be able to successfully compete for franchise agreements and,
as a result, we may not be able to achieve our planned growth.
Our growth strategy includes expanding through manachising and franchising, by entering into franchise
agreements with our franchisees. We believe that our ability to compete for franchise agreements
primarily depends on our brand recognition and reputation, the results of our overall operations in
general and the success of the hotels that we currently manachise and franchise. Other competitive
factors for franchise agreements include marketing support, capacity of the central reservation channel
and the ability to operate hotels cost-effectively. The terms of any new franchise agreements that we
obtain also depend on the terms that our competitors offer for those agreements. In addition, if the
availability of suitable locations for new properties decreases, or governmental planning or other local
regulations change, the supply of suitable properties for our manachise and franchise models could be
diminished. If the hotels that we manachise or franchise perform less successfully than those of our
competitors or if we are unable to offer terms as favorable as those offered by our competitors, we may
not be able to compete effectively for new franchise agreements. As a result, we may not be able to
achieve our planned growth and our business and results of operations may be materially and adversely
affected.


We may have disputes with our franchisees and they may terminate the
franchise agreements with us earlier if the franchised hotels’ performance is
worse than they expected.
We may have disputes with our franchisees with respect to the performance of the franchise agreements.
For example, we have in the past closed certain manachised and franchised hotels as a result of disputes
with the franchisees regarding our measures to avoid competition between the franchisees, including
keeping appropriate distances between the manachised and franchised hotels. Some franchisees were
not satisfied with the performance of the hotel managers we appointed for our manachised hotels
or generally the manachised or franchised hotels’ profitability or growth rates. Some franchisees
complained that our loyalty program and other marketing efforts did not bring sufficient customers
for their hotels. Our franchisees may also have disputes with us regarding other matters, such as the
amount and settlement of fees payable by them and the adequacy of our operational support to them.
In addition, our franchise agreements with franchisees typically provide that the franchise agreements
could be terminated under certain circumstances. If franchise agreements are terminated early, we lose
the franchise fees and related management fees. Furthermore, we may have to pay losses and damages
to our guests, and our brand image may be adversely impacted. As a result, our business and results
of operations and financial conditions may be adversely affected by early termination of our franchise
agreements.




                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   143
      RISK FACTORS


      We plan to renew our existing franchise agreements upon expiration. However, we may be unable to
      retain our franchisees on satisfactory terms, or at all. If a significant number of our existing franchise
      agreements are terminated early or are not renewed on satisfactory terms upon expiration, our revenue
      and profit may decrease in the future. If we cannot secure new franchisees to replace those expired
      or terminated franchises and compensate for the loss of business, our results of operations could be
      materially and adversely affected.


      Acquisitions, financial investment or strategic investment may have an
      adverse effect on our ability to manage our business and harm our results of
      operations and financial condition.
      If we are presented with appropriate opportunities, we may acquire or invest in businesses or assets.
      For example, we invested in Beijing Qingpu Tourism Culture Development Co., Ltd. in 2015, in AAPC
      Hotel Management Limited, China Young Professionals Apartment Management Limited and Chengjia
      (Shanghai) Investment Co., Limited in 2016, and in Blossom Hotel Management, Oravel Stays Private
      Limited and some securities in the hotel industry in 2017. We completed the acquisition of all of the
      equity interests in Crystal Orange in May 2017. In January 2018, we announced we have formed a
      joint venture with TPG. Hitone later also invested in this joint venture. In August 2018, we completed
      the acquisition of a majority stake in Blossom Hotel Management in steps. From 2017 to 2019, we
      also acquired shares of Accor and other companies from open market, and invested in certain hotel
      related funds. In January 2020, we completed the acquisition of all of the equity interests in Deutsche
      Hospitality. We also jointly established a company named Yongle Huazhu Hotel & Resort Group with
      a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sunac China Holdings Limited (“Sunac”) and Chengdu Global Times
      Exhibition and Travel Development Company Limited to develop and operate hotels. We will provide hotel
      operational services to the joint venture and the joint venture will develop and operate hotels under the
      brands of Blossom House, Steigenberger Hotels & Resorts and Sunac’s own brands.


      The existing and future acquisitions or investments may expose us to potential risks, including risks
      associated with unforeseen or hidden liabilities, risks that acquired or invested companies will not
      achieve anticipated performance levels, diversion of management attention and resources from
      our existing business, difficulty in integrating the acquired businesses with our existing operational
      infrastructure, and inability to generate sufficient revenues to offset the costs and expenses of
      acquisitions or investments. In addition, following completion of an acquisition or investment, our
      management and resources may be diverted from their core business activities due to the integration
      process, which diversion may harm the effective management of our business. Furthermore, it may not
      be possible to achieve the expected level of benefits after integration and the actual cost of delivering
      such benefits may exceed the anticipated cost. Potential risk exposures associated with acquisition
      or investments, difficulties in business integration, requirements of cost, expenses and management
      attention may be more severe and unpredictable if international acquisitions and investments are
      involved. Any difficulties encountered in the acquisition or investment and integration process may
      have an adverse effect on our ability to manage our business and harm our results of operations
      and financial condition. In addition, if we purchase shares from the open market, we may experience
      volatility in our investments as the prices of such shares fluctuate frequently. For example, we incurred
      unrealized loss from fair value changes of equity securities associated with shares we purchased from
      the open market in the past. If a financial or strategic investment is unsuccessful, then in addition to
      the diversion of management attention and resources from our existing business we may lose the value
      of our investment, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of
      operations.
144   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                                      RISK FACTORS



Our legal right to lease certain properties could be challenged or affected
adversely by property owners or other third parties or subject to government
regulation.
A substantial part of our business model relies on leases with third parties who either own or lease the
properties from the ultimate property owners. We also grant franchises to hotel operators who may
or may not own their hotel properties. The land use rights and other property rights with respect to
properties we currently lease, manachise or franchise for our existing hotels could be challenged. For
example, our lessors have failed to provide the property ownership certificates and/or the land use rights
certificates for certain properties that we lease for our hotel operations. While we have performed due
diligence to verify the rights of our lessors to lease such properties, including inspecting documentation
issued by competent government authorities evidencing these lessors’ land use rights and other property
rights with respect to these properties, our rights under those leases could be challenged by other
parties including government authorities. If the properties are deemed to be illegal constructions or the
landlords do not have the rights to lease the properties to us for hotel operations purposes, the landlords
(instead of us, as the lessee) may be subject to monetary penalties and the lease agreements may be
invalidated. We may therefore be required to relocate our relevant hotels. We also cannot assure you
that we can always keep good title of the properties we lease currently or will lease in the future, free
and clear of all liens, encumbrances and defects. If the ultimate owner of the property changes after
the original owner of such property mortgages such property to any third party, our legal rights under
the lease agreement may be affected adversely and we may not rank senior in the right of continuing
occupying the property.


Under PRC law, all lease agreements are required to be registered with the local housing bureau. While
the majority of our standard lease agreements require the lessors to make such registrations, some of
our leases have not been registered as required, which may expose both our lessors and us to potential
monetary fines. Some of our rights under the unregistered leases may also be subordinated to the rights
of other interested third parties. In addition, in some instances where our immediate lessors are not the
ultimate owners of hotel properties, no consents or permits have been obtained from the owners, the
primary lease holders or competent government authorities, as applicable, for the subleases of the hotel
properties to us, which could potentially invalidate our leases or lead to the renegotiation of such leases
that result in terms less favorable to us or even relocation of our relevant hotels. Some of the properties
we lease from third parties were also subject to mortgages at the time the leases were signed. Where
consent to the lease have not been obtained from the mortgage holder in such circumstances, the lease
may not be binding on the transferee of the property if the mortgage holder forecloses on the mortgage
and transfers the property. Moreover, the property ownership or leasehold in connection with our
manachised and franchised hotels could be subject to similar third-party challenges.




                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   145
      RISK FACTORS


      In Germany, our hotels are operated on the legal basis of lease, management or franchise agreements.
      Some agreements for hotels located in Germany are concluded subject to conditions precedent or
      require a consent by a third party, such as authorities in case of local measurement areas (for example,
      re-development) or ground owners in case of a hereditary building right. There are no indications that
      these requirements have not been fulfilled; however, if not met, failure to meet these requirements could
      potentially invalidate the respective agreements or lead to the renegotiation of these agreements which
      could result in less favorable terms. Furthermore, provisions or parts of lease, management or franchise
      agreements may not be effective or may lead to legal disputes. This could lead to additional cost burdens
      for our hotel operations. In addition, some of our leases, management or franchise agreements contain
      break rights and rescission rights entitling the landlords to terminate the agreements on a certain date
      or upon the occurrence of certain events. Further, in case of a fixed lease period of more than one year,
      German law provides for a written-form requirement regarding material terms of leases and therefore
      excludes an ordinary termination right prior to the lapse of the lease period. However, in case of a
      written-form defect, the lease agreement is not considered void but will be deemed to have an unlimited
      lease period with an ordinary termination right by law. Some of our leases may have a written-form
      defect, which effectively leads to a statutory termination right with a notice period. Such legal notice –
      in general – has to be given at the beginning of a calendar quarter with the termination being effective
      at the end of the following calendar quarter (i.e. the notice period is between six and nine months,
      depending on the date of the termination notice). Similar issues, except for the written-form defect, may
      occur in connection with our managed and franchised hotels.


      Any challenge to our legal rights to the properties used for our hotel operations, if successful, could
      impair the development or operations of our hotels in such properties. We are also subject to the risk of
      potential disputes with property owners or third parties who otherwise have rights to or interests in our
      hotel properties. Such disputes, whether resolved in our favor or not, may divert management’s attention,
      harm our reputation or otherwise disrupt our business.


      Any failure to comply with land- and property-related PRC laws and
      regulations may negatively affect our ability to operate our hotels and we
      may suffer significant losses as a result.
      Our lessors are required to comply with various land- and property-related laws and regulations to
      enable them to lease effective titles of their properties for our hotel use. For example, before any
      properties located on state-owned land in China with allocated or leased land use rights or on land
      owned by collective organizations may be leased to third parties, lessors should obtain appropriate
      approvals from the competent government authorities. In addition, properties used for hotel operations
      and the underlying land should be approved for commercial use purposes by competent government
      authorities. Some of the lessors of our executed lease agreements have not obtained the required
      governmental approvals, including approvals of the properties for commercial use purposes. Such
      failure may subject the lessors to monetary fines or other penalties and may lead to the invalidation or
      termination of our leases and relocation of our relevant hotels, and therefore may adversely affect our
      results of operations. While some lessors have agreed to indemnify us against our losses resulting from
      their failure to obtain the required approvals, we cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully
      enforce such indemnification obligations against our lessors or that such indemnification can cover
      losses from all the property defects. As a result, we may suffer significant losses resulting from our
      lessors’ failure to obtain required approvals to the extent that we are not fully indemnified by our lessors.



146   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                                      RISK FACTORS



Our success could be adversely affected by the performance of our
manachised and franchised hotels and defaults or wrongdoings of our
franchisees may affect our reputation, which would adversely affect our
results of operations.
Our success could be adversely affected by the performance of our manachised and franchised hotels,
over which we have less control compared to our leased and owned hotels. As of December 31, 2021,
we manachised and franchised approximately 90.6% of our hotels, and we plan to further increase
the number of manachised and franchised hotels to increase our presence in China and our overseas
markets. Our franchisees for both our manachised and franchised hotels may not be able to develop
hotel properties on a timely basis, which could adversely affect our growth strategy and may impact our
ability to collect fees from them on a timely basis. Furthermore, given that our franchisees are typically
responsible for the costs of developing and operating the hotels, including renovating the hotels to
our standards, and all of the operating expenses, the quality of our manachised and franchised hotel
operations may be diminished by factors beyond our control.


Our franchisees may not successfully operate hotels in a manner consistent with our standards and
requirements. Our manachised and franchised hotels are also operated under our brand names. If
our brands are misused by any of our franchisees, there may be an adverse impact on our business
reputation and brand image. In addition, like any operators in service-oriented industries, we are subject
to customer complaints and we may face complaints from unsatisfied customers who are unhappy
with the standard of service offered by our franchisees. Any complaints, regardless of their nature and
validity, may affect our reputation, thereby adversely affecting our results of operations. We may also
have to incur additional costs in placating any customers or salvaging our reputation. For example, in
2021, we closed 137 manachised and franchised hotels that did not comply with our brand and operating
standards.


If any of our franchisees defaults or commits wrongdoing, there could be situations where the franchisee
is not in a position to sufficiently compensate us for losses which we have suffered as a result of such
defaults or wrongdoings. While we ultimately can take action to terminate our franchisees that do not
comply with the terms of our franchise agreements or commit wrongdoing, we may not be able to identify
problems and make timely responses and, as a result, our image and reputation may suffer, which may
have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.


If we are unable to access funds to maintain our hotels’ condition and
appearance, or if our franchisees fail to make investments necessary to
maintain or improve their properties, the attractiveness of our hotels and
our reputation could suffer and our hotel occupancy rates may decline.
In order to maintain our hotels’ condition and appearance, ongoing renovations and other leasehold
improvements, including periodic replacement of furniture, fixtures and equipment, are required. In
particular, we manachise and franchise properties leased or owned by franchisees under the terms
of franchise agreements, substantially all of which require our franchisees to comply with standards
that are essential to maintaining the relevant product integrity and our reputation. We depend on
our franchisees to comply with these requirements by maintaining and improving properties through
investments, including investments in furniture, fixtures, amenities and personnel.



                                                                     Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   147
      RISK FACTORS


      Such investments and expenditures require ongoing funding and, to the extent we or our franchisees
      cannot fund these expenditures from existing cash or cash flow generated from operations, we or our
      franchisees must borrow or raise capital through financing. We or our franchisees may not be able to
      access capital and our franchisees may be unwilling to spend available capital when necessary, even
      if required by the terms of our franchise agreements. If we or our franchisees fail to make investments
      necessary to maintain or improve the properties, our hotel’s attractiveness and reputation could suffer,
      we could lose market share to our competitors and our hotel occupancy rates and RevPAR may decline.


      Interruption or failure of our information systems or our business partners’
      systems could impair our ability to effectively provide our services, which
      could damage our reputation and subject us to penalties.
      Our ability to provide consistent and high-quality services and to monitor our operations on a real-time
      basis throughout our hotel group depends on the continued operation of our information technology
      systems, including our web property management, central reservation and customer relationship
      management systems. Certain damage to or failure of our systems could interrupt our inventory
      management, affect the manner of our services in terms of efficiency, consistency and quality, and
      reduce our customer satisfaction.


      Our technology platform plays a central role in our management of inventory, revenues, loyalty program
      and franchisees. We also rely on our website, call center and mobile application to facilitate customer
      reservations. Our systems remain vulnerable to damage or interruption as a result of power loss,
      telecommunications failures, computer viruses, fires, floods, earthquakes, interruptions in access to our
      toll-free numbers, hacking or other attempts to harm our systems, and other similar events. Our servers,
      which are maintained in Shanghai, may also be vulnerable to break-ins, sabotage and vandalism. Some
      of our systems are not fully redundant, and our disaster recovery planning does not account for all
      possible scenarios.


      Furthermore, our systems and technologies, including our website and database, could contain
      undetected errors or “bugs” that could adversely affect their performance, or could become outdated
      and we may not be able to replace or introduce upgraded systems as quickly as our competitors or within
      budgeted costs for such upgrades. If we experience frequent, prolonged or persistent system failures,
      our quality of services, customer satisfaction, and operational efficiency could be severely harmed, which
      could also adversely affect our reputation. Steps we take to increase the reliability and redundancy of
      our systems may be costly, which could reduce our operating margin, and there can be no assurance that
      any increased reliability may be achievable in practice or would justify the costs incurred.


      In addition, we collaborate with various business partners, such as airlines, in our day-to-day operations,
      and our ability to provide satisfactory services to customers also depends on the maintenance and
      efficacy of such business partners’ systems, such as the maintenance of networks with necessary speed,
      bandwidth, and stability. If any of our business partners’ systems encounter errors, “bugs” or other
      problems, our ability to effectively provide our services may be adversely affected, our reputation may
      be harmed, and we may also face customer complaints and be subject to fines and other penalties from
      competent authorities.




148   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                                    RISK FACTORS



Failure to comply with data protection laws or maintain the integrity of
internal or customer data could result in harm to our reputation or subject
us to costs, liabilities, fines or lawsuits.
Our business involves collecting and retaining large volumes of internal and customer data, including
personal information as our various information technology systems enter, process, summarize and
report such data. We also maintain information about various aspects of our operations as well as
regarding our employees. The integrity and protection of our customer, employee and company data
is critical to our business. Our customers and employees expect that we will adequately protect their
personal information. We are required by applicable laws to keep strictly confidential the personal
information that we collect, and to take adequate security measures to safeguard such information.


The PRC regulatory and enforcement regime regarding privacy and data security is evolving and
tightening:


•     The PRC Criminal Law, as amended by its Amendment 7 (effective on February 28, 2009) and
      Amendment 9 (effective on November 1, 2015), prohibits institutions, companies and their
      employees from selling or otherwise illegally disclosing a citizen’s personal information obtained
      during the course of performing duties or providing services or obtaining such information through
      theft or other illegal ways.


•     On November 7, 2016, the Standing Committee of the PRC National People’s Congress issued
      the Cyber Security Law of the PRC, which became effective on June 1, 2017. Pursuant to the
      Cyber Security Law of the PRC, network operators must not, without users’ consent, collect their
      personal information, and may only collect users’ personal information necessary to provide
      their services. Providers are also obliged to provide security maintenance for their products and
      services and shall comply with provisions regarding the protection of personal information as
      stipulated under the relevant laws and regulations. In addition, pursuant to the Cyber Security
      Law of the PRC, personal information and important data collected and generated by a critical
      information infrastructure operator in the course of its operations in China must be stored in
      China, and if a critical information infrastructure operator purchases internet products and
      services that affects or may affect national security, it should be subject to cybersecurity review
      by the CAC. Due to the lack of further interpretations, the exact scope of “critical information
      infrastructure operator” remains unclear.


•     In June 2021, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress promulgated the
      Data Security Law, which took effect in September 2021. The Data Security Law applies to data
      handling activities carried out within the territory of the People’s Republic of China. The Data
      Security Law further provides that data processing activities carried out outside of China, which
      harm national security, public interest or legal interests of Chinese citizens and organizations
      should be subject to legal liabilities. Pursuant to the Data Security Law, those conducting data
      handling activities should, in accordance with laws and regulations, establish and perfect a data
      security management system across their entire workflow and adopt the corresponding technical
      measures and other necessary measures to ensure data security.




                                                                     Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   149
      RISK FACTORS


      •      The Civil Code of the PRC (effective since January 1, 2021) provide main legal basis for privacy and
             personal information infringement claims under the Chinese civil laws.


      •      The Personal Information Protection Law took effect on November 1, 2021, which outlines the
             main system framework and comprehensive requirements for personal information processing.


      PRC regulators, including the CAC, MIIT, and the Ministry of Public Security have been increasingly
      focused on regulation in the areas of data security and data protection. Interpretation, application and
      enforcement of these laws, rules and regulations evolve from time to time and their scope may change
      continually, through new legislation, amendments to existing legislation and changes in enforcement.
      We expect that these areas will receive greater and continued attention and scrutiny from regulators
      and the public going forward, which could cause us to incur substantial compliance costs and subject
      us to heightened risks and challenges associated with data security and protection. If we are unable
      to manage these risks, we could become subject to civil litigations brought by relevant individuals;
      administrative penalties, including fines, suspension of business, website closure, and revocation of
      prerequisite licenses; and our reputation and results of operations could be materially and adversely
      affected. On July 2, 2020, the CAC, announced that it had launched a cybersecurity review of DiDi Global,
      a company recently listed on the Nasdaq with operations in China, to prevent national data security risk
      and protect national security and the public interest. CAC then ordered the removal of DiDi’s app from
      China’s smartphone app stores. On July 5, 2021, the CAC announced the commencement of cybersecurity
      review of “Yunmanman”, “Huochebang” and “BOSS Zhipin” and suspended their new user registration.
      On July 10, 2021, CAC circulated the Measures for Cybersecurity Review (Revised Draft for Comments), or
      Cybersecurity Review Measures, providing, among other things, that information infrastructure operators
      or data processors in possession of information of more than one million users in China are subject to
      a regulatory cybersecurity review if they are seeking a listing in a foreign country. The Cybersecurity
      Review Measures also provide that PRC governmental authorities may initiate cybersecurity review if
      they determine cyber products or services, data processing activities or potential listing in a foreign
      country have affected or may affect national security. The Cybersecurity Review Measures were released
      on December 28, 2021 and took effect on February 15, 2022.There are substantial uncertainties as
      to whether and how the CAC’s further actions and the enacted version of the Cybersecurity Review
      Measures would impact U.S. listed companies like us. It is very likely that our data processing activities
      within China are regulated under the Cybersecurity Review Measures, which may subject us to
      cybersecurity review. If, based on the enacted version of the Cybersecurity Review Measures and other
      relevant rules and regulations, we will be subject to increased scrutiny regarding data security and data
      protection, our business, operation, reputation and share price may be adversely affected.




150   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                                     RISK FACTORS


As we further expand our operations into international markets, we will be subject to additional laws and
regulations in other jurisdictions where our hotels, guests, employees and other participants are located.
The laws, rules and regulations of those jurisdictions may be more comprehensive and detailed, and may
impose requirements and penalties which are more stringent than, or even conflict with, those in China.
In addition, these laws, rules and regulations may restrict the transfer of data across jurisdictions, which
could impose additional and substantial operational, administrative and compliance burdens on us,
and may also restrict our business activities and expansion plans. For example, according to the Data
Security Law, no organization or individual within the territory of the PRC may provide foreign judicial or
law enforcement authorities with the data stored within the territory of the PRC without the approval of
the competent authorities. Complying with laws and regulations for an increasing number of jurisdictions
could require significant resources, costs and our management attention. See “Business Overview –
Regulation – Regulation on Information Protection on Networks”.


After the acquisition of Deutsche Hospitality, the European Union has become an important region
for our data protection compliance. European data protection laws, in particular the Regulation (EU)
2016/679 of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal
data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (GDPR) (complemented
by EU Member States Law on data protection such as the German Federal Data Protection Act), include
strict rules on the processing of personal data, including the transfer of data from the European Union to
China. Under the GDPR, any personal data may be used only if there is a legal justification (which could
be a consent or an express statutory justification set out in the GDPR or other applicable EU laws), and
the use must be restricted to legitimate purposes. Deutsche Hospitality has taken various technical
and organizational measures, which are regularly reviewed and updated, to stay compliant, including
appointment of a data protection officer and a special data protection working group, regulation of data
processes, risk management assessment, preparation of relevant documentation and training. We also
put high emphasis on proper dealing with data subject rights requests, i.e. the requests of customers,
employees and other natural persons regarding our use of their data. We, including Deutsche Hospitality,
take GDPR requirements and, in particular, data subject rights requests very seriously. However, we
cannot guarantee that we are fully compliant in this complex area where many items are still unclear.
This includes, in particular, international data transfers which have become even more complex and
unclear under the Judgment of the European Court of Justice of 16 July 2020 (C-311/18 Data Protection
Commissioner v Facebook Ireland Limited and Maximillian Schrems). Theoretically, fines for a violation of
the GDPR can amount up to 4% of the global turnover of the whole group.




                                                                     Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   151
      RISK FACTORS


      While we take various measures to comply with all applicable data privacy and protection laws and
      regulations, there is no guarantee that our current security measures and those of our third-party service
      providers may always be adequate for the protection of our customer, employee or company data; and
      like all companies, we have experienced data incidents from time to time. In addition, given the size of
      our customer base and the types and volume of personal data on our system, we may be a particularly
      attractive target. Unauthorized access to our proprietary internal and customer data may be obtained
      through break-ins, sabotage, breach of our secure network by an unauthorized party, computer viruses,
      computer denial-of-service attacks, employee theft or misuse, breach of the security of the networks
      of our third-party service providers, or other misconduct. Because the techniques used by computer
      programmers who may attempt to penetrate and sabotage our proprietary internal and customer data
      change frequently and may not be recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to
      anticipate these techniques. Unauthorized access to our proprietary internal and customer data may
      also be obtained through inadequate use of security controls. For instance, in August 2018, online
      reports alleged that we had become the subject of potential information leak and a proposed class action
      complaint was filed against us and our management, which was voluntarily dismissed by the plaintiffs
      in February 2019. For more information, please see “Business Overview – Legal and Administrative
      Proceedings.” We may face similar litigations in the future. Any of such proceedings may harm our
      reputation and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Besides proceedings, we may
      be subject to negative publicity about our security and privacy policies, systems, or measurements from
      time to time.


      The laws and regulations applicable to security and privacy are becoming increasingly important globally.
      Complying with any additional or new regulatory requirements on a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis
      would impose significant burdens and costs on our operations. Any failure to prevent or mitigate security
      breaches, cyber-attacks or other unauthorized access to our systems or disclosure of our customers’
      data, including their personal information, could result in loss or misuse of such data, interruptions to
      our service system, diminished customer experience, loss of customer confidence and trust, impairment
      of our technology infrastructure, and harm our reputation and business, resulting in significant legal and
      financial exposure and potential lawsuits.


      If the value of our brand or image diminishes, it could have a material and
      adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
      We offer multiple hotel products that are designed to target distinct segments of customers. Our
      continued success in maintaining and enhancing our brands and image depends, to a large extent, on
      our ability to satisfy customer needs by further developing and maintaining our innovative and distinctive
      products and maintaining consistent quality of services across our hotel group, as well as our ability
      to respond to competitive pressures. If we are unable to do so, our occupancy rates may decline, which
      could in turn adversely affect our results of operations. Our business may also be adversely affected if
      our public image or reputation were to be diminished by the operations of any of our hotels, whether due
      to unsatisfactory service, accidents or otherwise. If the value of our products or image is diminished or if
      our products do not continue to be attractive to customers, our business and results of operations may
      be materially and adversely affected.




152   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                                         RISK FACTORS



Failure to protect our tradenames and trademarks as well as other
intellectual property rights could have a negative impact on our brands and
adversely affect our business.
The success of our business depends in part upon our continued ability to use our brands, trade names
and trademarks to increase brand awareness and to further develop our products. The unauthorized
reproduction of our trademarks could diminish the value of our brands and their market acceptance,
competitive advantages or goodwill. In addition, we consider our proprietary information systems and
operational system to be key components of our competitive advantage and our growth strategy. As
of December 31, 2021, we had received copyright registration certificates for 140 software programs
developed by us. However, none of our other proprietary information systems have been patented,
copyrighted or otherwise registered as our intellectual property.


Monitoring and preventing the unauthorized use of our intellectual property is difficult. The measures
we take to protect our brands, trade names, trademarks and other intellectual property rights may not
be adequate to prevent their unauthorized use by third parties. Furthermore, the application of laws
governing intellectual property rights in China and other jurisdictions is evolving and could involve
substantial risks to us. In particular, the laws and enforcement procedures in the PRC are uncertain and
do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as do the laws and enforcement procedures
in the United States and other developed countries. If we are unable to adequately protect our brands,
trade names, trademarks and other intellectual property rights, we may lose these rights and our
business may suffer materially.


We may also be subject to claims for infringement, invalidity, or indemnification relating to third parties’
intellectual property rights. Regardless of their merits, such third party claims may be time-consuming
and costly to defend, divert management attention and resources, or require us to enter into licensing
agreements, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all.


If we are not able to retain, hire and train qualified managerial and other
employees, our business may be materially and adversely affected.
Our managerial and other employees manage our hotels and interact with our customers on a daily basis.
They are critical to maintaining the quality and consistency of our services as well as our established
brands and reputation. In general, employee turnover, especially in lower-level positions, is relatively
high in the lodging industry. As a result, it is important for us to retain as well as attract qualified
managerial and other employees who are experienced in lodging or other consumer-service industries.
There is a limited supply of such qualified individuals in cities where we have operations and other cities
into which we intend to expand. In addition, we need to hire qualified managerial and other employees on
a timely basis to keep pace with our rapid growth while maintaining consistent quality of services across
our hotels in various geographic locations. We must also provide training to our managerial and other
employees so that they have up-to-date knowledge of various aspects of our hotel operations and can
meet our demand for high-quality services. If we fail to do so, the quality of our services may decrease,
which in turn, may have a material and adverse effect on our business.




                                                                        Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   153
      RISK FACTORS



      Our current employment practices may be adversely impacted under the
      applicable labor laws.
      The PRC National People’s Congress promulgated the Labor Contract Law of the PRC (the “Labor Contract
      Law”) in 2007, which took effect in 2008, and amended it on December 28, 2012. The Labor Contract Law
      imposes requirements concerning, among others, the execution of written contracts between employers
      and employees, the time limits for probationary periods, and the length of fixed-term employment
      contracts. Because the PRC governmental authorities have introduced various new labor-related
      regulations since the effectiveness of the labor contract law, and the interpretation and implementation
      of these regulations are still evolving, our employment practices could violate the Labor Contract Law
      and related regulations and could be subject to related penalties, fines or legal fees. If we are subject to
      severe penalties or incur significant legal fees in connection with labor law disputes or investigations,
      our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. In addition, a
      significant number of our employees are dispatched from third-party human resources companies, which
      are responsible for managing, among others, payrolls, social insurance contributions and local residency
      permits of these employees. According to a new regulation on labor dispatch, which was promulgated
      in January 2014 to implement the provisions of the labor contract law, a company is permitted to use
      dispatched employees for only up to 10% of its labor force after February 29, 2016. To comply with the
      labor dispatch regulation, we have reduced the percentage of dispatched employees since January 2014
      by using service outsourcing arrangement. Under the service outsourcing arrangement, we have entered
      into service outsourcing agreements with a service outsourcing firm and relevant employees are deemed
      as employees of this service outsourcing firm. However, since the current labor dispatch regulation
      does not clearly define the distinction of labor dispatch and service outsourcing, our service outsourcing
      arrangement may be considered as labor dispatch by the relevant PRC government.


      In addition, according to the Labor Contract Law and its implementing rules, if we intend to enforce the
      non-compete provision with our employees in the employment contracts or confidentiality agreements,
      we have to compensate our employees on a monthly basis during the term of the restriction period after
      the termination or ending of the employment contract, which may cause extra expenses to us.


      In Germany, our business is subject to various labor-related statutory regulations. For example, there
      are restrictions regarding the assignment and use of temporary agency workers under the German
      Temporary Agency Work Act (Arbeitnehmerüberlassungsgesetz ) which was substantially amended with
      effect from April 1, 2017. The interpretation of the amended regulations is still evolving. It is possible that
      we may be responsible for non-compliant assignments of temporary-agency workers, even if the root
      cause of the non-compliance lies with the temporary-work agency engaged by us. We could therefore be
      subject to related fines or temporary-agency workers could be deemed to be our employees by fiction.
      If we are subject to severe fines or incur significant legal fees in connection with labor law disputes or
      investigations, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.


      In addition, our employment practices in other jurisdictions are also subject to changes in applicable
      labor law. If we are found to have violated any other applicable labor law requirements, we may be
      subject to fines or other penalties, which could in turn negatively affect our reputation and results of
      operations, and disputes with our employees could interrupt our business operations.




154   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                                       RISK FACTORS



Failure to retain our management team could harm our business.
We place substantial reliance on the experience and the institutional knowledge of members of our
current management team. Mr. Qi Ji, our founder and chairman of the board, Mr. Hui Jin, our chief
executive officer, Ms. Xinxin Liu, our president, Ms. Hui Chen, our chief financial officer, and other
members of the management team are particularly important to our future success due to their
substantial experiences in lodging and other consumer-service industries. Finding suitable replacements
for Mr. Qi Ji, Mr. Hui Jin, Ms. Xinxin Liu, Ms. Hui Chen and other members of our management team could
be difficult, and competition for such personnel of similar experience is intense. The loss of the services
of one or more members of our management team due to their departures or otherwise could hinder our
ability to effectively manage our business and implement our growth strategies.


We are subject to various laws and regulations, including franchise, hotel
industry, construction, hygiene, health and safety environmental and
advertising laws and regulations that may subject us to liability.
Our business is subject to various compliance and operational requirements under PRC laws. For
example, we are required to complete the filing and submit annual reports with, the PRC Ministry of
Commerce, or the MOC, to engage in the hotel franchising business. In addition, each of our hotels
in China is required to obtain a special industry license from the local public security authority and
complete fire prevention safety inspection/commitment with the local fire and rescue department, to
have hotel operations included in the business scope of its business license, to obtain hygiene permits,
and to comply with license requirements and laws and regulations with respect to construction permit,
zoning, fire prevention, public area hygiene, food safety, public safety and environmental protection. We
are also subject to advertising and other laws and regulations. See “Business Overview – Regulation –
Regulations on Hotel Operation.” If we fail to comply with any applicable construction, hygiene, health
and safety, environmental and advertising laws and regulations related to our business, we may be
subject to potentially significant monetary damages and fines or the suspension of our operations or
development activities. Furthermore, new regulations could also require us to retrofit or modify our
hotels or incur other significant expenses.


New zoning plans or regulations applicable to a specific location may cause us to relocate our hotel(s)
in that location, or require additional approvals and licenses that may not be granted to us promptly
or at all, which may adversely affect our operating results. Any failure by us to control the use of, or to
adequately restrict the discharge of, hazardous substances in our development activities, or to otherwise
operate in compliance with environmental laws could also subject us to potentially significant monetary
damages and fines or the suspension of our hotel development activities or hotel operations, which
could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Some of our hotels
are not in full compliance with all of the applicable requirements. Such failure to comply with applicable
construction permit, environmental, health and safety laws and regulations related to our business and
hotel operation may subject us to potentially significant monetary damages and fines or the suspension
of operations and development activities of our company or related hotels. We could be subject to any
challenges or other actions with respect to such noncompliance.




                                                                       Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   155
      RISK FACTORS


      Owners of our manachised and franchised hotels are subject to these same permit and safety
      requirements. Although our franchise agreements require these owners to obtain and maintain all
      required permits or licenses, we have limited control over these owners. Any failure to obtain and
      maintain the required permits or licenses by any operator of a manachised or franchised hotel may
      require us to delay opening of the manachised or franchised hotel or to forgo or terminate our franchise
      agreement, which could harm our brand, result in lost revenues and subject us to potential indirect
      liability.


      Our businesses in Europe and other jurisdictions are subject to similar requirements and the business
      activities have to comply with various compliance and operational requirements, including inter alia
      regulations for customer and data protection, as well as regulations with respect to health, safety and
      fire protection and hygiene requirements. Compliance with these regulations and adaptions to new
      regulations could potentially disturb our business and lead to additional expenses.


      We could suffer impairment losses for our intangible assets.
      We had net intangible assets of RMB5,945 million and RMB5,385 million (US$845 million) as of December
      31, 2020 and 2021, respectively. Our intangible assets consist primarily of brand names, master brand
      agreements, non-compete agreements, franchise or manachise agreements and our purchased software.


      Brand names and master brand agreements are considered to have indefinite lives. We test indefinite
      life intangible assets at least annually for impairment, and more frequently if events or changes in
      circumstances indicate that they might be impaired. Our other intangible assets are considered to
      be finite life intangible assets. We evaluate finite life intangibles for impairment whenever events or
      changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. If
      such an adverse event occurs and has the effect of changing one of the critical assumptions or estimates
      related to the fair value of our intangible assets, an impairment charge could result.


      We recorded impairment loss of nil and RMB245 million (US$38 million) for the years ended December
      31, 2020 and 2021, respectively. The extent, magnitude and duration of COVID-19 may change the
      assumptions and estimates used in the indefinite life intangible assets valuation, which could result in
      future impairment charges. There can be no assurance that future reviews of intangible assets will not
      result in significant impairment charges. Although it does not affect cash flow, an impairment charge will
      have the effect of decreasing our earnings, assets and shareholders’ equity.




156   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                                     RISK FACTORS



We may suffer impairment losses for our goodwill.
We have acquired businesses from time to time, which have resulted in the recognition of goodwill on our
financial statements. We had goodwill of RMB4,988 million and RMB5,132 million (US$805 million) as of
December 31, 2020 and 2021, respectively. Goodwill is tested for impairment annually or more frequently
if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might be impaired. Factors that could lead to
impairment of goodwill include significant adverse changes in the business climate, unanticipated
changes in the competitive environment, adverse legal or regulatory actions or developments, changes
in clients’ perception and the reputation of our brands, changes in interest rates, unfavorable changes in
our stock price and market capitalization, and deterioration in our financial condition.


Due to the negative impact of COVID-19 , we incurred goodwill impairment loss of RMB437 million in
2020, which was related to legacy DH. We did not recognize any goodwill impairment in 2019 and 2021.
However, as the extent, magnitude and duration of COVID-19 is still uncertain, we may need to change
our assumption, which could result in future impairment charges.


Our financial and operating performance may be adversely affected by
epidemics, adverse weather conditions, natural disasters and other
catastrophes.
Our financial and operating performance may be adversely affected by epidemics, adverse weather
conditions, natural disasters and other catastrophes, particularly in locations where we operate a large
number of hotels.


Our business could be materially and adversely affected by the outbreak of swine influenza, avian
influenza, severe acute respiratory syndrome, COVID-19 or other epidemics. Since COVID-19 was
reported in China in December 2019, the whole world has suffered from the impact of COVID-19. Any
prolonged recurrence of such contagious disease or other adverse public health developments in China,
Europe and other countries and regions may have a material and adverse effect on our operations.
For example, if any of our employees or customers are suspected of having contracted any contagious
disease while he or she has worked or stayed in our hotels, we may under certain circumstances be
required to quarantine our employees that are affected and the affected areas of our premises. Any
contraction by our employees or customers could also affect the safety reputation of the relevant hotels,
which in turn could undermine customers’ willingness to stay in such hotels.


In recent years, there have also been reports on the occurrences of avian influenza in various parts
of China, Europe and other countries and regions that we operate, including hundreds of confirmed
human deaths. Any prolonged recurrence of such contagious disease or other adverse public health
developments in China, Europe and other countries and regions that we operate may have a material
and adverse effect on our operations. For example, if any of our employees or customers is suspected
of having contracted any contagious disease while he or she has worked or stayed in our hotels, we may
under certain circumstances be required to quarantine our employees that are affected and the affected
areas of our premises.




                                                                     Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   157
      RISK FACTORS


      Losses caused by epidemics, adverse weather conditions, natural disasters and other catastrophes,
      including earthquakes or typhoons, are either uninsurable or too expensive to justify insuring against in
      China, Europe and other countries and regions that we operate. In the event an uninsured loss or a loss
      in excess of insured limits occurs, we could lose all or a portion of the capital we have invested in a hotel,
      as well as the anticipated future revenues from the hotel. In that event, we might nevertheless remain
      obligated for any financial commitments related to the hotel.


      Similarly, war (including the potential of war), terrorist activity (including threats of terrorist activity),
      social unrest and heightened travel security measures instituted in response, travel-related accidents,
      as well as geopolitical uncertainty and international conflict, will affect travel and may in turn have a
      material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. In addition, we may not be adequately
      prepared in contingency planning or recovery capability in relation to a major incident or crisis, and as
      a result, our operational continuity may be adversely and materially affected and our reputation may be
      harmed.


      Our limited insurance coverage may expose us to losses, which may have a
      material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition and
      results of operations.
      We carry all mandatory and certain optional commercial insurance, including property, business
      interruption, construction, third-party liability, public liability, product’s liability and employer’s liability
      insurance for our leased and owned hotel operations. We also require our lessors, franchisees and
      contractors to purchase customary insurance policies. Although we require our franchisees to obtain
      the requisite insurance coverage through our franchisees management, we cannot guarantee that
      our franchisees will adhere to such requirements. In particular, there are inherent risks of accidents
      or injuries in hotels. One or more accidents or injuries at any of our hotels could adversely affect our
      safety reputation among customers and potential customers, decrease our overall occupancy rates and
      increase our costs by requiring us to take additional measures to make our safety precautions even
      more visible and effective. In the future, we may be unable to renew our insurance policies or obtain new
      insurance policies without increases in cost or decreases in coverage levels. We may also encounter
      disputes with insurance providers regarding payments of claims that we believe are covered under our
      policies. Furthermore, if we are held liable for amounts and claims exceeding the limits of our insurance
      coverage or outside the scope of our insurance coverage, our reputation, business, financial condition
      and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected.


      If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial
      reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or
      prevent fraud.
      We are subject to reporting obligations under the U.S. securities laws. The Securities and Exchange
      Commission, or the SEC, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the
      Sarbanes-Oxley Act, adopted rules requiring every public company to include in its annual report
      a management report on such company’s internal control over financial reporting containing
      management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting. In addition,
      an independent registered public accounting firm must attest to and report on the effectiveness of such
      company’s internal control over financial reporting except where the company is a non-accelerated filer.
      We currently are a large accelerated filer.



158   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                                     RISK FACTORS


In connection with the preparation of this annual report, we carried out an evaluation of the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Based on this assessment and evaluation,
our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as
of December 31, 2021. Our independent registered public accounting firm has issued an attestation
report as of December 31, 2021. See “Management Discussion and Analysis – Attestation Report of
the Registered Public Accounting Firm.” However, if we fail to maintain effective internal control over
financial reporting in the future, our management and our independent registered public accounting firm
may not be able to conclude that we have effective internal control over financial reporting. This could in
turn result in the loss of investor confidence in the reliability of our financial statements and negatively
impact the trading prices of our ADSs and/or ordinary shares. Furthermore, we have incurred and
anticipate that we will continue to incur considerable costs, management time and other resources in an
effort to continue to comply with Section 404 and other requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.


We, our directors, management and employees may be subject to certain
risks related to legal proceedings filed by or against us, and adverse results
may harm our business.
We cannot predict with certainty the cost of defense, the cost of prosecution or the ultimate outcome
of litigation and other proceedings filed by or against us, our directors, management or employees,
including remedies or damage awards, and adverse results in such litigation and other proceedings
may harm our business or reputation. Such litigation and other proceedings may include, but are not
limited to, actions relating to intellectual property, commercial arrangements, leased properties, share
transfer, employment, non-competition and labor law, fiduciary duties, personal injury, death, property
damage or other harm resulting from acts or omissions by individuals or entities outside of our control,
including franchisees and third-party property owners. For example, as of December 31, 2021, we had
some pending legal, administrative and arbitration proceedings, including real estate lease terminations
and disputes and management agreement disputes. Moreover, in the case of intellectual property
litigation and proceedings, adverse outcomes could include the cancellation, invalidation or other loss of
material intellectual property rights used in our business and injunctions prohibiting our use of business
processes or technology that is subject to third-party patents or other third-party intellectual property
rights.

We generally are not liable for the willful actions of our franchisees and property owners; however, there
is no assurance that we would be insulated from liability in all cases.




                                                                     Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   159
      RISK FACTORS



      RISKS RELATED TO DOING BUSINESS IN CHINA
      We are subject to many of the economic and political risks associated
      with emerging markets due to our operations in China. Adverse changes in
      economic and political policies of the PRC government could have a material
      adverse effect on the overall economic growth of China, which could
      adversely affect our business.
      With global presence, we conduct a substantial portion of our business and operations in China. As the
      lodging industry is highly sensitive to business and personal discretionary spending levels, it tends to
      decline during general economic downturns. Accordingly, our results of operations, financial condition
      and prospects are subject to a significant degree to economic developments in China. China’s economy
      differs from the economies of most developed countries in many respects, including with respect to
      the amount and degree of government involvement and influence on the level of development, growth
      rate, control of foreign exchange and allocation of resources. While the PRC economy has experienced
      significant growth in the past four decades, growth has been uneven across different regions and
      among various economic sectors of China. The PRC government has implemented various measures to
      encourage economic development and guide the allocation of resources. While some of these measures
      benefit the overall PRC economy, they may also have a negative effect on us. For example, our results
      of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by government control over capital
      investments or changes in environmental, health, labor or tax regulations that are applicable to us.


      As the PRC economy is increasingly intricately linked to the global economy, it is affected in various
      respects by downturns and recessions of major economies around the world, such as the global financial
      crisis and sovereign debt crisis in Europe. Stimulus measures designed to help China weather the
      global financial crisis may contribute to higher inflation, which could adversely affect our results of
      operations and financial condition. For example, certain operating costs and expenses, such as employee
      compensation and hotel operating expenses, may increase as a result of higher inflation. Measures to
      control the pace of economic growth may cause a decrease in the level of economic activity in China,
      which in turn could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, the PRC
      government continues to play a significant role in regulating industry development by imposing industrial
      policies. The Chinese government has recently published new policies that significantly affected certain
      industries such as the education and internet industries, and we cannot rule out the possibility that
      it will in the future release regulations or policies regarding our industry that could require us to seek
      permission from Chinese authorities to continue to operate our business, which may adversely affect
      our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, recent statements made by the
      Chinese government have indicated an intent to increase the government’s oversight and control over
      offerings of companies with significant operations in China that are to be conducted in foreign markets,
      as well as foreign investment in China-based issuers like us. The PRC government also exercises
      significant control over China’s economic growth through its allocation of resources, control of payment
      of foreign currency-denominated obligations, monetary policy, and preferential treatment for particular
      industries or companies. Any such action, once taken by the Chinese government, could significantly
      limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer ADSs and Shares to our investors, and
      could cause the value of our ADSs and Shares to significantly decline or become worthless.




160   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                                        RISK FACTORS


The PRC government also exercises significant control over China’s economic growth through the
allocation of resources, controlling payment of foreign currency-denominated obligations, interest
rate changes, setting monetary policy and providing preferential treatment to particular industries or
companies. Certain measures adopted by the PRC government, such as changes of the People’s Bank
of China’s statutory deposit reserve ratio and lending guideline imposed on commercial banks, may
restrict loans to certain industries. The State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or “SAFE”, and the
relevant Chinese banks where our operating subsidiaries or VIEs in China opened bank accounts may
adopt restrictions on the cross-border payment obligations and dividends repatriation made by these
subsidiaries or VIEs by way of “window guidance” measures. These actions, as well as future actions and
policies of the PRC government, could materially affect our liquidity and access to capital and our ability
to operate our business. In addition, these measures may also cause decreased economic activity in
China, and, since 2012, the Chinese economy has slowed down. Any prolonged slowdown in the Chinese
economy may reduce the demand for our services and materially and adversely affect our business and
results of operations. There have also been concerns about the relationships among China and other
Asian countries, the relationship between China and the United States, as well as the relationship
between the United States and certain Asian countries such as North Korea, which may result in or
intensify potential conflicts in relation to territorial, regional security and trade disputes.


Any adverse changes in economic conditions in China, in the policies of the Chinese government or in
the laws and regulations in China could have a material adverse effect on the overall economic growth
of China. Such developments could adversely affect our business and operating results, leading to
reduction in demand for our services and solutions and adversely affect our competitive position. An
economic downturn, whether actual or perceived, a further decrease in economic growth rates or an
otherwise uncertain economic outlook in China could have a material adverse effect on business and
consumer spending and, as a result, adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of
operations.


Inflation in China may disrupt our business and have an adverse effect on
our financial condition and results of operations.
The Chinese economy has experienced rapid expansion together with rising rates of inflation and
increasing salaries. Salary increases could potentially increase discretionary spending on travel, but
general inflation may also erode disposable incomes and consumer spending. Furthermore, certain
components of our operating costs, including personnel, food, laundry, consumables and property
development and renovation costs, may increase as a result of an increase in the cost of materials and
labor resulting from general inflation. However, we cannot guarantee that we can pass increased costs
to customers through room rate increases. This could adversely impact our business, financial condition
and results of operations.




                                                                        Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   161
      RISK FACTORS



      Uncertainties with respect to the Chinese legal system could limit the legal
      protections available to us and our investors and have a material adverse
      effect on our business and results of operations.
      Most of our operations are conducted in the PRC through our PRC subsidiaries, and are governed by PRC
      laws, rules and regulations. We also have operations through the VIEs, which contribute an insignificant
      portion of our total revenues and their impact to our consolidated financial statements are immaterial.
      The PRC legal system is a civil law system based on written statutes. Unlike in common law systems,
      prior court decisions may be cited for reference but have limited precedential value.


      Furthermore, the PRC legal system is based in part on government policies and internal rules, some
      of which are not published on a timely basis or at all. As a result, we may not be aware of our potential
      violation of these policies and rules. In addition, any administrative and court proceedings in China may
      be protracted and result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention.


      PRC government has significant oversight over the conduct of our business and it has recently indicated
      an intent to exert more oversight over offerings that are conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in
      China-based issuers. Any such action could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or
      continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or
      be worthless.


      Additionally, the promulgation of new laws, changes to existing laws or the interpretation or enforcement
      thereof, or the preemption of local regulations by national laws may have an adverse effect on our
      operations. On July 6, 2021, the General Office of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of
      China and the General Office of the State Council jointly issued the Opinions on Severely Cracking Down
      on Illegal Securities Activities in accordance with the law, or the Opinions. The Opinions emphasized
      the need to strengthen the administration over illegal securities activities, and to strengthen the
      supervision over overseas listings of Chinese companies. Measures, such as promoting the construction
      of relevant regulatory systems, will be taken to deal with the risks and incidents, such as data
      security and privacy protection, of China-based overseas listed companies. As there are uncertainties
      regarding the interpretation and implementation of such regulatory guidance, we cannot assure you
      that we will be able to comply with new regulatory requirements relating to our future overseas capital
      raising activities and we may be subject to more stringent requirements with respect to data privacy,
      cross-border investigations and legal claim enforcements. Uncertainties in the effect of future regulatory
      developments in China could limit the legal protections available to us and other foreign investors,
      including you. In addition, any litigation in China may be protracted and result in substantial costs and
      diversion of our resources and management attention.




162   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                                       RISK FACTORS


PRC laws and regulations have significantly enhanced the protections afforded to various forms of
foreign investments in China for the past decades. However, China has not developed a fully integrated
legal system, and recently enacted laws and regulations may not sufficiently cover all aspects of
economic activities in China. In particular, because these laws and regulations are relatively new, and
because of the limited volume of published decisions and their nonbinding nature, the interpretation
and enforcement of these laws and regulations involve uncertainties. Furthermore, the PRC legal system
is based in part on government policies and internal rules, some of which are not published on a timely
basis or at all, which may have a retroactive effect. As a result, we may not be aware of our violation
of these policies and rules until sometime after the violation. In addition, any administrative and court
proceedings in China may be protracted, resulting in substantial costs and diversion of resources and
management attention.


Recent regulatory developments in China may subject us to additional
regulatory review and disclosure requirements, expose us to government
interference, or otherwise restrict or completely hinder our ability to offer
securities and raise capital outside China, which could adversely affect our
business operations and cause the value of our securities to significantly
decline or become worthless.
As our primary business is conducted in China, we are exposed to legal and other risks associated with
our operations in China. The PRC government has significant authority to exert influence on the ability
of a company with operations in China, including us, to conduct its business, and may exert substantial
intervention and influence over the manner our operations. Any actions by the PRC government to
exert more oversight and control over offerings that are conducted overseas or foreign investment
in companies having operations in China, including us, could significantly limit or completely hinder
our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors, and cause the value of our securities to
significantly decline or become worthless. Recently, the PRC government initiated a series of regulatory
actions and statements to regulate business operations in China with little advance notice, including
cracking down on illegal activities in the securities market, enhancing supervision over China-based
companies listed overseas, adopting new measures to extend the scope of cybersecurity reviews,
adopting new laws and regulations related to data security, and expanding the efforts in anti-monopoly
enforcement. While we do not believe that these regulatory changes would have any material impact on
us, we cannot guarantee that the authorities will agree with us or will not promulgate new regulations
that restrict our business operations or access to capital.


On July 6, 2021, the General Office of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the
General Office of the State Council jointly issued the Opinions on Severe and Lawful Crackdown on Illegal
Securities Activities. These opinions emphasized the need to strengthen the administration over illegal
securities activities and the supervision on overseas listings by China-based companies. These opinions
proposed to take effective measures, such as promoting the construction of relevant regulatory systems,
to deal with the risks and incidents facing China-based overseas-listed companies and the demand
for cybersecurity and data privacy protection. These opinions and any related implementation rules to
be enacted may subject us to additional compliance requirement in the future. As these opinions were
recently issued, official guidance and interpretation of the opinions remain unclear in several respects
at this time. Therefore, we cannot assure you that we will remain fully compliant with all new regulatory
requirements of these opinions or any future implementation rules on a timely basis, or at all.



                                                                       Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   163
      RISK FACTORS


      Cybersecurity and data privacy and security issues are legislative and regulatory focus in China. On
      July 30, 2021, the State Council of the PRC promulgated the Regulations on the Protection of the
      Security of Critical Information Infrastructure, which took effect on September 1, 2021. This regulation
      requires, among others, certain competent authorities to identify critical information infrastructures.
      If any critical information infrastructure is identified, the relevant authorities shall promptly notify the
      relevant operator and the Ministry of Public Security. The CAC and a number of other departments under
      the State Council promulgated the Measures for Cybersecurity Review on December 28, 2021, which
      became effective on February 15, 2022. According to this regulation, critical information infrastructure
      operators purchasing network products and services and network platform operators carrying out data
      processing activities, which affect or may affect national security, are required to conduct cybersecurity
      review. We cannot rule out the possibility that the competent PRC government authorities will not initiate
      cybersecurity reviews on us in the future. Since the effective date of the Measures for Cybersecurity
      Review till the date of this annual report, we have not been involved in any investigations on cybersecurity
      review made by the CAC, and we have not received any inquiry, notice, warning, or sanctions in such
      respect. However, as these are new regulations that are evolving, there remains uncertainties as to how
      they will be interpreted or implemented in the context of an overseas offering.


      We may be subject to PRC laws relating to the collection, use, sharing, retention security, and transfer
      of confidential and private information, such as personal information and other data. For example, on
      September 1, 2021, the PRC Data Security Law became effective, which imposes data security and
      privacy obligations on entities and individuals conducting data-related activities, and introduces a data
      classification and hierarchical protection system based on the importance of data in economic and
      social development, as well as the degree of harm it will cause to national security, public interests,
      or legitimate rights and interests of individuals or organizations when such data is tampered with,
      destroyed, leaked, or illegally acquired or used. In addition, the Standing Committee of PRC National
      People’s Congress promulgated the Personal Information Protection Law (the “PIPL”) on August 20,
      2021, which took effect on November 1, 2021. The PIPL further emphasizes processors’ obligations and
      responsibilities for personal information protection and sets out the basic rules for processing personal
      information and the rules for cross-border transfer of personal information. On November 14, 2021,
      the Cyberspace Administration of China released the draft Administrative Regulation on Network Data
      Security for public comments through December 13, 2021 (the “Draft Administrative Regulation”). Under
      the Draft Administrative Regulation, foreign-listed data processors shall carry out annual data security
      evaluation and submit the evaluation report to the municipal cyberspace administration authority. We
      have implemented comprehensive cybersecurity and data protection policies, procedures and measures
      to safeguard personal information rights and ensure secured storage and transmission of data and
      prevent unauthorized access or use of data. Since the effective date of the PIPL till the date of this
      annual report, we have not been involved in any investigations on data security or privacy compliance
      issues in connection with the PRC Data Security Law or the PIPL, and we have not received any inquiry,
      notice, warning, or sanctions in such respect. However, we cannot guarantee that the regulators will
      agree with us or will not in the future adopt new regulations that restrict our business operations.




164   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                                      RISK FACTORS


On December 24, 2021, the CSRC published consultation drafts on the State Council Regulations on the
Overseas Issuance and Listing of Securities by Domestic Enterprises and the Filing Management Rules
on the Overseas Issuance and Listing of Securities by Domestic Enterprises. These regulations apply
to various types of overseas equity offerings and listings, including secondary or dual primary listings,
listing through special purchase acquisition companies, issuance of equity incentive awards, issuance of
equity securities or securities convertible into or exchangeable for equity securities. Issuers conducting
these transactions will need to make filings with the CSRC. According to the China Securities Regulatory
Commission’s answer to reporters’ questions on the two drafts on December 24, 2021, the regulations
will adhere to the principle of non-retroactivity of laws, and will go through the filing procedures as
required for companies planning to go public and overseas listed companies that have refinancing
activities; The filing of listed companies will be arranged separately, and a sufficient transition period
will be given. Since these are drafts, it is unclear the extent the CSRC will conduct review of our future
overseas equity offerings or listings. Separately, one of the preconditions for the CSRC filings is for the
issuers complete the cybersecurity review by the CAC to the extent applicable. In addition, these new
regulations and their future developments could potentially complicate our future equity offerings and
require us to incur significant compliance costs.


On October 23, 2021, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress published the Amended
Draft of the PRC Anti-Monopoly Law (the “Draft Amendment”). If the Draft Amendment is enacted as it
is, the legal consequences of the corresponding monopolistic acts would be harsher. However, we don’t
know if the Draft Amendment would be enacted as it is, or there would be further revisions to the Draft
Amendment, or when it would be enacted, with or without further revisions. Any failure or perceived
failure by us to comply with the anti-monopoly laws and regulations may result in governmental
investigations or enforcement actions, litigation or claims against us and could have an adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and results of operations.


Since these statements and regulatory actions are new, and some regulations are still at the stage
of consultation for comments, it is highly uncertain how soon legislative or administrative regulation
making bodies will respond and what existing or new laws or regulations or detailed implementations and
interpretations will be modified or promulgated, if any, or the potential impact such modified or new laws
and regulations will have on our daily business operation, our ability to accept foreign investments and
listing on a U.S. or other foreign exchanges. PRC laws and their interpretations and enforcement continue
to develop and are subject to change, and the PRC government may adopt other rules and restrictions in
the future.




                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   165
      RISK FACTORS



      Rapid urbanization and changes in zoning and urban planning in China may
      cause our leased and owned hotels to be demolished, removed or otherwise
      affected and our franchise agreements to terminate.
      China is undergoing a rapid urbanization process, and zoning requirements and other governmental
      mandates with respect to urban planning of a particular area may change from time to time. When there
      is a change in zoning requirements or other governmental mandates with respect to the areas where
      our hotels are located, the affected hotels may need to be demolished or removed. We have experienced
      such demolition and relocation in the past and we may encounter additional demolition and relocation
      cases in the future. For example, in 2021, we were obligated to demolish four leased hotels due to
      local government zoning requirements. In addition, as of December 31, 2021, we were notified by local
      government authorities that we may have to demolish four additional leased hotels due to local zoning
      requirements. Our franchise agreements typically provide that if the manachised or franchised hotels are
      demolished, the franchise agreements will terminate. In 2021, eight manachised hotels were demolished
      due to local government zoning requirements. Similar demolitions, termination of franchise agreements
      or interruptions of our hotel operations due to zoning or other local regulations could occur in the future.
      Any such further demolition and relocation could cause us to lose primary locations for our hotels and
      we may not be able to achieve comparable operation results following the relocations. While we may
      be reimbursed for such demolition and relocation, we cannot assure you that the reimbursement, as
      determined by the relevant government authorities, will be sufficient to cover our direct and indirect
      losses. Accordingly, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely
      affected.


      Governmental control of currency conversion may limit our ability to pay
      dividends in foreign currencies to our shareholders and therefore adversely
      affect the value of your investment.
      We are a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands. Our ability to pay dividends depends upon, among
      other things, our PRC subsidiaries’ and ability to obtain and remit sufficient foreign currency. Our PRC
      subsidiaries must present certain documents to SAFE, its authorized branch, or the designated foreign
      exchange bank, before they can obtain and remit foreign currencies out of the PRC, including evidence
      that the relevant PRC taxes have been paid. If our PRC subsidiaries, for any reason, fail to satisfy any of
      the PRC legal requirements for remitting foreign currency, our ability to pay dividends would be adversely
      affected.


      The PRC government imposes controls on the convertibility of RMB into foreign currencies and, in certain
      cases, the remittance of currency out of China. See “Business Overview – Regulation – Regulations on
      Foreign Currency Exchange” for discussions of the principal regulations and rules governing foreign
      currency exchange in China. We receive a substantial portion of our revenues in RMB. For most capital
      account items, approval from appropriate government authorities is required where RMB is to be
      converted into foreign currency and remitted out of China to pay capital expenses such as the repayment
      of bank loans denominated in foreign currencies. The PRC government may also at its discretion restrict
      access in the future to foreign currencies for current account transactions. If the foreign exchange
      control system prevents us from obtaining sufficient foreign currency to satisfy our currency demands,
      we may not be able to pay dividends in foreign currencies to our shareholders, including holders of our
      ADSs and ordinary shares, which would adversely affect the value of your investment.




166   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                                    RISK FACTORS



Fluctuation in the value of the Renminbi may have a material adverse effect
on your investment.
The value of the Renminbi against the U.S. dollar, Euro, Hong Kong dollar and other currencies is affected
by, among other things, changes in China’s political and economic conditions and China’s foreign
exchange policies.


A significant portion of our revenues, expenses and financial assets are denominated in the Renminbi.
Our reporting currency is Renminbi. The functional currencies of the entities within Deutsche Hospitality
include Euro and other currencies such as Swiss Franc. Our exposure to foreign exchange risk primarily
relates to cash and cash equivalents and loans denominated in U.S. dollars and Euro, and our investment
in equity securities of Accor denominated in Euro. We rely substantially on dividends paid to us by our
operating subsidiaries in China and Europe. Any significant depreciation of the Renminbi or Euro against
the U.S. dollar may have a material adverse effect on our revenues, and the value of, and any dividends
payable on, our ADSs and ordinary shares, when translated into U.S. dollars. If we decide to convert our
Renminbi or Euro into U.S. dollars for the purpose of making payments for dividends on our ordinary
shares or for other business purposes, depreciation of the Renminbi or Euro against the U.S. dollar or
Hong Kong dollar would reduce the U.S. dollar or Hong Kong dollar amount available to us. On the other
hand, to the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars or Hong Kong dollar into Renminbi or Euro for our
operations, appreciation of the Renminbi or Euro against the U.S. dollar or Hong Kong dollar would have
an adverse effect on the Renminbi amount we receive from the conversion. See “Management Discussion
and Analysis – Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk – Foreign Exchange Risk”
for discussions of our exposure to foreign currency risks. In summary, fluctuation in the value of the
Renminbi in either direction could have a material adverse effect on the value of our company and the
value of your investment.


In addition, because we also have operations in Europe (namely, Deutsche Hospitality) with the functional
currencies of Euro and other currencies such as Swiss Franc, when the Renminbi appreciates (or
depreciates) against these other functional currencies, such as Euro and Swiss Franc, our revenues from
these operations could decrease (or increase) when translated into Renminbi. In general, fluctuation in
the value of the Renminbi in either direction could result in the fluctuation in the value of our Company
and the value of your investment.


PRC regulations relating to the establishment of offshore special purpose
companies by PRC residents may subject our PRC resident shareholders
to personal liability and limit our ability to inject capital into our PRC
subsidiaries, limit our PRC subsidiaries’ ability to distribute profits to us, or
otherwise adversely affect us.
On July 4, 2014, SAFE issued the Circular of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Relevant
Issues concerning Foreign Exchange Administration of the Overseas Investment and Financing and
Round-trip Investments by Domestic Residents through Special Purpose Vehicles , or Circular 37, which
replaced the Circular on Relevant Issues Concerning Foreign Exchange Control on Domestic Residents’
Corporate Financing and Roundtrip Investment Through Offshore Special Purpose Vehicles issued by
SAFE in October 2005, or Circular 75. Pursuant to Circular 37, any PRC residents, including both PRC




                                                                     Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   167
      RISK FACTORS


      institutions and individual residents, are required to register with the local SAFE branch before making
      contribution to a company set up or controlled by the PRC residents outside of the PRC for the purpose
      of overseas investment or financing with their legally owned domestic or offshore assets or interests,
      referred to in this circular as a “special purpose vehicle.” In addition, such PRC residents or entities
      must update their SAFE registrations when the offshore special purpose vehicle undergoes material
      events relating to any change of basic information (including change of such PRC citizens or residents,
      name and operation term), increases or decreases in investment amount, transfers or exchanges of
      shares, or mergers or spin-offs. In February 2015, SAFE promulgated the Notice on Further Simplifying
      and Improving the Administration of the Foreign Exchange Management Policies on Direct Investment ,
      which took effect on June 1, 2015. This notice has amended SAFE Circular 37, requiring PRC residents
      or entities to register with qualified banks rather than SAFE or its local branch in connection with their
      establishment or control of an offshore entity established for the purpose of overseas investment or
      financing, where banks are required to review and carry out foreign exchange registration for offshore
      direct investments, and SAFE and its branches supervise foreign exchange registration for direct
      investments indirectly through the banks. See “Business Overview – Regulation – Regulations on
      Offshore Financing” for discussions of the registration requirements and the relevant penalties.


      We attempt to comply, and attempt to ensure that our shareholders and beneficial owners of our shares
      who are subject to these rules comply, with the relevant requirements. We cannot provide any assurance
      that our shareholders and beneficial owners of our shares who are PRC residents have complied or
      will comply with the requirements imposed by Circular 37 or other related rules. Any failure by any of
      our shareholders and beneficial owners of our shares who are PRC residents to comply with relevant
      requirements under this regulation could subject such shareholders, beneficial owners and us to fines
      or sanctions imposed by the PRC government, including limitations on our relevant subsidiary’s ability
      to pay dividends or make distributions to us and our ability to increase our investment in China, or other
      penalties that may adversely affect our operations.


      We rely principally on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by
      our subsidiaries to fund any cash and financing requirements we may have,
      and any limitation on the ability of our subsidiaries to make payments to us
      could have a material adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business.
      We are a holding company, and we rely principally on dividends from our subsidiaries in China for our
      cash requirements, including any debt we may incur. Current PRC laws and regulations permit our
      subsidiaries to pay dividends to us only out of their accumulated profits, if any, determined in accordance
      with PRC accounting standards and regulations. In addition, each of our subsidiaries in China is required
      to set aside a certain percentage of its after-tax earnings each year, if any, to fund certain statutory
      reserves. These reserves are not distributable as cash dividends. As of December 31, 2021, a total of
      RMB826 million (US$130 million) was not distributable in the form of dividends to us due to these PRC
      regulations. In addition, due to restrictions on the distribution of share capital from our PRC subsidiaries,
      the PRC subsidiaries’ share capital of RMB2,852 million as of December 31, 2021 is considered
      restricted. Furthermore, if our subsidiaries in China incur debt on their own behalf in the future, the
      instruments governing the debt may restrict their ability to pay dividends or make other payments to
      us. The inability of our subsidiaries to distribute dividends or other payments to us could materially
      and adversely limit our ability to grow, make investments or acquisitions that could be beneficial to our
      businesses, pay dividends, or otherwise fund and conduct our business.



168   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                                       RISK FACTORS



PRC regulation of loans and direct investment by offshore holding
companies to PRC entities may delay or prevent us from using the proceeds
from offerings of the ADSs, ordinary shares or other securities to make loans
or additional capital contributions to our PRC operating subsidiaries and
VIEs.
As an offshore holding company, our ability to make loans or additional capital contributions to our PRC
operating subsidiaries and VIEs is subject to PRC regulations and approvals. These regulations and
approvals may delay or prevent us from using the proceeds we received in the past or will receive in the
future from the offerings of ADSs, ordinary shares or other securities to make loans or additional capital
contributions to our PRC operating subsidiaries and VIEs, and impair our ability to fund and expand
our business which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and result of operations. For
example, SAFE promulgated the Circular of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Reforming
and Regulating Policies on the Control over Foreign Exchange Settlement Under the Capital Accounts,
or Circular 16, on June 9, 2016. Under Circular 16, registered capital of a foreign-invested company
settled in RMB converted from foreign currencies shall be subject to certain limitations prescribed under
Circular 16. In addition, foreign-invested companies may not change how they use such capital without
SAFE’s approval, and may not in any case use such capital to repay RMB loans if they have not used the
proceeds of such loans.


Furthermore, any offshore funds that we use to finance our PRC entities, including the net proceeds
from the offering of the ADSs, ordinary shares or other securities, are subject to the foreign investment
regulations and foreign exchange regulations in the PRC. We may make loans to our PRC entities,
but they are subject to approval by or registration with relevant governmental authorities in the PRC.
Furthermore, the application of the proceeds under the ADSs, ordinary shares or other securities is
subject to the foreign exchange regulations in the PRC. We may also decide to finance our entities by
means of capital contributions. According to the relevant PRC regulations on foreign-invested enterprises
in China, depending on the total amount of investment, capital contributions to our PRC operating
subsidiaries and VIEs is no longer subject to the approval of the PRC Ministry of Commerce or its local
branches. Instead, if we finance our PRC subsidiaries by means of additional capital contributions,
these capital contributions must be filed and registered with relevant government authorities, including
the Ministry of Commerce, or MOFCOM, or its local counterparts, the State Administration for Market
Regulation, or SAMR, through the Enterprise Registration System and the National Enterprise Credit
Information Publicity System, and SAFE. However, we cannot assure you that the regulations will always
remain favorable to us. If the regulations are revised in the future or we fail to complete such registration
or obtain such approvals on time, our ability to use the proceeds of the ADSs, ordinary shares or other
securities and to capitalize our operations in PRC may be negatively affected, which could adversely
affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business.




                                                                        Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   169
      RISK FACTORS



      We may be subject to fines and legal sanctions imposed by SAFE or other
      Chinese government authorities and our ability to further grant shares or
      share options to, and to adopt additional share incentive plans for, our
      directors and employees may be restricted if we or the participants of
      our share incentive plans fail to comply with PRC regulations relating to
      employee shares or share options granted by offshore special purpose
      companies or offshore listed companies to PRC participants.
      In February 2012, the SAFE issued the Notice on Relevant Issues Concerning Foreign Exchange Control
      on Domestic Individuals Participating in the Stock Incentive Plan of An Overseas Listed Company , or
      Circular 7, which requires PRC individual participants of stock incentive plans to register with the SAFE
      and to comply with a series of other requirements. See “Business Overview – Regulation – Regulations on
      Foreign Currency Exchange.” We are an offshore listed company and as a result we and the participants
      of our share incentive plans who are PRC citizens or non-PRC citizens residing in China successively for
      at least one year, or, collectively, the PRC participants, are subject to Circular 7. While we completed the
      foreign exchange registration procedures and complied with other requirements according to Circular 7 in
      June 2012 and April 2019, respectively, we cannot provide any assurance that we or the PRC participants
      of our share incentive plans have complied or will comply with the requirements imposed by Circular
      7. If we or the PRC participants of our share incentive plans fail to comply with Circular 7, we or the
      PRC participants of our share incentive plans may be subject to fines or other legal sanctions imposed
      by SAFE or other PRC government authorities and our ability to further grant shares or share options
      under our share incentive plans to, and to adopt additional share incentive plans for, our directors and
      employees may be restricted. Such events could adversely affect our business operations.


      It is unclear whether we will be considered as a PRC resident enterprise
      under the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC, and depending on the
      determination of our PRC resident enterprise status, if we are not treated
      as a PRC resident enterprise, dividends paid to us by our PRC subsidiaries
      will be subject to PRC withholding tax; if we are treated as a PRC resident
      enterprise, we may be subject to 25% PRC income tax on our worldwide
      income, and holders of our ADSs or ordinary shares that are non-PRC
      resident investors may be subject to PRC withholding tax on dividends on
      and gains realized on their transfer of our ADSs or ordinary shares.
      On March 16, 2007, the PRC National People’s Congress passed the Enterprise Income Tax Law , and the
      PRC State Council subsequently issued the Implementation Regulations of the Enterprise Income Tax
      Law (the “Implementation Regulations”). The Enterprise Income Tax Law (last amended on December
      29, 2018) and its Implementation Regulations (amended on April 23, 2019), collectively the “EIT Law”,
      provides that enterprises established outside of China whose “de facto management bodies” are located
      in China are considered resident enterprises and are therefore subject to PRC enterprise income tax
      at a uniform rate of 25% with respect to their income sourced from both within and outside of China.
      The Implementation Regulations define the term “de facto management body” as a management body
      that exercises substantial and overall control and management over the production and operations,
      personnel, accounting and properties of an enterprise.




170   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                                     RISK FACTORS


On April 22, 2009, the State Taxation Administration, or the “STA” (previously known as State
Administration of Taxation, or the “SAT”) issued the Notice Regarding the Determination of
Chinese-Controlled Enterprises Registered Offshore as PRC Tax Resident Enterprises on the Basis of De
Facto Management Bodies, or Circular 82. Circular 82 provides certain specific criteria for determining
whether the “de facto management body” of a Chinese-controlled offshore-incorporated enterprise
is located in China. In addition, the STA issued Public Announcement 2011 No. 45 in 2011 and Public
Announcement 2014 No. 9 in 2014, providing more guidance on the implementation of Circular 82 and
clarifying matters including resident status determination, post-determination administration and
competent tax authorities. However, the above-mentioned tax circulars apply only to offshore enterprises
controlled by PRC enterprises, not those invested in or controlled by PRC individuals, like our company.
Currently, there are no further detailed rules or precedents applicable to us regarding the procedures
and specific criteria for determining “de facto management body” for a company like us. It is still unclear
if the PRC tax authorities would determine that we should be classified as a PRC resident enterprise.


Although we have not been notified that we are treated as a PRC resident enterprise, we cannot assure
you that we will not be treated as a resident enterprise under the EIT Law, any aforesaid circulars or
any amended regulations in the future. If we are treated as a PRC resident enterprise for PRC enterprise
income tax purposes, among other things, we would be subject to the PRC enterprise income tax at
the rate of 25% on our worldwide taxable income. Furthermore, if we are treated as a PRC resident
enterprise, payments of dividend by us may be regarded as derived from sources within the PRC and
therefore we may be obligated to withhold PRC income tax at 10% on payments of dividend on the ADSs
or ordinary shares to non-PRC resident enterprise investors. In the case of non-PRC resident individual
investors, the tax may be withheld at a rate of 20%.


In addition, if we are treated as a PRC resident enterprise, any gain realized on the transfer of the ADSs
and/or ordinary shares by non-PRC resident investors may be regarded as derived from sources within
the PRC and accordingly may be subject to a 10% PRC income tax in the case of non-PRC resident
enterprises or 20% in the case of non-PRC resident individuals. The PRC income tax on dividends and/or
gains may be reduced or exempted under applicable tax treaties between the PRC and the ADS holder’s
or ordinary share holder’s home country. See “Other Information for Shareholders – Taxation – PRC
Taxation.”


If the U.S. Public Company Accounting Oversight Board is unable to inspect
our auditors as required under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable
Act, the SEC will prohibit the trading of our ADSs. A trading prohibition for
our ADSs, or the threat of a trading prohibition, may materially and adversely
affect the value of your investment. Additionally, the inability of the PCAOB
to conduct inspections of our auditors deprives our investors of the benefits
of such inspections.
The HFCA Act was enacted into law on December 18, 2020. Under the HFCA Act, if the SEC determines
that we have filed audit reports issued by a registered public accounting firm that has not been subject to
inspection by the PCAOB for three consecutive years (beginning with those we are to file in 2022), the SEC
will prohibit our securities, including our ADSs, from being traded on a U.S. national securities exchange,
including the NYSE, or in the over-the-counter trading market in the U.S. The process for implementing




                                                                     Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   171
      RISK FACTORS


      trading prohibitions pursuant to the HFCA Act will be based on a list of registered public accounting firms
      that the PCAOB has been unable to inspect and investigate completely as a result of a position taken by
      a non-U.S. government, or the Relevant Jurisdiction. The first such list was included in a release by the
      PCAOB on December 16, 2021, or the PCAOB December 2021 Release, and our auditor was included on
      that list. The SEC will review annual reports filed with it in 2022 to determine if the auditor used for such
      reports was so identified by the PCAOB, and such issuers will be designated as “Commission Identified
      Issuers” on a list to be published by the SEC. If an issuer is a Commission Identified Issuer for three
      consecutive years (which will be determined after the third such annual report), the SEC will issue an
      order that will implement the trading prohibitions described above.


      Unless we are able to retain a PCAOB-registered auditor subject to PCAOB inspection and investigation,
      we would expect that a trading prohibition for our ADSs could be issued shortly after the filing
      of our annual report on Form 20-F for 2023, which would be due on April 30, 2024. Given that all
      PCAOB-registered firms in China were included on the list in the PCAOB December 2021 Release, our
      ability to retain an auditor subject to PCAOB inspection and investigation will depend on the relevant U.S.
      and PRC regulators reaching an agreement to permit these inspections and investigations. The PCAOB
      entered into a Memorandum of Understanding on Enforcement Cooperation with the CSRC and the PRC
      Ministry of Finance, which established a cooperative framework between the parties for the production
      and exchange of audit documents relevant to investigations undertaken by the PCAOB in the PRC or by
      the CSRC or the PRC Ministry of Finance in the United States. The PCAOB continues to be in discussions
      with the CSRC and the PRC Ministry of Finance to permit joint inspections of the PCAOB-registered audit
      firms that audit Chinese companies that trade on U.S. exchanges. However, in the PCAOB December 2021
      Release, the PCAOB identified problems in implementing these agreements and a lack of cooperation.
      Accordingly, we can offer no assurance that we will be able to retain an auditor that would allow us to
      avoid a trading prohibition for our securities under the HFCA Act.


      In June 2021, the United States Senate passed a bill that would amend the HFCA Act to accelerate
      the imposition of trading prohibitions once an issuer is identified from three years to two years, and
      a companion bill was introduced in the U.S. House of Representatives on December 14, 2021. In
      February, 2022, the U.S. House of Representatives passed the America Competes Act of 2022, which
      includes the same amendments as the bill passed by the Senate. However, the America Competes Act
      includes a broader range of legislation not related to the HFCA Act in response to the U.S. Innovation
      and Competition Act passed by the Senate in 2021. The U.S. House of Representatives and U.S. Senate
      needs to agree on amendments to these respective bills to align the legislation and pass their amended
      bills before the President can sign into law. It is unclear when the U.S. Senate and U.S. House of
      Representatives will resolve the differences in the U.S. Innovation and Competition Act and the America
      Competes Act of 2022 bills currently passed. If this bill amending the HFCA Act is approved by both
      houses of Congress and signed by the President, our securities could be subject to a trading prohibition
      following our filing of our annual report on Form 20-F for 2022, which will be due on May 1, 2023.


      If our ADSs are subject to a trading prohibition under the HFCA Act, the price of our ADSs may be
      adversely affected, and the threat of such a trading prohibition would also adversely affect their price.
      If we are unable to be listed on another securities exchange that provides sufficient liquidity, such a
      trading prohibition may substantially impair your ability to sell or purchase our ADSs when you wish to




172   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                                      RISK FACTORS


do so. Furthermore, if we are able to maintain a listing or our ordinary shares on the Stock Exchange
of Hong Kong or another non-U.S. exchange, investors owning our ADSs may have to take additional
steps to engage in transactions on that exchange, including converting ADSs into ordinary shares and
establishing non-U.S. brokerage accounts.


The HFCA Act also imposes additional certification and disclosure requirements for Commission
Identified Issuers, and these requirements will apply beginning with annual reports on Form 20-F to be
filed in 2023 for Commission Identified Issuers named in the prior year. Because our auditor was included
in the list in the PCAOB December 2021 Release, we expect to have to comply with these disclosure
requirements in our annual report on Form 20-F for 2022 to be filed in 2023. The additional requirements
include a certification that the issuer is not owned or controlled by a governmental entity in the Relevant
Jurisdiction, and the additional requirements for annual reports include disclosure that the issuer’s
financials were audited by a firm not subject to PCAOB inspection, disclosure on governmental entities
in the Relevant Jurisdiction’s ownership in and controlling financial interest in the issuer, the names
of Chinese Communist Party, or CCP, members on the board of the issuer or its operating entities, and
whether the issuer’s article’s include a charter of the CCP, including the text of such charter.


In addition to the issues under the HFCA discussed above, the PCAOB’s inability to conduct inspections
in China and Hong Kong prevents it from fully evaluating the audits and quality control procedures of our
independent registered public accounting firm. As a result, we and investors in our ADSs and ordinary
shares are deprived of the benefits of such PCAOB inspections. The inability of the PCAOB to conduct
inspections of auditors in China makes it more difficult to evaluate the effectiveness of our independent
registered public accounting firm’s audit procedures or quality control procedures as compared to
auditors outside of China that are subject to the PCAOB inspections, which could cause investors
and potential investors in our stock to lose confidence in our audit procedures and reported financial
information and the quality of our financial statements.


Proceedings instituted by the SEC against the Big Four PRC-based
accounting firms, including our independent registered public accounting
firm, could result in financial statements being determined to not be in
compliance with the requirements of the Exchange Act.
In December 2012, the SEC instituted administrative proceedings against the Big Four PRC-based
accounting firms in China, including our independent PCAOB-registered public accounting firm, alleging
that these firms had violated U.S. securities laws and the SEC’s rules and regulations thereunder by
failing to provide to the SEC the firms’ audit work papers with respect to certain other PRC-based
companies that are publicly traded in the United States.


On January 22, 2014, the initial administrative law judge presiding over the matter rendered an initial
decision that each of the firms had violated the SEC’s rules of practice by failing to produce audit papers
and other documents to the SEC. The initial decision censured each of the firms and barred them from
practicing before the SEC for a period of six months.




                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   173
      RISK FACTORS


      On February 6, 2015, each of the four PRC-based accounting firms agreed to a censure and to pay a
      fine to the SEC to settle the dispute and avoid suspension of their ability to practice before the SEC
      and to audit US-listed companies. The settlement required the firms to follow detailed procedures
      and to seek to provide the SEC with access to Chinese firms’ audit documents via the CSRC. Under the
      terms of the settlement, the underlying proceeding against the four PRC-based accounting firms was
      deemed dismissed with prejudice four years after entry of the settlement. The four-year mark occurred
      on February 6, 2019. While we cannot predict if the SEC will further challenge the four PRC-based
      accounting firms’ compliance with U.S. law in connection with U.S. regulatory requests for audit
      work papers or if the results of such a challenge would result in the SEC imposing penalties such as
      suspensions, if the accounting firms are subject to additional remedial measures, our ability to file our
      financial statements in compliance with SEC requirements could be affected. A determination that we
      have not timely filed financial statements in compliance with SEC requirements could ultimately lead to
      our delisting from the Nasdaq, deregistration from the SEC, or both, which would substantially reduce or
      effectively terminate the trading of our ADSs in the United States.


      In the event that the SEC restarts the administrative proceedings described above, depending upon
      the final outcome, listed companies in the United States with major China-based operations may find
      it difficult or impossible to retain auditors in respect of their operations in China, which could result in
      financial statements being determined not to be in compliance with the requirements of the Exchange
      Act, including possible delisting. Moreover, any negative news about any such future proceedings against
      these audit firms may cause investor uncertainty regarding China-based, U.S.-listed companies and the
      market price of our ADSs may be adversely affected.


      If our independent registered public accounting firm was denied, even temporarily, the ability to practice
      before the SEC and we were unable to timely find another registered public accounting firm to audit and
      issue an opinion on our financial statements, our financial statements could be determined to be not in
      compliance with the requirements of the Exchange Act. Such a determination could ultimately lead to
      the delisting of the ADSs or deregistration from the SEC, or both, which would substantially reduce or
      effectively terminate the trading of the ADSs in the United States.


      RISKS RELATED TO OUR ADSS, ORDINARY SHARES AND OUR TRADING
      MARKET
      The market prices for our ADSs and/or ordinary shares has been and may
      continue to be volatile.
      The market price for our ADSs has been volatile and has ranged from a low of US$32.99 to a high of
      US$64.53 on the NASDAQ Global Select Market in 2021. Likewise, the high and low prices of our ordinary
      shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 2021 were HK$49.3 and HK$24.4, respectively. In addition,
      the performance and fluctuation of the market prices of other companies with business operations
      located mainly in China that have listed their securities in Hong Kong S.A.R. and/or the United States
      may affect the volatility in the prices of and trading volumes for our ADSs and/or ordinary shares. Some
      of these companies have experienced significant volatility. The trading performances of these companies’
      securities may affect the overall investor sentiment towards other companies with business operations




174   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                                       RISK FACTORS


located mainly in China and listed in Hong Kong S.A.R. and/or the United States and consequently may
impact the trading performance of our ADSs and/or ordinary shares. The market price is subject to wide
fluctuations in response to various factors, including the following:


•      actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly operating results;


•      changes in financial estimates by securities research analysts;


•      conditions in the travel and lodging industries;


•      changes in the economic performance or market valuations of other lodging companies;


•      announcements by us or our competitors of new products, acquisitions, strategic partnerships,
       joint ventures or capital commitments;


•      addition or departure of key personnel;


•      fluctuations of exchange rates between the RMB and U.S. dollar, Hong Kong dollar or other foreign
       currencies;


•      potential litigation or administrative investigations;


•      release of lock-up or other transfer restrictions on our outstanding ADSs or ordinary shares or
       sales of additional ADSs or ordinary shares; and


•      political or market instability or disruptions, pandemics or epidemics and other disruptions to
       China’s economy or the global economy, and actual or perceived social unrest in the United States,
       Hong Kong S.A.R., Europe or other countries and regions that we operate.


In addition, the market prices for companies with operations in China in particular have experienced
volatility that might have been unrelated to the operating performance of such companies. The securities
of some China-based companies that have listed their securities in the United States and/or in Hong
Kong have experienced significant volatility, including, in some cases, substantial declines in the
market prices of their securities. The performance of the securities of these China-based companies
after their offerings may affect the attitudes of investors toward Chinese companies listed in the United
States and/or Hong Kong, which consequently may impact the performance of our ADSs and ordinary
shares, regardless of our actual operating performance. In addition, any negative news or perceptions
about inadequate corporate governance practices or fraudulent accounting, corporate structure or
other matters of other China-based companies may also negatively affect the attitudes of investors
towards China-based companies in general, including us, regardless of whether we have engaged in any
inappropriate activities.




                                                                        Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   175
      RISK FACTORS


      The global financial crisis and the ensuing economic recessions in many countries have contributed and
      may continue to contribute to extreme volatility in the global stock markets, such as the large declines
      in share prices in the United States, China, Hong Kong and other jurisdictions at various times since
      2008. These broad market and industry fluctuations may adversely affect the prices of our ADSs and/or
      ordinary shares, regardless of our operating performance.


      An active trading market for our ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock
      Exchange might not be sustained and trading prices of our ordinary shares
      might fluctuate significantly.
      Since our listing in Hong Kong in 2020, our ordinary shares have been traded on the Hong Kong Stock
      Exchange. However, we cannot assure you that an active trading market for our ordinary shares on the
      Hong Kong Stock Exchange will be sustained. The trading price or liquidity for our ADSs on the NASDAQ
      Global Select Market and the trading price or liquidity for our ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock
      Exchange in the past might not be indicative of those of our ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock
      Exchange in the future. If an active trading market of our ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock
      Exchange is not sustained, the market price and liquidity of our ordinary shares could be materially and
      adversely affected.


      In 2014, the Hong Kong, Shanghai and Shenzhen Stock Exchanges collaborated to create an
      inter-exchange trading mechanism called Stock Connect that allows international and mainland Chinese
      investors to trade eligible equity securities listed in each other’s markets through the trading and
      clearing facilities of their home exchange. Stock Connect allows certain mainland Chinese investors to
      trade directly in eligible equity securities listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, known as Southbound
      Trading. If a company’s shares are not considered eligible, they cannot be traded through Stock Connect.
      It is unclear whether and when the ordinary shares of our company will be eligible to be traded through
      Stock Connect, if at all. The ineligibility of our ordinary shares for trading through Stock Connect will
      affect certain mainland Chinese investors’ ability to trade our ordinary shares.


      If securities or industry analysts do not continue to publish research or
      publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the market
      prices and trading volume for our ADSs and/or ordinary shares could decline.
      The trading market for our ADSs and/or ordinary shares relies in part on the research and reports that
      equity research analysts publish about us or our business. We do not control these analysts. If research
      analysts do not maintain adequate research coverage or if one or more of the analysts who covers us
      downgrades our ADSs and/or ordinary shares or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our
      business, the market price for our ADSs and/or ordinary shares would likely decline. If one or more of
      these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in
      the financial markets, which, in turn, could cause the market price or trading volume for the ADSs and/or
      ordinary shares to decline significantly.




176   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                                          RISK FACTORS



Techniques employed by short sellers may drive down the market prices of
the ADSs and/or ordinary shares.
Short selling is the practice of selling securities that the seller does not own but rather has borrowed
from a third party with the intention of buying identical securities back at a later date to return to the
lender. The short seller hopes to profit from a decline in the value of the securities between the sale of
the borrowed securities and the purchase of the replacement shares, as the short seller expects to pay
less in that purchase than it received in the sale. As it is in the short seller’s interest for the price of the
security to decline, many short sellers publish, or arrange for the publication of, negative opinions and
allegations regarding the relevant issuer and its business prospects in order to create negative market
momentum and generate profits for themselves after selling a security short. These short attacks
have, in the past, led to selling of shares in the market and significant volatility of the prices of ordinary
shares and/or ADSs of the targeted company. We received two short seller reports in September 2020.
After receiving those reports, we immediately formed a special investigation committee, hired attorneys
and conducted an internal investigation regarding the allegations in the relevant reports. Though we
concluded that, subject to our ongoing internal investigations, those unfavorable allegations in the short
sellers reports were untrue and without merit, the short seller reports, the volatility in the prices of our
ADSs and ordinary shares, our ongoing internal investigations, as well as our responses to regulatory
inquiries and relevant institutions, had diverted and could continue to divert our management’s attention.
Furthermore, we had spent and could continue to spend a significant amount of resources investigating
such allegations, responding to relevant regulatory inquiries and defending ourselves against any
potential class action lawsuits. We cannot guarantee that we will not receive such short seller reports
in the future. In the event we receive additional short seller reports in the future, our management’s
attention could be diverted, which could adversely affect our business operations and administration. We
may need to spend a significant amount of time and resources responding to the short selling firms and
regulatory inquiries and preparing for or defending against potential class action lawsuits or derivative
actions initiated by our investors and shareholders. Additionally, we may also be constrained in the
manner in which we can proceed against the relevant short sellers by principles of freedom of speech,
applicable laws of the relevant jurisdictions or issues of commercial confidentiality.


We may need additional capital, and the sale of additional ADSs, ordinary
shares or other equity securities could result in additional dilution to our
shareholders and the incurrence of additional indebtedness could increase
our debt service obligations.
We believe that our current cash and cash equivalents, anticipated cash flow from operations, and funds
available from borrowings under our bank facilities (including the undrawn bank facilities currently
available to us and bank facilities we plan to obtain in 2022) will be sufficient to meet our anticipated
working capital cash needs for at least the next 12 months. We may, however, require additional cash
resources due to changed business conditions, strategic acquisitions or other future developments,
including expansion through leased and owned hotels and any investments or acquisitions we may
decide to pursue. If these resources are insufficient to satisfy our cash requirements, we may seek
to sell additional equity or debt securities or obtain additional credit facilities. The sale of additional
equity and equity-linked securities could result in additional dilution to our shareholders. The sale of
substantial amounts of our ADSs and/or ordinary shares could dilute the interests of our shareholders




                                                                         Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   177
      RISK FACTORS


      and ADS holders and adversely impact the market prices of our ADSs and/or ordinary shares. As of
      December 31, 2021, we had approximately 1,757.1 million ordinary shares outstanding held as ADSs, and
      approximately 53.7 million non-vested restricted stocks outstanding. The conversion of some or all of the
      convertible senior notes will dilute the ownership interests of existing shareholders and holders of the
      ADSs. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased debt service obligations and could result
      in operating and financing covenants that would restrict our operations. We cannot assure you that
      financing will be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all.


      Due to the global outbreak of COVID-19, our business has been significantly impacted and we
      experienced operating losses in 2020 and 2021. Our total revenues increased by 25.4% from RMB10,196
      million in 2020 to RMB12,785 million (US$2,006 million) in 2021. We recorded net loss attributable to
      Huazhu Group Limited of RMB465 million (US$73 million) in 2021, compared to net loss attributable
      to Huazhu Group Limited of RMB2,192 million in 2020. As of December 31, 2021, our current liabilities
      exceeded our current assets by US$898 million, which was mainly resulted from our 2022 Notes and
      the outstanding bank borrowing of EUR338 million in connection with our long-term facility of EUR440
      million that will become due in December 2022. Our ability to continue as a going concern depends on
      our ability to generate cash flows from operations and to arrange adequate financing arrangements to
      support our working capital requirements. For more information, please see “Management Discussion
      and Analysis – Liquidity and Capital Resources.” If we are unable to continue as a going concern or
      achieve or maintain profitability, the market price of our ADSs may significantly decrease.


      Future sales or issuances, or perceived future sales or issuances, of
      substantial amounts of our ordinary shares or ADSs could adversely affect
      the prices of our ADSs and/or ordinary shares.
      If our existing shareholders sell, or are perceived as intending to sell, substantial amounts of our ordinary
      shares or ADSs, including those issued upon the exercise of our outstanding stock options, the market
      price of our ADSs and/or ordinary shares could fall. Such sales, or perceived potential sales, by our
      existing shareholders might make it more difficult for us to issue new equity or equity-related securities
      in the future at a time and place we deem appropriate. ordinary shares held by our existing shareholders
      may be sold in the public market in the future subject to the restrictions contained in Rule 144 and
      Rule 701 under the Securities Act and the applicable lock-up agreements. If any existing shareholder or
      shareholders sell a substantial amount of ordinary shares after the expiration of the lock-up period, the
      prevailing market price for our ADSs and/or ordinary shares could be adversely affected.


      In addition, certain of our shareholders or their transferees and assignees will have the right to
      cause us to register the sale of their shares under the Securities Act upon the occurrence of certain
      circumstances. Registration of these shares under the Securities Act would result in these shares
      becoming freely tradable without restriction under the Securities Act immediately upon the effectiveness
      of the registration. Sales of these registered shares in the public market could cause the prices of our
      ADSs and/or ordinary shares to decline.




178   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                                      RISK FACTORS


Furthermore, we will be required to issue ADSs to holders of our convertible senior notes due 2022, or
the 2022 Notes, upon their conversion of the notes. These ADS issuances’ dilutive effect on our existing
shareholders’ interests in our Company may not be fully offset by the existing capped call transactions
that we entered into in connection with our 2022 Notes. In addition, we have not entered into any hedging
transactions to reduce the dilution to our existing shareholders upon the holders’ conversion of our
convertible senior notes due 2026, or the 2026 Notes. As a result, the prevailing trading prices of our
ADSs and/or ordinary shares could be adversely affected by conversions of these notes.


As our founder and co-founders collectively hold a controlling interest in us,
they have significant influence over our management and their interests may
not be aligned with our interests or the interests of our other shareholders.
As of March 31, 2022, our founder, Mr. Qi Ji, who is also our chairman of the board and our co-founders,
Ms. Tong Tong Zhao and Mr. John Jiong Wu, in total beneficially own approximately 32.9% of our
outstanding ordinary shares on an as-converted basis. See “Major Shareholders and Related Party
Transactions – Major Shareholders.” The interests of these shareholders may conflict with the interests
of our other shareholders. Our founder and co-founders have significant influence over us, including on
matters relating to mergers, consolidations and the sale of all or substantially all of our assets, election
of directors and other significant corporate actions. This concentration of ownership may discourage,
delay or prevent a change in control of us, which could deprive our shareholders of an opportunity to
receive a premium for their shares as part of a sale of us or of our assets and might reduce the price
of our ADSs and/or ordinary shares. These actions may be taken even if they are opposed by our other
shareholders, including holders of our ADSs and/or ordinary shares.


Holders of our ADSs may not receive dividends or other distributions on
our ordinary shares and may not receive any value for them, if it is illegal or
impractical to make them available to these holders.
The depositary of the ADSs has agreed that if it or the custodian receives any cash dividends or other
distributions on our ordinary shares or other deposited securities underlying the ADSs, it will pay them
to the holders of ADSs after deducting its fees and expenses pursuant to the deposit agreement. The
holders of ADSs will receive these distributions in proportion to the number of ordinary shares their ADSs
represent. However, the depositary or the custodian is not responsible if it decides that it is unlawful or
impractical to make a distribution available to any holders of ADSs. For example, it would be unlawful
to make a distribution to a holder of ADSs if it consists of securities that require registration under the
Securities Act, but that are not properly registered or distributed under an applicable exemption from
registration. The depositary may also determine that it is not practicable to distribute certain property.
In these cases, the depositary may determine not to distribute such property. We have no obligation to
register under U.S. securities laws any ADSs, ordinary shares, rights or other securities received through
such distributions. We also have no obligation to take any other action to permit the distribution of ADSs,
ordinary shares, rights or anything else to holders of ADSs. This means that the holders of ADSs may not
receive distributions we make on our ordinary shares or any value for them if it is illegal or impractical for
us to make them available to these holders. These restrictions may cause a material decline in the value
of the ADSs.




                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021    179
      RISK FACTORS



      ADS holders may not have the same voting rights as the holders of
      our ordinary shares and generally have fewer rights than our ordinary
      shareholders, and must act through the depositary to exercise those rights.
      Holders of ADSs do not have the same rights as our ordinary shareholders and may only exercise voting
      and other shareholder rights with respect to the underlying ordinary shares in accordance with the
      provisions of the deposit agreement. Except as described in the deposit agreement, holders of our
      ADSs may not be able to exercise voting rights attaching to the shares evidenced by our ADSs on an
      individual basis. Holders of our ADSs appoint the depositary or its nominee as their representative to
      exercise the voting rights attaching to the shares represented by the ADSs. ADS holders may not receive
      voting materials in time to instruct the depositary to vote, and it is possible that they may not have
      the opportunity to exercise a right to vote and/or may lack recourse if the ADSs are not voted as you
      requested.


      Except in limited circumstances, the depositary will give us a discretionary
      proxy to vote our ordinary shares underlying the ADSs if holders of these
      ADSs do not give voting instructions to the depositary, which could adversely
      affect the interests of holders of ordinary shares and/or the ADSs.
      Under the deposit agreement, the depositary will give us a discretionary proxy to vote the ordinary shares
      underlying the ADSs at shareholders’ meetings if holders of these ADSs do not give voting instructions to
      the depositary, unless:


      •      we have instructed the depositary that we do not wish a discretionary proxy to be given;


      •      we have informed the depositary that there is substantial opposition as to a matter to be voted on
             at the meeting;


      •      a matter to be voted on at the meeting may adversely affect the rights of shareholders; or


      •      voting at the meeting is made on a show of hands.


      The effect of this discretionary proxy is that, if holders of ADSs fail to give voting instructions to the
      depositary, they cannot prevent our ordinary shares underlying their ADSs from being voted, except
      under the circumstances described above. This may make it more difficult for shareholders to influence
      our management. Holders of our ordinary shares are not subject to this discretionary proxy.




180   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                                    RISK FACTORS



We adopt different practices as to certain matters as compared with many
other companies listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
We completed our public offering and listing in Hong Kong in September 2020 and the trading of our
ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange commenced on September 22, 2020 under the stock
code “1179.” As a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Chapter 19C of the Hong
Kong Listing Rules, we are not subject to certain provisions of the Hong Kong Listing Rules pursuant to
Rule 19C.11, including, among others, rules on notifiable transactions, connected transactions, share
option schemes, content of financial statements as well as certain other continuing obligations. In
addition, in connection with the listing of our ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, we have
been granted a number of waivers and/or exemptions from strict compliance with the Hong Kong Listing
Rules, the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Chapter 32 of the Laws of
Hong Kong), the Code on Takeovers and Mergers and Share Buy-backs (the “Takeovers Codes”) and the
Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the “SFO”). As a result, we
will adopt different practices as to those matters, including with respect to the content and presentation
of our annual reports and interim reports, as compared with other companies listed on the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange that do not enjoy those exemptions or waivers. Furthermore, if 55% or more of the total
worldwide trading volume, by dollar value, of our ordinary shares and ADSs over our most recent fiscal
year takes place on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange will regard us as
having a dual primary listing in Hong Kong and we will no longer enjoy certain exemptions or waivers from
strict compliance with the requirements under the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Companies (Winding Up
and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Chapter 32 of the Laws of Hong Kong), the Takeovers Codes
and the SFO, which could result in our needing to undertake additional compliance activities, to devote
additional resources to comply with new requirements, and our incurring of incremental compliance
costs.


ADS holders may not be able to participate in rights offerings and may
experience dilution of his, her or its holdings as a result.
We may from time to time distribute rights to our shareholders, including rights to acquire our securities.
Under the deposit agreement for the ADSs, the depositary will not offer those rights to ADS holders
unless both the rights and the underlying securities to be distributed to ADS holders are either registered
under the Securities Act, or exempt from registration under the Securities Act with respect to all holders
of ADSs. We are under no obligation to file a registration statement with respect to any such rights or
underlying securities or to endeavor to cause such a registration statement to be declared effective. In
addition, we may not be able to take advantage of any exemptions from registration under the Securities
Act. Accordingly, holders of our ADSs may be unable to participate in our rights offerings and may
experience dilution in their holdings as a result.




                                                                     Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   181
      RISK FACTORS



      ADS holders may be subject to limitations on transfer of their ADSs.
      Our ADSs are transferable on the books of the depositary. However, the depositary may close its transfer
      books at any time or from time to time when it deems expedient in connection with the performance of its
      duties. In addition, the depositary may refuse to deliver, transfer or register transfers of ADSs generally
      when our books or the books of the depositary are closed, or at any time if we or the depositary deem
      it advisable to do so because of any requirement of law or of any government or governmental body, or
      under any provision of the deposit agreement, or for any other reason.


      As a foreign private issuer, we are permitted to, and we will, rely on
      exemptions from certain NASDAQ corporate governance standards
      applicable to U.S. issuers, including the requirement regarding the
      implementation of a nominations committee. This may afford less protection
      to holders of our ordinary shares and ADSs.
      The NASDAQ Marketplace Rules in general require listed companies to have, among other things, a
      nominations committee consisting solely of independent directors. As a foreign private issuer, we
      are permitted to, and we will, follow home country corporate governance practices instead of certain
      requirements of the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules, including, among others, the implementation of a
      nominations committee. The corporate governance practice in our home country, the Cayman Islands,
      does not require the implementation of a nominations committee. We currently intend to rely upon
      the relevant home country exemption in lieu of the nominations committee. As a result, the level of
      independent oversight over management of our company may afford less protection to holders of our
      ordinary shares and ADSs.


      Our amended and restated articles of association contain anti-takeover
      provisions that could have a material adverse effect on the rights of holders
      of our ordinary shares and ADSs.
      Our amended and restated articles of association contain provisions that have potential to limit
      the ability of others to acquire control of our company or cause us to enter into change-of-control
      transactions. These provisions could have the effect of depriving our shareholders of opportunities to
      sell their shares at a premium over prevailing market prices by discouraging third parties from seeking to
      obtain control of our company in a tender offer or similar transaction.


      For example, our board of directors has the authority, without further action by our shareholders, to issue
      preferred shares in one or more classes or series and to fix their designations, powers, preferences, and
      relative participating, optional or other rights and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions, including,
      without limitation, dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption privileges and
      liquidation preferences, any or all of which may be greater than the rights associated with our ordinary
      shares, in the form of ADSs or otherwise. In the event these preferred shares have better voting rights
      than our ordinary shares, in the form of ADSs or otherwise, they could be issued quickly with terms
      calculated to delay or prevent a change in control of our company or make removal of management more
      difficult. If our board of directors decides to issue preferred shares, the price of our ADSs may decline
      and the voting and other rights of the holders of our ordinary shares and ADSs may be materially and
      adversely affected.




182   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                                     RISK FACTORS


The provisions of our amended and restated articles of association may encourage potential acquirers
to negotiate with us and allow our board of directors the opportunity to consider alternative proposals in
the interest of maximizing shareholder value. However, these provisions may also discourage acquisition
proposals or delay or prevent a change in control that could be beneficial to holders of our ordinary
shares and ADSs.


You may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to
protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts or Hong Kong courts
may be limited. The ability of U.S. or Hong Kong authorities to bring actions
against us or our management may also be limited.
We are incorporated in the Cayman Islands, and conduct a substantial portion of our business and
operations through our subsidiaries in China, the world’s largest emerging market. With the acquisition
of Deutsche Hospitality in January 2020, we also operate some of our business in Germany, among other
jurisdictions. Most of our officers reside outside the United States and Hong Kong and some or all of
the assets of those persons are located outside of the United States and Hong Kong. It may be difficult
or impossible for you to bring an action against us or against these individuals in the Cayman Islands,
China, Hong Kong or Germany in the event that you believe that your rights have been infringed under
the securities laws or otherwise. Even if you are successful in bringing an action of this kind outside
the Cayman Islands, China, Hong Kong or Germany, the laws of the Cayman Islands, China, Hong Kong
and Germany may render you unable to effect service of process upon, or to enforce a judgment against
our assets or the assets of our directors and officers. There is no statutory recognition in the Cayman
Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, Hong Kong, China or Germany. Although there is no
statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the federal or state courts of the
United States (and the Cayman Islands are not a party to any treaties for the reciprocal enforcement or
recognition of such judgments with the United States), the courts of the Cayman Islands would recognize
as a valid judgment, a final and conclusive judgment in personam obtained in the federal or state courts
of the United States against the Company under which a sum of money is payable (other than a sum of
money payable in respect of multiple damages, taxes or other charges of a like nature or in respect of
a fine or other penalty) or, in certain circumstances, an in personam judgment for non-monetary relief,
and would give a judgment based thereon provided that (a) such courts had proper jurisdiction over the
parties subject to such judgment; (b) such courts did not contravene the rules of natural justice of the
Cayman Islands; (c) such judgment was not obtained by fraud; (d) the enforcement of the judgment would
not be contrary to the public policy of the Cayman Islands; (e) no new admissible evidence relevant to the
action is submitted prior to the rendering of the judgment by the courts of the Cayman Islands; and (f)
there is due compliance with the correct procedures under the laws of the Cayman Islands.




                                                                     Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   183
      RISK FACTORS


      A judgment of a court of another jurisdiction may be reciprocally recognized or enforced if the
      jurisdiction has a treaty with China or if judgments of the PRC courts have been recognized before in that
      jurisdiction, subject to the satisfaction of other requirements. However, China does not have treaties
      providing for the reciprocal enforcement of judgments of courts with Japan, the United Kingdom, the
      United States and most other Western countries. There are also uncertainties as to the enforceability in
      Germany of civil liabilities based on the U.S. federal and state securities laws or Hong Kong laws, either
      in an original action or in an action to enforce a judgment obtained in U.S. courts or Hong Kong courts
      (as the case may be). Germany currently does not have a treaty with the U.S. or Hong Kong providing
      for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments, other than arbitration awards, in civil and
      commercial matters. German courts usually deny the recognition and enforcement of punitive damages
      as incompatible with the fundamental principles of German law. In addition, due to jurisdictional
      limitations, matters of comity and various other factors, the SEC, Department of Justice and other U.S.
      authorities may be limited in their ability to take enforcement actions, including in instances of fraud,
      against us or our directors and officers in China. In addition, shareholder claims that are common in the
      United States, including class action securities law and fraud claims, are generally uncommon in China.


      Our corporate affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
      association and by the Companies Act, Cap 22 (Act 3 of 1961, as consolidated and revised) (the
      “Companies Act”) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. The rights of shareholders to take legal
      action against our directors and us, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities
      of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the
      Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited
      judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, which has persuasive, but
      not binding, authority on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary
      responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are not as clearly established as they would
      be under statutes or judicial precedents in the United States and Hong Kong. In particular, the Cayman
      Islands has a less developed body of securities laws as compared to the United States and Hong Kong,
      and provides significantly less protection to investors. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not
      have standing to initiate a shareholder derivative action before the federal courts of the United States
      or the courts of Hong Kong. Furthermore, our amended and restated articles of association are specific
      to us and include certain provisions that may be different from common practices in Hong Kong, such
      as the absence of requirements that the appointment, removal and remuneration of auditors must be
      approved by a majority of our shareholders.


      As a result of all of the above, our public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their
      interests through actions against our management, directors or major shareholders than would
      shareholders of a corporation incorporated in a jurisdiction in the United States or in Hong Kong.




184   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                                        RISK FACTORS



It may be difficult for overseas regulators to conduct investigations or
collect evidence within China.
Shareholder claims or regulatory investigations that are common in the United States generally are
difficult to pursue as a matter of law or practicality in China. For example, in China, there are significant
legal and other obstacles to providing information needed for regulatory investigations or litigation
initiated outside China. Although the authorities in China may establish a regulatory cooperation
mechanism with the securities regulatory authorities of another country or region to implement
cross-border supervision and administration, such cooperation with the securities regulatory authorities
in the United States may not be efficient in the absence of mutual and practical cooperation mechanisms.
Furthermore, according to Article 177 of the PRC Securities Law, or Article 177, which became effective
in March 2020, no overseas securities regulator is allowed to directly conduct investigation or evidence
collection activities within the territory of the PRC. While detailed interpretations of or implementation
rules under Article 177 have yet to be promulgated, the inability for an overseas securities regulator to
directly conduct investigation or evidence collection activities within China may increase difficulties you
may face in protecting your interests.


The different characteristics of the capital markets in Hong Kong and the
U.S. may negatively affect the trading prices of our ordinary shares and
ADSs.
We are subject to Hong Kong and NASDAQ listing and regulatory requirements concurrently. The Hong
Kong Stock Exchange and the NASDAQ Global Select Market have different trading hours, trading
characteristics (including trading volume and liquidity), trading and listing rules, and investor bases
(including different levels of retail and institutional participation). As a result of these differences, the
trading prices of our ordinary shares and/or ADSs may not be the same, even allowing for currency
differences and the ADS ratio. Fluctuations in the price of our ADSs due to circumstances peculiar to the
U.S. capital markets could materially and adversely affect the price of the ordinary shares, or vice versa.
Certain events having significant negative impact specifically on the U.S. capital markets may result in
a decline in the trading price of our ordinary shares notwithstanding that such event may not impact the
trading prices of securities listed in Hong Kong generally or to the same extent, or vice versa. Because of
the different characteristics of the U.S. and Hong Kong capital markets, the historical market prices of
our ADSs in the NASDAQ Global Select Market may not be indicative of the trading performance of the
ordinary shares in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, and vice versa.


Exchange between our ordinary shares and our ADSs may adversely affect
the liquidity and/or trading price of each other.
Our ADSs are currently traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market. Subject to compliance with U.S.
securities law and the terms of the deposit agreement, holders of our ordinary shares may deposit
ordinary shares with the depositary in exchange for the issuance of our ADSs. Any holder of ADSs may
also withdraw the ordinary shares underlying the ADSs pursuant to the terms of the deposit agreement
for trading on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. In the event that a substantial number of ordinary shares
are deposited with the depositary in exchange for ADSs, or vice versa, the liquidity and trading prices
of our ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and our ADSs on the NASDAQ Global Select
Market may be adversely affected.




                                                                        Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   185
      RISK FACTORS



      The time required for the exchange between ordinary shares and ADSs may
      be longer than expected and investors may not be able to settle or effect
      any sale of their securities during this period, and the exchange of ordinary
      shares into ADSs involves costs.
      There is no direct trading or settlement route between the NASDAQ Global Select Market and the Hong
      Kong Stock Exchange on which our ADSs and the ordinary shares are respectively traded. In addition,
      the time differences between Hong Kong and New York and unforeseen market circumstances or other
      factors may delay the deposit of ordinary shares in exchange of ADSs or the withdrawal of ordinary
      shares underlying the ADSs. Investors will be prevented from settling or effecting the sale of their
      securities during such periods of delay. In addition, there is no assurance that any exchange of ordinary
      shares into ADSs (and vice versa) will be completed in accordance with the timelines investors may
      anticipate.


      Furthermore, the depositary for the ADSs is entitled to charge holders fees for various services including
      for the issuance of ADSs upon deposit of ordinary shares, the release of ordinary shares upon cancelation
      of ADSs, distributions of cash dividends or other cash distributions, distributions of ADSs pursuant to
      share dividends or other free share distributions, distributions of securities other than ADSs and annual
      service fees. As a result, shareholders who exchange ordinary shares into ADSs, and vice versa, may not
      achieve the level of economic return the shareholders may anticipate.


      We may be classified as a passive foreign investment company, which could
      result in adverse United States federal income tax consequences for U.S.
      Holders of our ADSs or ordinary shares.
      Based on our financial statements and relevant market and shareholder data, we believe that we should
      not be treated as a passive foreign investment company (a “PFIC”) for U.S. federal income tax purposes
      with respect to our prior taxable year. In addition, based on our financial statements and our current
      expectations regarding the value and nature of our assets, the sources and nature of our income, and
      relevant market and shareholder data, we do not anticipate becoming a PFIC for our current taxable year.
      The application of the PFIC rules is subject to ambiguity in several respects and, in addition, we must
      make annual separate determinations each year as to whether we are a PFIC (after the close of each
      taxable year). The determination of whether we are or will become a PFIC will depend in part upon the
      value of our goodwill and other intangible assets (which will depend upon the market prices of our ADSs
      from time to time, which may be volatile). Among other matters, if our market capitalization declines,
      we may be or become a PFIC for the current or future taxable years. It is also possible that the Internal
      Revenue Service may challenge our classification or valuation of our goodwill and other intangible
      assets, which may result in our company being or becoming a PFIC for the current or one or more future
      taxable years. Accordingly, we cannot assure you of our PFIC status for our current taxable year or for
      any future taxable year. If we were treated as a PFIC for any taxable year during which a U.S. Holder held
      an ADS or an ordinary share, certain adverse United States federal income tax consequences could apply
      to the U.S. Holder (as defined herein). For a more detailed discussion of United States federal income
      tax consequences to U.S. Holders, see “Other Information for Shareholders – Taxation – United States
      Federal Income Taxation Consideration – Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules.”




186   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                                     RISK FACTORS



There is uncertainty as to whether Hong Kong stamp duty will apply to the
trading or conversion of our ADSs.
In connection with the public offering of our ordinary shares in Hong Kong in September 2020, or the
Hong Kong IPO, we established a branch register of members in Hong Kong, or the Hong Kong share
register. Our ordinary shares that are traded on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, including those issued in
the Hong Kong IPO and those that may be converted from ADSs, are registered on the Hong Kong share
register, and the trading of these ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange are subject to the
Hong Kong stamp duty. To facilitate ADS-ordinary share conversion and trading between the NASDAQ
Global Select Market and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, we have moved a portion of our issued ordinary
shares from our Cayman share register to our Hong Kong share register.


Under the Hong Kong Stamp Duty Ordinance, any person who effects any sale or purchase of Hong Kong
stock, defined as stock the transfer of which is required to be registered in Hong Kong, is required to
pay Hong Kong stamp duty. The stamp duty is currently set at a total rate of 0.26% of the greater of the
consideration for, or the value of, shares transferred, with 0.13% payable by each of the buyer and the
seller.


To the best of our knowledge, Hong Kong stamp duty has not been levied in practice on the trading or
conversion of ADSs of companies that are listed in both the United States and Hong Kong S.A.R. and
that have maintained all or a portion of their ordinary shares, including ordinary shares underlying
ADSs, in their Hong Kong share registers. However, it is unclear whether, as a matter of Hong Kong law,
the trading or conversion of ADSs of these dual-listed companies constitutes a sale or purchase of the
underlying Hong Kong-registered ordinary shares that is subject to Hong Kong stamp duty. We advise
investors to consult their own tax advisors on this matter. If Hong Kong stamp duty is determined by the
competent authority to apply to the trading or conversion of our ADSs, the trading price and the value of
your investment in our ADSs or ordinary shares may be affected.




                                                                     Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   187
      DEFINITIONS


      CONVENTIONS THAT APPLY TO
      THIS ANNUAL REPORT

      Unless otherwise indicated, all translations from U.S. dollars to RMB in this annual report were made at
      a rate of US$1.00 to RMB6.3726, the exchange rate as set forth in the H.10 statistical release of the U.S.
      Federal Reserve Board on December 30, 2021. No representation is made that the RMB amounts referred
      to herein could have been or could be converted into U.S. dollars at any particular rate or at all. On April 22,
      2022, the exchange rate was US$1.00 to RMB6.5010. Any discrepancies in any table between totals and
      sums of the amounts listed are due to rounding.


      Unless otherwise indicated, in this annual report,


      •      “ADRs ” are to the American depositary receipts that may evidence our ADSs;


      •      “ADSs ” are to our American depositary shares, each representing ten ordinary shares;


      •      “China ” or the “PRC ” are to the People’s Republic of China, excluding, for purposes of this annual
             report, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan;


      •      “Deutsche Hospitality ” or “legacy DH ” refers to Steigenberger Hotels Aktiengesellschaft, a
             company established under the laws of Germany on September 12, 1985, a subsidiary of our
             company, and its subsidiaries;


      •      “EUR ” and “Euro ” refers to the legal currency of European Union;


      •      “HKD ” refers to the legal currency of Hong Kong;


      •      “Hong Kong ” or “HK” refers to the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC;


      •      “Hong Kong Listing Rules ” are to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock
             Exchange of Hong Kong Limited;


      •      “Hong Kong Stock Exchange ” are to The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited;


      •      “leased hotels ” are to leased-and-operated hotels;


      •      “legacy Huazhu ” refers to our company excluding Deutsche Hospitality;


      •      “manachised hotels ” are to franchised-and-managed hotels;


      •      “occupancy rate ” refers to the number of rooms in use divided by the number of available rooms
             for a given period;




188   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                                             DEFINITIONS


•      “RevPAR ” refers to revenue per available room, calculated by room revenue during a period divided
       by the number of available rooms of such hotel during the same period;


•      “ordinary shares ” or “Shares ” are to our ordinary shares, par value US$0.00001 per share;


•      “RMB ” and “Renminbi ” are to the legal currency of China;


•      “US$ ” and “U.S. dollars ” are to the legal currency of the United States; and


•      “We, ” “us, ” “our company, ” “our” and “Huazhu ” are to Huazhu Group Limited, formerly known
       as China Lodging Group, Limited, a Cayman Islands company, and its predecessor entities and
       subsidiaries, in the context of describing our operations and consolidated financial information,
       also include our variable interest entities (“VIEs”) and their subsidiaries.


When calculating the number of cities in China with our hotel network coverage in this annual report, we
include the number of municipalities, cities and counties with at least one hotel under our operation or
under development.


In June 2021, we effected a share split that each issued and unissued ordinary share with a par value
of US$0.0001 was sub-divided into ten ordinary shares with a par value of US$0.00001 each (the “Share
Subdivision”). Concurrent with the Share Subdivision, the ratio of ADS to ordinary share was adjusted
from one (1) ADS representing one (1) ordinary share to one (1) ADS representing ten (10) ordinary shares.
Except otherwise stated, the Share Subdivision has been retrospectively applied for all periods presented
in this annual report.


FORWARD – LOOKING STATEMENTS
This annual report contains forward-looking statements that are made under the “safe harbor”
provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than
statements of historical fact contained in this prospectus, including those regarding our future financial
position, strategies, plans, objectives, goals and targets, future developments in the markets where we
participate or are seeking to participate and any statements preceded by, followed by or that include the
words “aim,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “going forward,” “intend,” “may,” “ought
to,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “seek,” “should,” “will,” “would,” “vision,” “aspire,” “target,”
“schedules,” “goal,” “outlook” and the negative of these words and other similar expressions, as they
relate to us or our management, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such statements
reflect the current views of our management with respect to future events, operations, liquidity and
capital resources, some of which may not materialize or may change. These statements are subject to
certain known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including the risk factors as described
in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and the documents incorporated by
reference therein. You are strongly cautioned that reliance on any forward-looking statements involves
known and unknown risks and uncertainties. The risks and uncertainties facing us which could affect the
accuracy of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the following:


•      our anticipated growth strategies, including developing new hotels at desirable locations in a
       timely and cost-effective manner and launching a new hotel brand;


                                                                          Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   189
      DEFINITIONS


      •      our future business development, results of operations and financial condition;


      •      expected changes in our revenues and certain cost or expense items;


      •      our ability to attract customers and leverage our brand;


      •      trends and competition in the lodging industry;


      •      the status of Sino-U.S relations and related regulatory and legislative developments;


      •      health epidemics, pandemics and similar outbreaks, including COVID-19; and


      •      general economic, business and socio-political conditions globally, including recent Russia-
             Ukraine war.


      By their nature, certain disclosures relating to these and other risks are only estimates and should one or
      more of these uncertainties or risks, among others, materialize, actual results may vary materially from
      those estimated, anticipated or projected, as well as from historical results. Specifically but without
      limitation, sales could decrease, costs could increase, capital costs could increase, capital investment
      could be delayed and anticipated improvements in performance might not be fully realized.


      We would like to caution you not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and
      you should read these statements in conjunction with the risk factors disclosed in “Risk Factors.”
      Other sections of this annual report include additional factors that could adversely affect our business
      and financial performance. Moreover, we operate in an evolving environment. New risk factors and
      uncertainties emerge from time to time and it is not possible for our management to predict all risk
      factors and uncertainties, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to
      which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those
      contained in any forward-looking statements. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these
      cautionary statements.


      You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We undertake no
      obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,
      future events or otherwise.




190   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

To the Shareholders of Huazhu Group Limited
(incorporated in Cayman Islands with limited liability)


OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Huazhu Group Limited (the “Company”) and
its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as “the Group”) set out on pages 197 to 276, which comprise the
consolidated statements of financial position as at December 31, 2021, and the consolidated statements
of comprehensive income, consolidated statements of changes in equity and consolidated statements
of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a
summary of significant accounting policies.


In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated
financial position of the Group as at December 31, 2021, and of its consolidated financial performance
and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America.


BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by
the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those
standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the
HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our
audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in
the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion
thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.




                                                                     Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   191
      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT



      Key audit matter                                       How our audit addressed the key audit matter


      Impairment Assessment of Goodwill and Brand Names Arising from the Acquisition of Deutsche
      Hospitality


      The Company has goodwill and brand names               Our audit procedures related to the discounted
      with indefinite lives arising from the acquisition     cash flow model used in the Company’s impairment
      of Deutsche Hospitality (“legacy DH”) in 2020.         assessment of goodwill and brand name included
      As of December 31, 2021, the carrying values of        the following, among others:
      the goodwill and brand names assigned to the
      legacy DH reporting unit were RMB2,076 million         •   We tested the effectiveness of internal controls
      and RMB3,419 million, respectively. The Company            which address risks of material misstatements
      determines whether the carrying values of such             with respect to management’s impairment
      goodwill and brand names are impaired on an                assessment of Group’s goodwill and brand
      annual basis and more frequently when indicators           names including internal controls related to
      of potential impairment exist. The impairment              significant assumption used in the discounted
      evaluation involves the comparison of the fair value       cash flow model.
      of the legacy DH reporting unit and each brand
      names to their respective carrying value.              •   We tested management’s calculations of
                                                                 discounted cash flows used in the impairment
      The Company determines the estimated fair value            analysis by:
      of the legacy DH reporting unit and each brand
      name assigned to the legacy DH reporting unit              •   Evaluating whether the key assumptions
      using the discounted cash flow methodology under               used in the cash flow projections such as
      income approach. The determination of the fair                 projected hotels’ revenues, growth rates,
      value using the discount cash flow model requires              projected operating cost, royalty saving
      management to make significant estimates and                   rates are reasonable and supportable by
      assumptions related to projected hotels’ revenues,             comparing management’s forecasts with
      growth rates, projected operating cost, royalty                the Company’s historical revenue and
      saving rates and discount rates (collectively the              operating results, Company’s strategic and
      “significant assumptions”). These significant                  operational plans, and forecasts provided
      assumptions used to calculate the fair value of                by industry reports and reports of the
      the reporting unit and brand names change from                 selected companies in its peer group.
      year to year based on forecasted operating results
      and are sensitive to change market conditions and
      consumer demands.




192   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                        INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT



Key audit matter                                         How our audit addressed the key audit matter


Impairment Assessment of Goodwill and Brand Names Arising from the Acquisition of Deutsche
Hospitality


As a result of significant negative impacts on hotel        •   With the assistance of internal fair value
demands due to travel restrictions resulted from                specialists, evaluating the reasonableness
the outbreak COVID-19 pandemic, the Company                     of the discount rates by developing a range
performed impairment analyses on the goodwill                   of independent estimates and comparing
and brand names of the legacy DH reporting unit                 those to the related rates selected by
when indicators of potential impairment existed                 management.
as well as on November 30, 2021 for annual
assessment. The Company concluded through                   •   Evaluating the reasonableness of
such analyses no impairment on goodwill and                     management’s sensitivity analyses of
RMB160 million of impairment on brand names of                  the significant assumptions used in the
DH reporting unit for the year ended December 31,               discounted cash flow model by obtaining
2021.                                                           an understanding of how management
                                                                analyzed the sensitivity of its significant
We identified discounted cash flows used in                     assumptions to change and assessing the
the impairment assessment of goodwill and                       overall impact on the estimate of fair value
brand names of legacy DH as a critical audit                    compared to the carrying value due to the
matter because of the significant estimates                     changes in these significant assumptions.
and assumptions management makes in the
discounted cash flows used to estimate the fair             •   Testing the mathematical accuracy of the
value of the reporting unit and the high sensitivity            calculations within the discounted cash
of legacy DH’s operations to changes in consumer                flow model.
demands. This required a high degree of auditor
judgment and an increased extent of effort,
including the need to involve our internal fair value
specialists, when performing audit procedures to
evaluate the reasonableness of management’s
estimates and assumptions related to the cash
flow forecasts and selection of the discount rates.




                                                                     Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   193
      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT



      OTHER INFORMATION
      The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises
      the information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements
      and our auditor’s report thereon.


      Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
      express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.


      In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the
      other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with
      the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to
      be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material
      misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in
      this regard.


      RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED
      WITH GOVERNANCE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
      STATEMENTS
      The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial
      statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted
      in the United States of America, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to
      enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement,
      whether due to fraud or error.


      In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the
      Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern
      and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group
      or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.


      Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




194   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                    INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT



AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s
report that includes our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of
engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to
any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance,
but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if,
individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions
of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.


As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain
professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:


•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
      whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and
      obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk
      of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from
      error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the
      override of internal control.


•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
      procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
      opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.


•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
      estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.


•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
      and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events
      or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.
      If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s
      report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures
      are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained
      up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group
      to cease to continue as a going concern.




                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   195
      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT


      •       Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
              including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the
              underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.


      •       Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities
              or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial
              statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit.
              We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.


      We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned
      scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in
      internal control that we identify during our audit.


      We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant
      ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other
      matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions
      taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.


      From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that
      were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period
      and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or
      regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we
      determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of
      doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


      The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Mr. Jacky Wong Suk
      Hung.




      Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
      Certified Public Accountants
      Hong Kong
      April 27, 2022




196   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                  CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                                         (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)




                                                                              As of December 31,
                                                                        2020                2021                 2021
                                                                                                         US$’million
                                                                                                              (Note 2)

ASSETS
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents                                            7,026               5,116                  803
  Restricted cash                                                          64                  25                    4
  Short-term investments measured at fair value                        3,903               2,589                  406
  Accounts receivable, net of allowance of RMB41
    and RMB50 as of December 31, 2020 and 2021,
    respectively                                                         404                  521                   82
  Loan receivables – current, net                                        304                  218                   34
  Amounts due from related parties, net                                  178                  149                   23
  Inventories                                                              89                  88                   14
  Other current assets, net                                              914                  847                 133
Total current assets                                                 12,882                9,553                1,499
Property and equipment, net                                            6,682               7,056                1,107
Intangible assets, net                                                 5,945               5,385                  845
Operating lease right-of-use assets                                  28,980               29,942                4,698
Finance lease right-of-use assets                                      2,041               2,235                  351
Land use rights, net                                                     213                  206                   32
Long-term investments                                                  1,923               1,965                  308
Goodwill                                                               4,988               5,132                  805
Amounts due from a related party                                            –                    1                   0
Loan receivables, net                                                    135                   98                   15
Other assets, net                                                        743                  834                 131
Deferred tax assets                                                      623                  862                 136
Total assets                                                         65,155               63,269                9,927

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY
Current liabilities:
  Short-term debt                                                      1,142               6,232                  978
  Accounts payable                                                     1,241                  968                 152
  Amounts due to related parties                                         132                  197                   31
  Salary and welfare payables                                            526                  591                   93
  Deferred revenue                                                     1,272               1,366                  214
  Operating lease liabilities, current                                 3,406               3,628                  569
  Finance lease liabilities, current                                       31                  41                    6
  Accrued expenses and other current liabilities                       2,440               1,838                  288
  Income tax payable                                                     339                  418                   66
Total current liabilities                                            10,529               15,279                2,397




                                                                           Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021          197
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)




                                                                                              As of December 31,
                                                                                        2020                  2021                 2021
                                                                                                                           US$’million
                                                                                                                                (Note 2)

      Long-term debt                                                                  10,856                 3,565                   559
      Operating lease liabilities, non-current                                        27,048               28,012                  4,396
      Finance lease liabilities, non-current                                           2,497                 2,684                   421
      Deferred revenue                                                                    662                  785                   123
      Other long-term liabilities                                                         771                  903                   142
      Retirement benefit obligations                                                      179                  144                     23
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                         1,181                   853                   134
      Total liabilities                                                               53,723               52,225                  8,195

      Commitments and contingencies (Note 21)
      Equity:
          Ordinary shares (US$0.00001 par value per share;
            80,000,000,000 shares authorized; 3,243,644,440
            and 3,255,971,250 shares issued as of
            December 31, 2020 and 2021, and 3,108,425,680
            and 3,120,746,090 shares outstanding as of
            December 31, 2020 and 2021, respectively)1                                       0                     0                    0
          Treasury shares (30,967,640 and 30,974,040 shares
            as of December 31, 2020 and 2021, respectively)                              (107)                (107)                   (17)
          Additional paid-in capital                                                   9,808                 9,964                 1,563
          Retained earnings                                                            1,502                 1,037                   163
          Accumulated other comprehensive income                                          127                    41                     6
      Total Huazhu Group Limited shareholders’ equity                                 11,330               10,935                  1,715
      Noncontrolling interest                                                             102                  109                     17
      Total equity                                                                    11,432               11,044                  1,732
      Total liabilities and equity                                                    65,155               63,269                  9,927


      The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




      1       In June 2021, the Company effected a share split that each issued and unissued ordinary share of the Company with a par
              value of US$0.0001 was sub-divided into 10 ordinary shares with a par value of US$0.00001 each. The ratio of ADS to ordinary
              share was adjusted from one (1) ADS representing one (1) ordinary share to one (1) ADS representing ten (10) ordinary shares.
              Except otherwise stated, the share split has been retrospectively applied for all periods presented.




198   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                  (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)




                                                                                   Years Ended December 31,
                                                                          2019            2020             2021            2021
                                                                                                                    US$’million
                                                                                                                        (Note 2)

Revenues:
  Leased and owned hotels                                                7,718            6,908           8,118           1,274
  Manachised and franchised hotels                                       3,342            3,136           4,404             691
  Others                                                                   152             152              263              41
Total revenues                                                          11,212          10,196           12,785           2,006
Operating costs and expenses:
  Hotel operating costs                                                  7,190            9,729          11,282           1,770
  Other operating costs                                                     57               52              58                9
  Selling and marketing expenses                                           426             597              641             101
  General and administrative expenses                                    1,061            1,259           1,545             242
  Pre-opening expenses                                                     502             288               81              13
Total operating costs and expenses                                       9,236          11,925           13,607           2,135
Goodwill impairment loss                                                     –             437                –               –
Other operating income, net                                                132             480              986             155
Income (loss) from operations                                            2,108           (1,686)            164              26
Interest income                                                            160             119               89              14
Interest expense                                                           315             533              405              64
Other income (expense), net                                                331              (89)            157              25
Unrealized gains (losses) from fair value changes of
  equity securities                                                        316             (265)            (96)             (15)
Foreign exchange (loss) gain                                               (35)            175             (317)             (50)
Income (loss) before income taxes                                        2,565           (2,279)           (408)             (64)
Income tax expense (benefit)                                               640             (215)             12                2
Loss from equity method investments                                       (164)            (140)            (60)              (9)
Net income (loss)                                                        1,761           (2,204)           (480)             (75)
Less: net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest                       (8)            (12)            (15)              (2)
Net income (loss) attributable to Huazhu Group Limited                   1,769           (2,192)           (465)             (73)




                                                                                    Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021          199
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)




                                                                                         Years Ended December 31,
                                                                             2019              2020          2021           2021
                                                                                                                      US$’million
                                                                                                                         (Note 2)

      Other comprehensive income (loss)
      Gain (loss) arising from defined benefit plan, net of tax
        of nil, RMB13, and RMB4 for the year ended 2019, 2020 and
        2021, respectively                                                       –               (27)           13              2
      Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax of
        nil for the year ended 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively                (7)             203            (99)          (16)
      Comprehensive income (loss)                                            1,754            (2,028)         (566)          (89)
      Less: comprehensive loss attributable to the
        noncontrolling interest                                                 (8)              (12)          (15)            (2)
      Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Huazhu
        Group Limited                                                        1,762            (2,016)         (551)          (87)

      Earnings (losses) per share:
        Basic                                                                 0.62             (0.75)        (0.15)         (0.02)
        Diluted                                                               0.59             (0.75)        (0.15)         (0.02)
      Weighted average number of shares used in
        computation:
        Basic                                                       2,843,051,378 2,927,398,409 3,114,124,244 3,114,124,244
        Diluted                                                     3,043,098,899 2,927,398,409 3,114,124,244 3,114,124,244




      The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




200   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                                    Ordinary Shares                Treasury Shares
                                                                                                                                                                                                              Accumulated
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Other
                                                                                                          Issued       Outstanding                                               Additional     Retained    Comprehensive      Noncontrolling
                                                                                                          shares            shares    Amount      Shares         Amount      Paid-in Capital    Earnings     (Loss) Income          Interest     Total Equity
                                          Balance at January 1, 2019                                2,965,978,880    2,830,760,120         0   30,967,640            (107)            3,713        2,610               (42)              145           6,319
                                          Issuance of ordinary shares upon exercise of options
                                            and vesting of restricted stocks                          28,265,970        28,265,970        0            –                –                14            –                 –                  –             14
                                          Share-based compensation                                             –                 –        –            –                –               110            –                 –                  –            110
                                          Net income                                                           –                 –        –            –                –                 –        1,769                 –                 (8)         1,761
                                          Cash dividends approved                                              –                 –        –            –                –                 –         (678)                –                  –           (678)
                                          Dividends paid to noncontrolling interest holders                    –                 –        –            –                –                 –            –                 –                 (5)            (5)
                                          Capital contribution from noncontrolling interest
                                            holders                                                            –                 –        –            –                –                  –           –                  –                22             22
                                          Acquisition of noncontrolling interest                               –                 –        –            –                –                 (3)          –                  –               (36)           (39)
                                          Foreign currency translation adjustments                             –                 –        –            –                –                  –           –                 (7)                –             (7)
                                          Disposal of noncontrolling interest for deconsolidation              –                 –        –            –                –                  –           –                  –                 3              3
                                          Balance at December 31, 2019                             2,994,244,850     2,859,026,090        0    30,967,640            (107)            3,834        3,701               (49)              121           7,500
                                          Cumulative effect of the adoption of ASU 2016-13                     –                 –        –             –               –                 –           (7)                –                 –              (7)
                                          Balance at January 1, 2020                               2,994,244,850     2,859,026,090        0    30,967,640            (107)            3,834        3,694               (49)              121           7,493
                                          Issuance of ordinary shares upon exercise of options
                                            and vesting of restricted stocks                          14,543,070        14,543,070        0            –                –                 2            –                 –                  –              2
                                          Conversion of Convertible Senior Notes due 2022                  2,020             2,020        0            –                –                 0            –                 –                  –              0
                                          Share-based compensation                                             –                 –        –            –                –               122            –                 –                  –            122
                                          Net loss                                                             –                 –        –            –                –                 –       (2,192)                –                (12)        (2,204)
                                          Dividends paid to noncontrolling interest holders                    –                 –        –            –                –                 –            –                 –                 (4)            (4)
                                          Capital contribution from noncontrolling interest
                                            holders                                                            –                 –        –            –                –                 –            –                 –                10              10
                                          Issuance of ordinary shares in Hong Kong public
                                            offering                                                 234,854,500       234,854,500        0            –                –             5,968            –                 –                  –          5,968
                                          Acquisition of noncontrolling interest                               –                 –        –            –                –              (118)           –                 –                (18)          (136)
                                          Foreign currency translation adjustments                             –                 –        –            –                –                 –            –               203                  –            203
                                          Disposal of noncontrolling interest for deconsolidation              –                 –        –            –                –                 –            –                 –                  0              0
                                          Noncontrolling interest recognized in connection with
                                            acquisitions                                                       –                 –        –            –                –                 –            –                 –                 3               3
                                          Noncontrolling interest recognized from partial disposal             –                 –        –            –                –                 –            –                 –                 2               2
                                          Loss arising from defined benefit plan, net of tax                   –                 –        –            –                –                 –            –               (27)                –             (27)
                                          Balance at December 31, 2020                              3,243,644,440    3,108,425,680         0   30,967,640            (107)            9,808        1,502               127               102          11,432
Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                (Renminbi in millions, except share data, unless otherwise stated)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY




201
202



                                                                                                                  Ordinary Shares                  Treasury Shares                                           Accumulated
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Other
                                                                                                        Issued       Outstanding                                                 Additional     Retained    Comprehensive     Noncontrolling
                                                                                                        shares            shares     Amount       Shares         Amount      Paid-in Capital    Earnings     (Loss) Income          Interest    Total Equity

                                          Issuance of ordinary shares upon exercise of options
                                            and vesting of restricted stocks                        12,325,470        12,325,470          0            –               –                  –           –                 –                 –               0
                                          Conversion of Convertible Senior Notes due 2022                1,340             1,340          0            –               –                  0           –                 –                 –               0
                                          Share-based compensation                                           –                 –         –             –               –                109           –                 –                 –             109
                                          Net loss                                                           –                 –         –             –               –                  –         (465)               –                (15)          (480)
                                          Dividends paid to noncontrolling interest holders                  –                 –         –             –               –                  –           –                 –                 (4)             (4)
Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021



                                          Capital contribution from noncontrolling interest
                                            holders                                                          –                 –         –             –               –                  –           –                 –                16              16
                                          Acquisition of noncontrolling interest                             –                 –         –             –               –                  (3)         –                 –                (11)           (14)
                                          Foreign currency translation adjustments                           –                 –         –             –               –                  –           –                (99)               –             (99)
                                          Repurchase of ordinary shares                                      –             (6,400)       (0)        6,400               0                 0           –                 –                 –               0
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                (Renminbi in millions, except share data, unless otherwise stated)




                                          Net settlement on shares repurchased for withholding
                                            taxes related to share-based awards                              –                 –         –             –               –                 50           –                 –                 –              50
                                          Noncontrolling interest recognized in connection with
                                            acquisitions                                                     –                 –         –             –               –                  –           –                 –                21              21
                                          Income arising from defined benefit plan, net of tax               –                 –         –             –               –                  –           –                13                 –              13
                                          Balance at December 31, 2021                            3,255,971,250    3,120,746,090          0    30,974,040            (107)            9,964        1,037               41               109          11,044
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY




                                          The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
                CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                  (Renminbi in millions, unless otherwise stated)



                                                                 Years Ended December 31,
                                                        2019            2020            2021           2021
                                                                                                 US$’million
                                                                                                    (Note 2)
Operating activities:
  Net income (loss)                                    1,761          (2,204)            (480)             (75)
  Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to
    net cash provided by operating activities:
    Share-based compensation                             110             122              109              17
    Depreciation and amortization                        991           1,362            1,503             236
    Amortization of issuance cost of convertible
      senior notes and upfront fee of bank
      borrowings                                           28              83              60                9
    Deferred taxes                                        (38)           (553)           (543)             (85)
    Credit loss                                            21              65             105               16
    Loss (gain) from disposal of property and
      equipment                                           (10)             1              (14)              (2)
    Impairment loss                                        13            709              380               60
    Loss from equity method investments, net of
      dividends                                          213             145               60               9
    Investment loss (income)                            (477)            108               67              11
    Interest accretion for finance lease                   –              27                4               1
    Noncash lease expense                              2,235           2,063            2,306             361
    Changes in operating assets and liabilities,
      net of effect of acquisitions:
      Accounts receivable                                 (34)            35             (113)             (18)
      Inventories                                         (17)             0                2                0
      Amounts due from related parties                     32            (14)              12                2
      Other current assets                                (80)          (147)               6                1
      Other assets                                       (175)           (86)             (64)              (9)
      Accounts payable                                     (1)            31                7                1
      Amounts due to related parties                       17             20               (4)              (1)
      Salary and welfare payables                         (28)           (46)              72               11
      Deferred revenue                                    279            (52)             224               35
      Accrued expenses and other current liabilities      408            445             (439)             (69)
      Operating lease liabilities                      (2,036)        (1,640)          (2,123)            (333)
      Income tax payable                                  (35)            94               83               13
      Other long-term liabilities                         116             41              122               19
Net cash provided by operating activities              3,293             609            1,342             210




                                                                   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021          203
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
      (Renminbi in millions, unless otherwise stated)



                                                                        Years Ended December 31,
                                                               2019           2020        2021           2021
                                                                                                   US$’million
                                                                                                      (Note 2)
      Investing activities:
        Purchases of property and equipment                   (1,527)        (1,745)     (1,658)         (260)
        Purchases of intangibles                                  (5)           (28)        (17)           (3)
        Purchases of land use rights                              (3)            (3)          –             –
        Amount received as a result of government zoning          13              –          33             5
        Acquisitions, net of cash received                      (244)        (5,060)       (742)         (116)
        Proceeds from disposal of subsidiary and branch,
          net of cash disposed                                     2              4           3             1
        Purchases of short term and long term investments       (328)        (1,702)       (521)          (82)
        Proceeds from maturity/sale and return of
          investments                                          2,002           396        1,494           235
        Payment for shareholder loan to equity investees         (87)          (15)          (5)           (1)
        Collection of shareholder loan from equity
          investees                                               88            15           25             4
        Payment for the origination of loan receivables         (454)         (130)        (176)          (27)
        Proceeds from collection of loan receivables             258           167          162            25
      Net cash used in investing activities                     (285)        (8,101)     (1,402)         (219)
      Financing activities:
        Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares in Hong
          Kong public offering                                     –         6,018            –              –
        Payment of ordinary share issuance costs                   –           (32)         (19)            (3)
        Net settlement on shares repurchased for
          withholding taxes related to share-based awards          –              –          50             7
        Net proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares
          upon exercise of options                                14              1           1             0
        Payment of share repurchase                                –              –          (0)           (0)
        Proceeds from short-term bank borrowings               2,214          1,658       2,288           359
        Repayment of short-term bank borrowings               (1,902)        (1,993)     (2,474)         (389)
        Proceeds from long-term bank borrowings               13,176          1,652          53             8
        Repayment of long-term bank borrowings                (6,760)        (9,163)     (1,650)         (259)
        Funds advanced from noncontrolling interest
          holders                                                  2            14            4             1
        Repayment of funds advanced from noncontrolling
          interest holders                                       (19)            (9)         (1)            (0)
        Acquisitions of noncontrolling interest                  (39)           (98)        (29)            (4)
        Contribution from noncontrolling interest holders         22             10          16              3
        Proceeds from long-term finance liabilities (failed
          sale and leaseback “failed SLB”)                         –            83           38             6
        Repayment of long-term finance liabilities (failed
          SLB)                                                     –           (42)         (46)            (7)
        Dividends paid to noncontrolling interest holders         (5)           (4)          (4)            (1)
        Dividends paid                                          (658)         (678)           –              –
        Repayment of convertible senior notes                      –             –           (0)            (0)
        Proceeds from issuance of convertible senior notes         –         3,499            –              –
        Direct financing costs paid                                –           (10)           –              –
        Principal payments of finance lease                        –           (23)         (28)            (4)




204   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                          CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                   (Renminbi in millions, unless otherwise stated)



                                                                  Years Ended December 31,
                                                          2019           2020            2021           2021
                                                                                                  US$’million
                                                                                                     (Note 2)
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities       6,045           883           (1,801)            (283)
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash
  equivalents, and restricted cash                          62            (300)            (88)             (14)
Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents
  and restricted cash                                     9,115        (6,909)          (1,949)            (306)
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at the
  beginning of the year                                   4,884        13,999            7,090           1,113
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at the end
  of the year                                            13,999         7,090            5,141             807
Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
  Cash and cash equivalents                               3,234         7,026            5,116             803
  Restricted cash                                        10,765             64              25                4
Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
  shown in the statements of cash flows                  13,999         7,090            5,141             807
Interest paid, net of amounts capitalized                  414            476              297               47
Income taxes paid                                          712            238              477               75
Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement
  of operating lease liabilities                          2,905         3,309            3,770             592
Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement
  of finance lease liabilities                               –              63              92               14
Non-cash right-of-use assets obtained in exchange
  for operating lease liabilities                         4,176         1,422            2,565             403
Non-cash right-of-use assets obtained in exchange
  for finance lease liabilities                              –            270              501               79
Non-cash right-of-use assets obtained in acquisition
  for operating lease                                       22          8,645            1,710             268
Non-cash right-of-use assets obtained in acquisition
  for finance lease                                          –          1,794                 –               –
Non-cash lease liabilities obtained in acquisition for
  operating lease                                            –          8,849            1,692             266
Non-cash lease liabilities obtained in acquisition for
  finance lease                                              –          2,187                 –               –
Supplemental schedule of non-cash investing and
  financing activities:
Purchases of property and equipment included in
  payables                                                 963            736              486               76
Consideration payable for business acquisition              16              –               86               13
Purchase of intangible assets included in payables           3              5                2                0
Reimbursement of government zoning included in
  receivables                                                –               2                –               –
Cash dividends declared in payables                        678               –                –               –



The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                    Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021          205
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      1. ORGANIZATION AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
              Huazhu Group Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands under the laws of
              the Cayman Islands on January 4, 2007. The principal business activities of the Company and its
              subsidiaries and consolidated variable interest entities (the “Group”) are to develop leased and
              owned, manachised and franchised hotels mainly in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”).


              On January 2, 2020, the Group completed the acquisition of 100% equity interest of Steigenberger
              Hotels Aktiengesellschaft Germany (“Deutsche Hospitality” or “DH”). Deutsche Hospitality was
              engaged in the business of leasing, franchising, operating and managing hotels under five brands
              in the midscale and upscale market in Europe, the Middle East and Africa. After the acquisition,
              “legacy DH” refers to Deutsche Hospitality and its subsidiaries and “legacy Huazhu” refers to the
              Group excluding Deutsche Hospitality.


              The Group completed public offering in Hong Kong in September 2020 with proceeds of RMB6,018
              and the trading of ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange commenced on September
              22, 2020 under the stock code “1179”.


              In June 2021, the Company effected a share split that each issued and unissued ordinary share
              of the Company with a par value of US$0.0001 was sub-divided into 10 ordinary shares with a
              par value of US$0.00001 each. The ratio of ADS to ordinary share was adjusted from one (1) ADS
              representing one (1) ordinary share to one (1) ADS representing ten (10) ordinary shares. Except
              otherwise stated, the share split has been retrospectively applied for all periods presented.


              LEASED AND OWNED HOTELS
              The Group leases hotel properties from property owners or purchases properties directly and is
              responsible for all aspects of hotel operations and management, including hiring, training and
              supervising the managers and employees required to operate the hotels. In addition, the Group is
              responsible for hotel development and customization to conform to the standards of the Group
              brands at the beginning of the lease or the construction, as well as repairs and maintenance,
              operating expenses and management of properties over the term of the lease or the land and
              building certificate.


              As of December 31, 2020 and 2021, the Group had 753 and 738 leased and owned hotels in
              operation, respectively.




206   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                    CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                       FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
                                   (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


1. ORGANIZATION AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES (Continued)
   MANACHISED AND FRANCHISED HOTELS
   Typically the Group enters into certain franchise and management arrangements with franchisees
   for which the Group is responsible for providing branding, quality assurance, training, reservation,
   hiring and appointing of the hotel general manager and various other support services relating
   to the hotel renovation and operation. Those hotels are classified as manachised hotels. Under
   typical franchise and management agreements, the franchisee is required to pay an initial
   franchise fee and ongoing franchise and management service fees, the majority of which are
   equal to a certain percentage of the revenues of the hotel. The franchisee is responsible for the
   costs of hotel development, renovation and the costs of its operations. The term of the franchise
   and management agreements are typically eight to ten years for legacy Huazhu and 15 to 20
   years for manachised hotels and 10 to 15 years for franchised hotels under legacy DH and are
   renewable upon mutual agreement between the Group and the franchisee. The Group also has
   some franchised hotels in which cases the Group does not provide a hotel general manager. As of
   December 31, 2020 and 2021, the Group had 5,746 and 6,824 manachised hotels in operation and
   290 and 268 franchised hotels in operation, respectively.


2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
   BASIS OF PRESENTATION
   The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with the
   accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”).


   The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the
   Group will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the
   satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The realization of assets and the
   satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business are dependent on, among other things,
   the Group’s ability to generate cash flows from operations, and the Group’s ability to arrange
   adequate financing arrangements, to support its working capital requirements.

   The Group’s businesses have been significantly impacted by the global outbreak of COVID-19
   and as a result, incurred net losses during the year ended December 31, 2020 and 2021. As
   of December 31, 2021, the Group’s total current liabilities exceeded its total current assets
   by RMB5,726 (US$898 million), which mainly attributed to the scheduled repayments of the
   Group’s Convertible Senior Notes of US$475 million (RMB3,027) due in November 2022, and the
   outstanding bank borrowing of EUR338 million (RMB2,440) under its long-term back credit facility
   of EUR440 million (RMB3,177) due in December 2022. These conditions may raise substantial
   doubt about the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that
   the financial statements are issued. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that
   might be necessary if the Group is unable to continue as a going concern.




                                                                     Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021          207
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         (Continued)
              BASIS OF PRESENTATION (Continued)
              However, the management has evaluated the significance of the conditions and regards the going
              concern assumption as appropriate based on the following considerations:


              •       The Group generated positive cash flow from operations for several consecutive years with
                      a net operating cash inflow of RMB1,342 for the year ended December 31, 2021;


              •       The Group has performed a review of its cash flow forecasts for the twelve month period
                      after the date that the financial statements are issued and believes that its operating cash
                      flow will be positive.


              Management believes the relevant conditions that raise substantial doubt on going concern are
              mitigated by the following plans and actions:


              •       The Group has the ability to sell its short-term investments that can be readily convertible
                      into cash, the fair value of which was approximately RMB2,589 as of December 31, 2021;


              •       As of March 31, 2022, the Group had unused bank credit facilities of approximately
                      RMB2,994. Based on the Group’s historical experience, requests for drawdowns will
                      be approved by the banks provided that the Group submits the required supporting
                      documentation and the amount is within the credit limit granted;


              In addition, the Group is in the process to obtain long term credit facilities from commercial banks.
              While final approval has not been obtained, management of the Group believe it is likely such
              credit facilities can be obtained to replace its existing long-term bank credit facility of EUR440
              million (RMB3,177) due in December 2022. Based on the above factors, management believes that
              adequate sources of liquidity exist to fund the Group’s working capital and capital expenditures
              requirements, and to meet its other liabilities and commitments as they become due for at least
              twelve months from the issuance of these consolidated financial statements.


              BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION
              The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company,
              its majority-owned subsidiaries and consolidated variable interest entities (the “VIEs”). All
              intercompany transactions and balances are eliminated on consolidation.




208   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                         FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
                                     (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
   (Continued)
   VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES
   The Group evaluates the need to consolidate certain variable interest entities in which equity
   investors do not have the characteristics of a controlling financial interest or do not have sufficient
   equity at risk for the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial
   support.


   The Company is deemed as the primary beneficiary of and consolidates variable interest entities
   when the Company has the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the
   economic success of the entities and effectively assumes the obligation to absorb losses and has
   the rights to receive benefits that are potentially significant to the entities.


   As of December 31, 2020 and 2021, the Group consolidated eight and seven entities under VIE
   model, and the impact of the consolidated VIEs are immaterial to the Group’s consolidated
   financial statements.


   The Group evaluates its business activities and arrangements with the entities that operate
   the manachised and franchised hotels and the funds that it serves as general partner or fund
   manager to identify potential variable interest entities. Generally, these entities that operate
   the manachised and franchised hotels qualify for the business scope exception, therefore
   consolidation is not appropriate under the variable interest entity consolidation guidance. For the
   disclosure of significant non-consolidated variable interest entities, see Note 7 Investments.


   USE OF ESTIMATES
   The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to
   make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities,
   disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the
   reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ
   from those estimates. The Group bases its estimates on historical experience and various other
   factors believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for
   making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
   from other sources. Significant accounting estimates reflected in the Group’s consolidated
   financial statements include the useful lives and impairment of property and equipment, right-of-
   use assets and intangible assets with definite lives, valuation allowance of deferred tax assets,
   purchase price allocation, impairment of investment, goodwill and intangible assets without
   definite lives and incremental borrowing rate used to measure lease liabilities.


   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
   Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand and demand deposits, which are unrestricted
   as to withdrawal and use, and which have original maturities of three months or less when
   purchased.




                                                                       Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021          209
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         (Continued)
              RESTRICTED CASH
              Restricted cash mainly represents deposits used as security against borrowings, deposits
              restricted due to contract disputes or lawsuit and cash restricted for special purposes.


              INVESTMENTS
              Investments represent equity-method investments, equity investments with readily determinable
              fair values, equity investments without readily determinable fair values and available-for-sale
              debt securities.


              The Group accounts for equity investment in entities with significant influence under equity-
              method accounting. Under this method, the Group’s pro rata share of income (loss) from
              investment is recognized in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. Dividends
              received reduce the carrying amount of the investment. When the Group’s share of loss in an
              equity-method investee equals or exceeds its carrying value of the investment in that entity, the
              Group continues to report its share of equity method losses in the statements of comprehensive
              income to the extent and as an adjustment to the carrying amount of its other investments in
              the investee. Equity-method investment is reviewed for impairment by assessing if the decline in
              market value of the investment below the carrying value is other-than-temporary. In making this
              determination, factors are evaluated in determining whether a loss in value should be recognized.
              These include consideration of the intent and ability of the Group to hold investment and the
              ability of the investee to sustain an earnings capacity, justifying the carrying amount of the
              investment. Impairment losses are recognized in other expense when a decline in value is deemed
              to be other-than-temporary.


              Investments in equity securities that have readily determinable fair values (except those
              accounted for under the equity method of accounting or those that result in consolidation of the
              investee) are measured at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses from fair value changes
              recognized in net income in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income.


              Investments in equity securities without readily determinable fair values are measured at cost
              minus impairment adjusted by observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical
              or a similar investment of the same issuer. These investments are measured at fair value on a
              nonrecurring basis when there are events or changes in circumstances that may have a significant
              adverse effect. An impairment loss is recognized in the consolidated statements of comprehensive
              income equal to the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the investment.




210   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                         FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
                                     (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
   (continued)
   INVESTMENTS (continued)
   Debt securities that the company has no intent to hold till maturity or may sell the security
   in response to the changes in economic conditions are classified as available-for-sale debt
   securities. Available-for-sale debt securities are reported at fair value, with unrealized gains
   and losses (other than impairment losses) recognized in accumulated other comprehensive
   income or loss. Realized gains and losses on debt securities are recognized in the net income
   in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. Before the adoption of Accounting
   Standards Update (“ASU”) 2016-13 (codified as ASC 326), Measurement of Credit Losses
   on Financial Instruments, the amount of the total impairment related to the credit loss was
   recognized in the income statement and the amount related to all other factors is recognized in
   other comprehensive income, net of applicable taxes, and the impairment losses recognized in
   the income statement cannot be reversed for any future recoveries. After the adoption of ASC 326
   on January 1, 2020, credit-related impairment is measured as the difference between the debt
   security’s amortized cost basis and the present value of expected cash flows and is recognized as
   an allowance on the balance sheet with a corresponding adjustment to earnings. The allowance
   should not exceed the amount by which the amortized cost basis exceeds fair value.


   As a result of the impairment analysis, the Group recorded an impairment of RMB10, RMB92 and
   RMB63 in 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively.


   ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE, LOAN RECEIVABLES AND OTHER FINANCIAL
   ASSETS
   Accounts receivable, net
   Accounts receivable mainly consist of franchise fee receivables, amounts due from corporate
   customers, travel agents, hotel guests and credit card receivables, which are recognized and
   carried at the original invoice or accrued amount less an allowance for credit losses. Before
   the year 2020, the Group established an allowance for doubtful accounts primarily based on
   the aging of the receivables and factors surrounding the credit risk of specific customers.
   After the adoption of ASC 326 Financial instruments- credit losses on January 1, 2020, the
   accounts receivable balance reflects invoiced and accrued revenue and is presented net of an
   allowance for credit losses. The Group establishes current expected credit losses (“CECL”) for
   pools of assets with similar risk characteristics by evaluating historical levels of credit losses,
   current economic conditions that may affect a customer’s ability to pay, and creditworthiness
   of significant customers. When specific customers are identified as no longer sharing the same
   risk profile as their current pool, they are removed from the pool and evaluated separately. The
   Group mainly focuses on historical collection experience and considers aging or specific customer
   circumstance.


   Additionally, the Group records an allowance on other forms of financial assets, including other
   current assets, other assets and amounts due from related parties with the similar approach of
   accounts receivable.



                                                                       Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021          211
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         (continued)
              ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE, LOAN RECEIVABLES AND OTHER FINANCIAL
              ASSETS (continued)
              Loan receivables, net
              The Group entered into entrusted loan agreements with certain franchisees with the typical terms
              to be two to three years and annual interest rates ranging from 8.0% to 8.5%, and with other un-
              related third-parties with the annual interest rates mostly ranging from 4.8% to 15.0%. Loan
              receivables are measured at amortized cost with interest accrued based on the contract rate.
              The Group classified loan receivables as long-term or short-term investments according to their
              contractual maturity or expected holding time. Before the year of 2020, the Group evaluates the
              credit risk associated with the loans, and estimates the cash flow expected to be collected over
              the life of loans on an individual basis based on the Group’s past experiences, the borrowers’
              financial position, their financial performance and their ability to continue to generate sufficient
              cash flows. A credit allowance will be established for the loans unable to collect. The Group
              adopted ASC 326 on January 1, 2020 utilizing the modified retrospective approach. After the
              adoption of ASC 326, the Group estimates the CECL based on the expectation of future economic
              conditions, historical collection experience and a loss-rate approach whereby the allowance is
              calculated using the probability of default and recovery rates and multiplying it by the asset’s
              amortized cost at the balance sheet date.


              INVENTORIES
              Inventories mainly consist of small appliances, bedding and daily consumables, operating
              supplies, food and beverage inventory items. Small appliances and bedding for new hotels opened
              are stated at cost, less accumulated amortization, and are amortized over their estimated useful
              lives, generally one year, from the time they are put into use. Daily consumables and beddings
              replacement are expensed when used.




212   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                       CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                        FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
                                    (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
   (continued)
   PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET
   Property and equipment, net are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. The renovations,
   betterments and interest cost incurred during construction are capitalized. Depreciation of
   property and equipment is provided using the straight line method over their expected useful lives.
   The expected useful lives are as follows:


   Leasehold improvements                      Shorter of the lease term or their estimated useful lives
   Buildings                                   20-40 years
   Furniture, fixtures and equipment           1-20 years
   Motor vehicles                              5 years

   Construction in progress represents leasehold improvements and property under construction
   or being installed and is stated at cost. Cost comprises original cost of property and equipment,
   installation, construction and other direct costs. Construction in progress is transferred to
   leasehold improvements and depreciation commences when the asset is ready for its intended
   use.


   Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. Gain or loss on disposal of
   property and equipment, if any, is recognized in the consolidated statements of comprehensive
   income as the difference between the net sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the
   underlying asset.


   INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET
   Intangible assets consist primarily of brand name, master brand agreement, non-compete
   agreements, franchise or manachise agreements and purchased software. Intangible assets
   acquired through business combinations are recognized as assets separate from goodwill if they
   satisfy either the “contractual-legal” or “separability” criterion. Intangible assets, including brand
   name, master brand agreement, non-compete agreements, franchise or manachise agreements,
   favorable lease agreements and other intangible assets acquired from business combination are
   recognized and measured at fair value upon acquisition.




                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021          213
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         (continued)
              INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET (continued)
              Non-compete agreements and franchise or manachise agreements are amortized over the
              expected useful life and remaining franchise contract terms, respectively. Purchased software is
              stated at cost less accumulated amortization.


              The favorable lease agreements in which the Group acts as a lessor were accounted as intangible
              assets as before, which are amortized over remaining operating lease terms.


              Intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortized using the straight-line method over their
              respective estimated useful lives over which the assets are expected to contribute directly or
              indirectly to the future cash flows of the Group. These estimated useful lives are generally as
              follows:


              Franchise or manachise agreements                          Remaining contract terms from 10 to 20 years
              Non-compete agreements                                     2–10 years based on specified non-compete
                                                                            period
              Purchased software                                         3–10 years based on the estimated usage period
              Other intangible assets including trademark,               2–15 years based on the contractual term, the
                licenses and other rights                                   length of license agreements and the effective
                                                                            terms of other legal rights

              Almost all the brand names acquired by the Group are considered to have indefinite useful lives
              since there are no legal, regulatory, contractual, competitive, economic or other factors that limit
              the useful lives of these brands and these brands can be renewed at nominal cost. Master brand
              agreement, acquired in Accor acquisition, granted the Group certain franchise rights with initial
              term of 70 years, and can be renewed without substantial obstacles. As a result, the useful life is
              determined to be indefinite. The Group evaluates the brand name and master brand agreement
              each reporting period to determine whether events and circumstances continue to support an
              indefinite useful life. Impairment is tested annually or more frequently if events or changes
              in circumstances indicate that it might be impaired. The Group measures the impairment by
              comparing the fair value of brand names and master brand agreement with its carrying amount.
              If the carrying amount of brand names and master brand agreement exceeds its fair value, an
              impairment loss shall be recognized in an amount equal to that excess. The Group measures the
              fair value of the brand names under the relief-from-royalty method, the master brand agreement
              under the multi-period excess earnings method. The determination of the fair value requires
              management to make significant estimates and assumptions related to forecasts of future
              revenues, operating margin, royalty saving rate and discount rates to estimate the net present
              value of future cash flows.




214   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                          FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
                                      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
   (continued)
   INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET (continued)
   Management performs its annual brand names and master brand agreement impairment test on
   November 30 and when triggering events occurred. As of December 31, 2020 and 2021, the estimated
   fair value of the indefinite-lives intangible assets of legacy Huazhu significantly exceeded of its
   carrying value. Therefore, there was no impairment loss recognized for the years ended December 31,
   2019, 2020 and 2021. For its indefinite-lives intangible assets of legacy DH, there were 3 brand names
   acquired in DH acquisition. The estimated fair value of one brand name was lower than its carrying
   amount, and an impairment of RMB160 was recognized, which reduced the carrying value by 6%. A
   5% increase in the discount rate or decrease in royalty saving rate could result in further impairment
   charges of approximately RMB160 and RMB120, respectively. In addition, the estimated fair value of
   the other two brand names acquired in DH acquisition exceeded its carrying value by approximately
   RMB82 and RMB57, which accounted for 13% and 14% of its carrying value, respectively. A 5%
   increase in the discount rate or decrease in royalty saving rate could reduce the fair value of these two
   brand names by RMB48 and RMB33, or RMB36 and RMB23, respectively.


   LAND USE RIGHTS
   The land use rights represent the operating lease prepayments for the rights to use the land in the
   PRC under ASC 842, which are amortized on a straight-line basis over the remaining term of the
   land certificates, between 30 to 50 years. Amortization expense of land use rights for the years
   ended December 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021 amounted to RMB8, RMB7 and RMB7, respectively.


   IMPAIRMENT OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS
   The Group evaluates its long-lived assets including property and equipment, net, right-of-use
   assets and finite lived intangibles for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
   indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. When these events occur,
   the Group measures impairment by comparing the carrying amount of the assets to future
   undiscounted net cash flows expected to result from the use of the assets and their eventual
   disposition. If the sum of the expected undiscounted cash flows is less than the carrying amount
   of the assets, the Group recognizes an impairment loss equal to the difference between the
   carrying amount and fair value of these assets.


   The Group performed a recoverability test of its long-lived assets associated with certain hotels
   due to the continued underperformance relative to the projected operating results, of which the
   carrying amount of the long-lived assets exceeded the future undiscounted net cash flows, and
   recognized an impairment loss of RMB3, RMB180 and RMB157 during the years ended December
   31, 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively.




                                                                        Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021          215
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         (continued)
              IMPAIRMENT OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS (continued)
              Fair value of the long-lived assets was determined by the Group based on the income approach
              using the discounted cash flow associated with the underlying assets, which incorporated certain
              assumptions including projected hotels’ revenue, growth rates and projected operating costs
              based on current economic condition, expectation of management and projected trends of current
              operating results.


              GOODWILL
              Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition over the fair value of the identifiable
              assets less liabilities acquired.


              Goodwill is tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in
              circumstances indicate that it might be impaired. Before the adoption of ASU No. 2017-04,
              Intangibles-Goodwill and Other, the Group performed a two-step goodwill impairment test. The
              first step compares the fair values of each reporting unit to its carrying amount, including goodwill.
              A reporting unit is identified as an operating segment or one level below an operating segment
              (also known as a component) for which discrete financial information is available and is regularly
              reviewed by segment manager. Before the acquisition of Deutsche Hospitality, all the acquired
              business has been migrated to the Group’s business, and the Group’s management regularly
              reviews operation data including industrial metrics of revenue per available room, occupancy rate,
              and number of hotels by scale/brand, rather than discrete financial information for the purpose
              of performance evaluation and resource allocation at brand level. The Group concluded that it
              had only one reporting unit, and therefore the goodwill impairment testing was performed on
              consolidation level. If the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, goodwill is not
              considered to be impaired and the second step will not be required. If the carrying amount of a
              reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the second step compares the implied fair value of goodwill
              to the carrying value of a reporting unit’s goodwill. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined
              in a manner similar to accounting for a business combination with the allocation of the assessed
              fair value determined in the first step to the assets and liabilities of the reporting unit. The excess
              of the fair value of the reporting unit over the amounts assigned to the assets and liabilities
              is the implied fair value of goodwill. This allocation process is only performed for purposes of
              evaluating goodwill impairment and does not result in an entry to adjust the value of any assets
              or liabilities. The Group adopted ASU No. 2017-04, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other on January 1,
              2020, which requires a one-step impairment test in which an entity compares the fair value of a
              reporting unit with its carrying amount and recognizes an impairment charge for the amount by
              which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit’s fair value, if any. Upon the acquisition of
              Deutsche Hospitality, the Group concludes there are two reporting units, which are legacy Huazhu
              and legacy DH since the segment manager regularly reviews discrete financial information for
              legacy Huazhu and legacy DH separately. The goodwill impairment testing was performed at each
              reporting unit level. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment
              amounts to that excess should be recognized in the statement of comprehensive income.




216   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                    CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                       FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
                                   (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
   (continued)
   GOODWILL (continued)
   Fair value of the equity value was determined by the Group based on the income approach using
   the discounted cash flow associated with the underlying assets, which incorporated certain
   assumptions including projected hotels’ revenue, growth rates and projected operating costs
   based on current economic condition, expectation of management and projected trends of current
   operating results.


   Management performs its annual goodwill impairment test on November 30 and when triggering
   events occurred. The Group recorded an impairment of nil, RMB437 and nil for the years ended
   December 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021. The Group considered assumptions based on the current
   economic environment in its annual impairment assessment, including the inherent risk and
   uncertainty due to the stay-in-place measures enacted, consumer confidence levels, and the
   ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the hospitality industry. Based on the analysis,
   the Group concluded that the goodwill of legacy Huazhu was not impaired for the years ended
   December 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021 as the estimated fair value of the reporting unit of legacy
   Huazhu far exceeded its carrying value as of the end of each year. For the goodwill of legacy DH,
   the Group performed impairment test and recorded an impairment of RMB437 during the year of
   2020. The estimated fair value of the reporting unit of legacy DH exceeded its carrying value, as
   such no impairment charges were recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021.


   As of December 31, 2020 and 2021, the estimated fair value of the reporting unit of legacy Huazhu
   exceeded over 100% of its carrying value. As of December 31, 2020 and 2021, the estimated fair
   value of the reporting unit of legacy DH exceeded its carrying value by approximately RMB244 and
   RMB421, which accounted for 6% and 13% of its carrying value. A 5% decline in the underlying
   projected cash flow or increase in the discount rate could have resulted in goodwill impairment
   charges of approximately RMB42 and RMB175 in 2020. A 5% decline in the underlying projected
   cash flows or increase in the discount rate could have reduced the fair value of approximately
   RMB313 and RMB359 in 2021.

   REVENUE RECOGNITION
   Revenue are primarily derived from products and services in leased and owned hotels, contracts
   of manachised and franchised hotels with third-party franchisees as well as activities other than
   the operation of hotel businesses.


   Leased and owned hotel revenues
   Leased and owned hotel revenues are primarily derived from the rental of rooms, food and
   beverage sales and other ancillary goods and services, including but not limited to souvenir,
   laundry, parking and conference reservation. Each of these products and services represents an
   individual performance obligation and, in exchange for these services, the Group receives fixed
   amounts based on published rates or negotiated contracts. Payment is due in full at the time
   when the services are rendered or the goods are provided. Room rental revenue is recognized on
   a daily basis when rooms are occupied. Food and beverage revenue and other goods and services
   revenue are recognized when they have been delivered or rendered to the guests as the respective
   performance obligations are satisfied.

                                                                     Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021          217
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         (continued)
              REVENUE RECOGNITION (continued)
              Manachised and franchised hotel revenues
              The manachise and franchise agreement contains the following promised services:


              •       Intellectual Property (“IP”) license grant the right to access the Group’s hotel system IP,
                      including brand names.


              •       Pre-opening services include providing services (e.g., install IT information system and
                      provide access to purchase platform, help to obtain operational qualification, and help to
                      recruit and train employees) to the franchisees to assist in preparing for the hotel opening.


              •       System maintenance services include providing standardization hotel property
                      management system (“PMS”), central reservation system (“CRS”) and other internet related
                      services.


              •       Hotel management services include providing day-to-day management services of the
                      hotels for the franchisees.


              The promises to provide pre-opening services and system maintenance services are not distinct
              performance obligation because they are attendant to the license of IP. Therefore, the promises
              to provide pre-opening services and system maintenance services are combined with the license
              of IP to form a single performance obligation. Hotel management services forms a single distinct
              performance obligation.


              Manachised and franchised hotel revenues are derived from franchise or manachise agreements
              where the franchisees are primarily required to pay (i) an initial one-time franchise fee, and (ii)
              continuing franchise fees, which mainly consist of (a) on-going management and franchise service
              fees, (b) central reservation system usage fees, system maintenance and support fees and (c)
              reimbursements for hotel manager fees.


              Initial one-time franchise fee , is typically fixed and collected upfront and recognized as revenue
              over the term of the franchise contract. The Group does not consider this advance consideration
              to include a significant financing component, since it is used to protect the Group from the
              franchisees failing to adequately complete some or all of its obligations under the contract.


              On-going management and franchise service fees are generally calculated as a certain percentage
              of the room revenues of the franchised hotel. Generally, management and franchise service fees
              are due and payable on a monthly basis as services are provided and revenue is recognized over
              time as services are rendered.




218   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                    CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                       FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
                                   (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
   (continued)
   REVENUE RECOGNITION (continued)
   Manachised and franchised hotel revenues (continued)
  Central reservation system usage fees, other system maintenance and support fees are typically
  billed and collected monthly along with base management and franchise fees, and revenue is
  generally recognized as services are provided.

  Reimbursements for hotel manager fees , which cover the manachised hotel managers’ payroll,
  social welfare benefits and certain other out-of-pocket expenses that the Group incurs on behalf
  of the manachised hotels. The reimbursements are recognized over time within revenues for the
  reimbursement of costs incurred on behalf of manachised hotels.

   Above policies are only applicable to legacy Huazhu. For manachised hotels under Deutsche
   Hospitality, the franchisees have historically been required to pay Deutsche Hospitality an on-
   going management fees consisting of a base fee as a percentage of the hotel’s gross revenues and
   an incentive fee as a percentage of the hotel’s gross adjusted profit. For franchised hotels under
   Deutsche Hospitality, the franchisees have historically been required to pay Deutsche Hospitality
   a license fee, a franchise fee and a central service fee. The manachised and franchised hotel
   revenues of Deutsche Hospitality are recognized over time as services are rendered. The Group is
   gradually conforming the terms of Deutsche Hospitality’s franchise and management agreements
   to those of hotels under legacy Huazhu.

   Since the COVID-19 outbreak in January 2020, the Group has offered one-time reduction on
   continuing franchise fees of approximately RMB132 and RMB105 for 2020 and 2021 to help
   franchisees meet their short-term working capital needs. There is no change to the scope of
   services or other terms of the agreements. Previously recognized revenue on the original contract
   was not adjusted.

   Other Revenues
  Other revenues are derived from activities other than the operation of hotel businesses, which
  mainly include revenues from the provision of IT products and services and Hua Zhu mall.
  Revenues from Hua Zhu mall are commissions charged from suppliers for goods sold through
  the platform and are recognized upon delivery of goods to end customers when its suppliers’
  obligation is fulfilled. Revenues from IT products are recognized when goods are delivered and
  revenues from IT services are recognized when services are rendered.

   LOYALTY PROGRAM
   Under the loyalty program the Group administers, members earn loyalty points that can be
   redeemed for future products and services. Points earned by loyalty program members represent
   a material right to free or discounted goods or services in the future. The loyalty program has
   one performance obligation that consists of marketing and managing the program and arranging
   for award redemptions by members. The Group is responsible for arranging for the redemption
   of points, but the Group does not directly fulfill the redemption obligation except at leased and
   owned hotels. Therefore, the Group is the agent with respect to this performance obligation for
   manachised and franchised hotels, and is the principal with respect to leased and owned hotels.



                                                                     Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021          219
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         (continued)
              LOYALTY PROGRAM (continued)
              For leased and owned hotels, a portion of the leased and owned revenues is deferred until a
              member redeems points. The amount of revenue the Group recognize upon point redemption is
              impacted by the estimate of the “breakage” for points that members will never redeem in the
              Group’s owned and leased hotels.


              For manachised and franchised hotels, the portion of revenue deferred by manachised and
              franchised hotels are collected by the Group which will be refunded upon redemption of points
              at manachised and franchised hotels. The estimated breakage for points earned in manachised
              and franchised hotels are recognized as manachised and franchised revenue for each period. The
              Group estimates breakage based on the Group’s historical experience and expectations of future
              member behavior and will true up the estimated breakage at end of each period.


              Above policies are only applicable to legacy Huazhu. The loyalty program initiated by Deutsche
              Hospitality has substantially the same rights, nature and redeemable approaches as legacy
              Huazhu, therefore the accounting treatment is the same. As of December 31, 2021, the contract
              liabilities related to Deutsche Hospitality were immaterial and the loyalty program of Deutsche
              Hospitality was in the progress of being migrated to that of legacy Huazhu.


              Membership fees from the Group’s customer loyalty program are all from legacy Huazhu, which
              are earned and recognized on a straight-line basis over the expected membership duration of the
              different membership levels and also applicable to legacy Huazhu only. Such duration is estimated
              based on the Group’s and management’s experience and is adjusted on a periodic basis to reflect
              changes in membership retention. The membership duration is estimated to be two to five years
              which reflects the expected membership retention. Revenues recognized from membership fees
              were RMB224, RMB223 and RMB243 for the years ended December 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021,
              respectively, which amount were included in revenues from leased and owned hotel or revenues
              from manachised and franchised hotels depending on the type of hotels the membership was sold
              at.


              CONTRACT BALANCES
              The Group’s payments from customers are based on the billing terms established in contracts.
              Customer billings are classified as accounts receivable when the Group’s right to consideration
              is unconditional. If the right to consideration is conditional on future performance under
              the contract, the balance is classified as a contract asset. Payments received in advance of
              performance under the contract are classified as current or non-current contract liabilities on the
              Group’s consolidated balance sheets and are recognized as revenue as the Group performs under
              the contract.




220   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                        FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
                                    (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
   (continued)
   VALUE-ADDED TAXES AND SURCHARGES
   The accommodation services of the Group in PRC and Germany are subject to a range from 6% to
   19% of Value-Added Taxes, respectively.


   The Group is subject to education surtax and urban maintenance and construction tax, on the
   services provided in the PRC.


   ADVERTISING AND PROMOTIONAL EXPENSES
   Advertising related expenses, including promotion expenses and production costs of marketing
   materials, are charged to the consolidated statements of comprehensive income as incurred, and
   amounted to RMB99, RMB150 and RMB165 for the years ended December 31, 2019, 2020 and
   2021, respectively.


   GOVERNMENT GRANTS
   Government grants represent cash received by the Group in the PRC from local governments as
   incentives for investing in certain local districts, and are typically granted based on the amount
   of investments the Group made as well as income generated by the Group in such districts under
   legacy Huazhu. Such subsidies allow the Group full discretion to utilize the funds and are used
   by the Group for general corporate purposes. The local governments have final discretion as to
   whether the Group has met all criteria to be entitled to the subsidies. Normally, the Group does
   not receive written confirmation from local governments indicating the approval of the cash
   subsidy before cash is received, and therefore cash subsidies are recognized when received and
   when all the conditions for their receipts have been satisfied. Government grants recognized by
   legacy Huazhu were RMB148, RMB154 and RMB110 for the years ended December 31, 2019, 2020
   and 2021, respectively, which were recorded as other operating income.


   Government grants represent cash received by the Group as compensation for COVID-19 impacts
   in various countries under legacy DH. The grants consist of short term work compensation, fixed
   costs compensation and revenue based compensation. Short term work compensation recognized
   by legacy DH was RMB244 and RMB197 for the year ended December 31, 2020 and 2021, which
   was netted with operating costs and expenses. Other grants recognized by legacy DH were RMB17
   and RMB765 for the year ended December 31, 2020 and 2021, which were recorded as other
   operating income.




                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021          221
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         (continued)
              LEASES
              As a lessee
              Starting from January 1, 2019, the Group adopted ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), which
              supersedes the lease accounting guidance under Topic 840, and generally requires lessees to
              recognize operating and financing lease liabilities and corresponding right-of-use (ROU) assets
              on the balance sheet and to provide enhanced disclosures surrounding the amount, timing and
              uncertainty of cash flows arising from leasing arrangements. All of the Group’s leases were
              classified under ASC Topic 842 as operating leases upon this adoption and there are both capital
              lease and operating lease under legacy DH since the acquisition of DH. The Group elected the
              practical expedients under ASU 2016-02 which includes the use of hindsight in determining the
              lease term and the practical expedient package to not reassess whether any expired or existing
              contracts are or contain leases, to not reassess the classification of any expired or existing leases,
              and to not reassess initial direct costs for any existing leases. The adoption of ASU 2016-02 did
              not materially affect the consolidated statements of income or consolidated statements of cash
              flows and had no impact on the debt covenant compliance under the current agreements.




222   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                        FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
                                    (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
   (continued)
   LEASES (continued)
   As a lessee (continued)
   The Group recognizes a lease liability for future fixed lease payments and variable lease
   payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the
   commencement date and a ROU asset representing the right to use the underlying asset for the
   lease term. Lease liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value
   of fixed lease payments and variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate (initially
   measured using the index or rate as at the commencement date) over the lease term using the
   rate implicit in the lease, if available, or the Group’s incremental borrowing rate. As its leases do
   not provide an implicit borrowing rate, the Group uses an incremental borrowing rate based on the
   estimated rate of interest for collateralized borrowing over a similar term of the lease payments
   at the commencement date. Upon adoption of ASU 2016-02, the Group elected to use the
   remaining lease term as of January 1, 2019 in the estimation of the applicable discount rate for
   leases that were in place at adoption. For the initial measurement of the lease liability for leases
   commencing after January 1, 2019, the Group uses the discount rate as of the commencement
   date of the lease, incorporating the entire lease term. Current maturities of operating lease
   liabilities and finance lease liabilities are classified as operating lease liabilities, current and
   finance lease liabilities, current, respectively, in the Group’s consolidated balance sheets. Long-
   term portions of operating lease liabilities and finance lease liabilities are classified as operating
   lease liabilities, non-current and finance lease liabilities, non-current, respectively, in the Group’s
   consolidated balance sheets. Most leases have initial terms ranging from 10 to 20 years for
   legacy Huazhu, and from 20 to 25 years for legacy DH. The lease term includes lessee options to
   extend the lease and periods occurring after a lessee early termination option, only to the extent
   it is reasonably certain that the Group will exercise such extension options and not exercise such
   early termination options, respectively. The Group’s lease agreements may include nonlease
   components, mainly common area maintenance, which are combined with the lease components
   as the Group elects to account for these components as a single lease component, as permitted.
   The Group elected the practical expedient of not to separate land components outside PRC from
   leases of specified property and equipment at the ASC842 transition date. Besides, the Group’s
   lease payments are generally fixed and certain agreements contain variable lease payments
   based on the operating performance of the leased property and the changes in the index of
   consumer pricing index (“CPI”). Almost all the lease agreements with variable lease payments
   based on the changes in CPI are held by legacy DH. For operating leases, the Group recognizes
   lease expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term and variable lease payments that
   depend on an index or a rate are initially measured using the index or rate at the commencement
   date, otherwise variable lease payments are recognized in the period in which the obligation for
   those payments is incurred. The operating lease expense is recognized as hotel operating costs,
   general and administrative expenses and pre-opening expenses in the consolidated statements
   of comprehensive income. For finance lease, lease expense is generally front-loaded as the
   finance lease ROU asset is depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term
   or useful life of the underlying asset within hotel operating costs in the consolidated statements
   of comprehensive income, but interest expense on the lease liability is recognized in interest
   expense in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income using the effective interest
   method which results in more expense during the early years of the lease. Additionally, the Group
   elected not to recognize leases with lease terms of 12 months or less at the commencement date.
   Lease payments on short-term leases are recognized as an expense on a straight-line basis over
   the lease term, not included in lease liabilities. The Group’s lease agreements do not contain any
   significant residual value guarantees or restricted covenants.



                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021          223
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         (continued)
              LEASES (continued)
              As a lessee (continued)
              The ROU assets are measured at the amount of the lease liabilities with adjustments, if
              applicable, for lease prepayments made prior to or at lease commencement, initial direct costs
              incurred by the Group, deferred rent and lease incentives, and any off-market terms (that is,
              favorable or unfavorable terms) present in the lease when the Group acquired leases in a business
              combination in which the acquiree acts as a lessee. The Group evaluates the carrying value of
              ROU assets if there are indicators of impairment and reviews the recoverability of the related
              asset group. The Group excludes the lease obligation from the carrying value of the asset group.
              Accordingly, the lease payments (both principal and interest) don’t reduce the undiscounted
              expected future cash flows used to test the asset group for recoverability. If the carrying value
              of the asset group cannot be recoverable and is in excess of the estimated fair value, the Group
              records an impairment loss in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. Noncash
              lease expense are used as the noncash add-back for the amortization of the operating ROU assets
              to the operating section of the consolidated statements of cash flow.

              The Group reassesses of a contract is or contains a leasing arrangement and re-measures ROU
              assets and liabilities upon modification of the contract. The Group will derecognize ROU assets
              and liabilities, with difference recognized in the consolidated statements of comprehensive
              income on the contract termination.

              In April 2020, the FASB released a Q&A which allows lessees and lessors to make an election
              to either apply the lease modification guidance or the variable rents guidance under ASC 840
              and ASC 842 for lease concessions related to COVID-19 as long as the total cash flows as a
              result of the concession are substantially the same or less than those in the contract before the
              concession. A preparer can make this election without the need to determine whether a force
              majeure clause exists in the lease. The Group has elected to account for the lease concessions as
              variable lease expenses.

              The favorable lease agreements and unfavorable lease agreements in which the Group acts as a
              lessee were reclassified to operating lease right-of-use assets on January 1, 2019, upon adoption
              of ASC 842, Leases, which are amortized combining with right-of-use assets over remaining
              operating lease terms. These estimated useful lives are generally as follows:

              Favorable lease agreements acquired before the               Remaining lease terms from 1 to 20 years
                adoption of ASC 842
              Unfavorable lease agreements                                 Remaining lease terms from 3 to 13 years

              Sublease
              The Group subleases property which are not suitable to operate hotels to third parties under
              operating leases. In accordance with the provisions of ASC 842, since the Group has not been
              relieved as the primary obligor of the head lease, the Group cannot net the sublease income
              against its lease payment to calculate the lease liability and ROU asset. The Group’s practice has
              been, and will continue to, straight-line the sub-lease income over the term of the sublease, which
              is consistent with the accounting treatment under ASC840.


224   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                        CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                        FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
                                    (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
   (continued)
   INCOME TAXES
   Current income taxes are provided for in accordance with the relevant statutory tax laws and
   regulations.


   Deferred income taxes are recognized for temporary differences between the tax basis of assets
   and liabilities and their reported amounts in the financial statements. Net operating losses are
   carried forward and credited by applying enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years.
   Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of the Group, it
   is more-likely-than-not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.
   For a particular tax-paying component of an entity and within a particular tax jurisdiction, all
   deferred tax liabilities and assets, as well as any related valuation allowance, shall be offset
   and presented as a single noncurrent amount. However, an entity shall not offset deferred tax
   liabilities and assets attributable to different tax-paying components of the entity or to different
   tax jurisdictions.


   FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION
   The reporting currency of the Group is the Renminbi (“RMB”). The functional currency of the
   Company is the United States dollar (“US$”). Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in
   currencies other than the functional currency are remeasured in functional currency at the
   rates of exchange ruling at the balance sheet date. Transactions in currencies other than the
   functional currency during the year are converted into the functional currency at the applicable
   rates of exchange prevailing on the day transactions occurred. Transaction gains and losses are
   recognized in the statements of comprehensive income.


   Assets and liabilities are translated into RMB at the exchange rates at the balance sheet date,
   equity accounts are translated at historical exchange rates and revenues, expenses, gains and
   losses are translated using the average rate for the year. Translation adjustments are reported as
   cumulative translation adjustments and are shown as a separate component of comprehensive
   income.


   The financial records of the Group’s subsidiaries are maintained in local currencies, which are the
   functional currencies.


   COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
   Comprehensive income includes all changes in equity except for those resulting from investments
   by owners and distributions to owners and is comprised of net income, foreign-currency
   translation adjustments and gain (loss) arising from defined benefit plan.




                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021          225
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         (continued)
              CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK
              Financial instruments that potentially expose the Group to concentration of credit risk consist
              primarily of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, short-term and long-term investments,
              loan receivables, amount due from related parties, other current assets, other assets and
              accounts receivable. All of the Group’s cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash are
              held with financial institutions that Group’s management believes to be high credit quality. In
              addition, the Group’s investment policy limits its exposure to concentrations of credit risk and
              the Group’s short-term and long-term investments consist of equity investments in listing and
              private companies. The Group’s loan receivables are lent to entities with high credit quality. The
              Group conducts credit evaluations on its group and agency customers and generally does not
              require collateral or other security from such customers. The Group periodically evaluates the
              creditworthiness of the existing customers in determining credit losses for accounts receivable,
              loan receivable and financial assets, including other current assets, other assets and amounts
              due from related parties based on the expectation of future economic conditions, historical
              collection experience and a loss-rate approach.


              FAIR VALUE
              The Group defines fair value as the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to
              transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement
              date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities required or
              permitted to be recorded at fair value, the Group considers the principal or most advantageous
              market in which it would transact and it considers assumptions that market participants would
              use when pricing the asset or liability.


              The established fair value hierarchy requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs
              and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. A financial instrument’s
              categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is
              significant to the fair value measurement. The three levels of inputs may be used to measure fair
              value include:


              Level 1 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are quoted prices in active markets for
              identical assets or liabilities.


              Level 2 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are inputs other than quoted prices included
              within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability such as quoted prices for similar assets
              or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets with
              insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less active markets); or model-derived valuations
              in which significant inputs are observable or can be derived principally from, or corroborated by,
              observable market data.




226   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                          CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
                                                   (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
   (continued)
   FAIR VALUE (continued)
   Level 3 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are unobservable inputs to the valuation
   methodology that are significant to the measurement of the fair value of the assets or liabilities.


   When available, the Group uses quoted market prices to determine the fair value of an asset or
   liability. If quoted market prices are not available, the Group measures fair value using valuation
   techniques that use, when possible, current market-based or independently sourced market
   parameters, such as interest rates. The Group’s financial instruments include cash and cash
   equivalent, restricted cash, loan receivables current and non-current portion, receivables,
   payables, short-term debts, long-term debts. The carrying amounts of these short-term financial
   instruments approximates their fair value due to their short-term nature. The long-term debts
   and long-term loan receivables approximate their fair values, because the bearing interest rate
   approximates market interest rate, and market interest rates have not fluctuated significantly
   since the commencement of loan contracts signed. The carrying amounts of convertible senior
   notes were RMB3,290, RMB6,318 and RMB6,186 and the corresponding fair value estimated
   based on quoted market price were RMB3,711, RMB7,747 and RMB6,681, as of December 31,
   2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively. The fair value of pension plan assets is discussed in Note 18.


   As of December 31, 2020 and 2021, information about inputs into the fair value measurements of
   the Group’s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis in periods
   subsequent to their initial recognition is as follows:


                                                                                                 Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using
                                                                                               Quoted Prices in       Significant
                                                                                                Active Markets             Other         Significant
                                                                                                   for Identical      Observable      Unobservable
                                                                                                        Assets            Inputs             Inputs
   As of December 31,   Description                                              Fair Value            (Level 1)        (Level 2)          (Level 3)

   2020                 Equity securities with readily determinable fair value       3,903                3,903                –                   –
   2020                 Available-for-sale debt securities                             220                    –              220                   –
   2020                 Employee benefit plan assets                                     6                    6                –                   –
   2021                 Equity securities with readily determinable fair value       2,589                2,589                –                   –
   2021                 Available-for-sale debt securities                             220                    –              220                   –
   2021                 Employee benefit plan assets                                     5                    5                –                   –




                                                                                              Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021                  227
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         (continued)
              FAIR VALUE (continued)
              The following table presents the Group’s assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis
              for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021:


                                                                                     Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using
                                                                                    Quoted Prices
                                                                                        in Active        Significant
                                                                                      Markets for              Other        Significant
                                                                   Fair Value for       Identical        Observable       Unobservable         Total
              Years Ended                                          Years Ended            Assets              Inputs             Inputs     Loss for
              December 31,   Description                           December 31           (Level 1)          (Level 2)          (Level 3)    the Year

              2020           Property and equipment                            2               –                  –                     2        41
              2020           Operating lease right-of-use assets              71               –                  –                    71       139
              2020           Long-term investment                              –               –                  –                    –         92
              2020           Goodwill                                      2,328               –                  –               2,328         437
              2021           Property and equipment                           33               –                  –                    33        24
              2021           Operating lease right-of-use assets              88               –                  –                    88        48
              2021           Intangible assets                             2,556               –                  –               2,556         245
              2021           Long-term investment                              –               –                  –                    –         63

              As a result of reduced expectations of future cash flows from certain leased hotels, the Group
              determined that the hotels property and equipment with a carrying amount of RMB3, RMB43 and
              RMB57 was not fully recoverable and consequently recorded an impairment charge of RMB3,
              RMB41 and RMB24 for the years ended December 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively. The
              Group also determined that the operating lease right-of-use assets amount with a carrying
              amount of nil, RMB210 and RMB136 was not fully recoverable and recorded an impairment charge
              of nil, RMB139 and RMB48 for the years ended December 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively.


              Fair value of the property and equipment and operating lease right-of-use assets impairment
              testing were determined by the Group based on the income approach using the discounted cash
              flow associated with the underlying assets, which incorporated certain assumptions including
              projected hotels’ revenue, growth rates and projected operating costs based on current economic
              condition, expectation of management and projected trends of current operating results. As a
              result, the Group has determined that the majority of the inputs used to value its long-lived assets
              held and used and its reporting units are unobservable inputs that fall within Level 3 of the fair
              value hierarchy. The revenue growth rate and the discount rate were the significant unobservable
              input used in the fair value measurement, which are ranged between negative 15% and 4%, 8.64%
              and 20%, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively.




228   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                        FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
                                    (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
   (continued)
   FAIR VALUE (continued)
   As a result of the impairment assessment, the Group determined that the intangible assets
   amount with a carrying amount of nil, nil and RMB2,801 exceeded their fair value and recorded an
   impairment charge of nil, nil and RMB245 for the years ended December 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021,
   respectively.


   As a result of the impairment assessment, the Group determined that the long-term investment
   amount with a carrying amount of RMB10, RMB92 and RMB63 was fully impaired as a result of the
   impairment assessment for the years ended December 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively.


   As a result of the impairment assessment, the Group determined that the goodwill amount with a
   carrying amount of nil, RMB2,768 and nil was impaired and recorded an impairment charge of nil,
   RMB437 and nil for the years ended December 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively.


   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION
   The Group recognizes share-based compensation in the consolidated statements of
   comprehensive income based on the fair value of equity awards on the date of the grant, with
   compensation expenses recognized over the period in which the grantee is required to provide
   service to the Group in exchange for the equity award. Vesting of certain equity awards are
   based on the performance conditions for a period of time following the grant date. Share-
   based compensation expense is recognized according to the Group’s judgement of likely future
   performance and will be adjusted in future periods based on the actual performance. The share-
   based compensation expenses have been categorized as either hotel operating costs, general
   and administrative expenses or selling and marketing expenses, depending on the job functions
   of the grantees. For the years ended December 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021, the Group recognized
   share-based compensation expenses of RMB110, RMB122 and RMB109, respectively, which were
   classified as follows:


                                                                    Years Ended December 31,
                                                                   2019                2020                 2021

   Hotel operating costs                                              35                  42                   39
   Selling and marketing expenses                                      3                    4                   4
   General and administrative expenses                                72                  76                   66
   Total                                                            110                  122                 109




                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021          229
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         (continued)
              EARNINGS (LOSSES) PER SHARE
              Basic earnings (losses) per share is computed by dividing income attributable to holders of
              ordinary shares by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year.
              Diluted earnings (losses) per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or
              other contracts to issue ordinary shares were exercised or converted into ordinary shares, which
              consist of the ordinary shares issuable upon the conversion of the convertible senior notes (using
              the if-converted method) and ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options and vest
              of nonvested restricted stocks (using the treasury stock method).


              The loaned shares under the ADS lending agreement are excluded from both the basic and diluted
              earnings (losses) per share calculation unless default of the ADS lending arrangement occurs
              which the Group considered the possibility is remote.


              SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHY INFORMATION
              The Group identifies a business as an operating segment if: i) it engages in business activities
              from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses; ii) its operating results are regularly
              reviewed by the Chief Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”) to make decisions about resources to
              be allocated to the segment and assess its performance; and iii) it has available discrete financial
              information. The Group’s chief operating decision maker has been identified as the chief executive
              officer. Before the acquisition of DH completed on January 2, 2020, CODM regularly reviews the
              operation data, such as industrial metrics of revenue per available room, occupancy rate, and
              number of hotels by scale/brand, to assess the performance and allocate the resources at brand
              level. All the acquired business including Accor, Crystal Orange and Blossom Hotel Management
              has been migrated to the Group’s business, and the Group operates and manages its business
              as a single segment. After the acquisition of DH, CODM regularly reviews the operating data
              and EBITDA, which is defined as earnings before interest income, interest expense, income tax
              expense (benefit) and depreciation and amortization, a financial measure for legacy Huazhu
              and legacy DH separately to evaluate their performance. Therefore, in January 2020, the Group
              modified its operating segment structure to be two operating segments which are legacy Huazhu
              and legacy DH as a result of a change in the way management intends to evaluate results and
              allocate resources within the Group. In identifying its reportable segments, the Group assesses
              nature of operating segments and evaluates the operating results of each reporting segments.
              Both operating segments meet the quantitative thresholds and should be considered as two
              reportable segments.




230   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                         FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
                                     (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
   (continued)
   SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHY INFORMATION (continued)
   The following table provides a summary of the Group’s operating segment results for the years
   ended December 31, 2020 and 2021. The Group presents segment information after elimination of
   intercompany transactions.

                                                              Years Ended December 31,
                                                   2020                                      2021
                                     Legacy        Legacy                     Legacy         Legacy
                                     Huazhu           DH            Total     Huazhu            DH           Total
   Total revenues                      8,664         1,532        10,196       11,247          1,538       12,785
   Operating costs and
     expenses                          8,978         2,947        11,925       10,549          3,058       13,607
   Goodwill impairment loss                –           437           437            –              –            –
   Other operating income, net           214           266           480          193            793          986
   Interest income                       118             1           119           88              1           89
   Interest expense                      427           106           533          291            114          405
   Other (expenses) income, net          (92)            3           (89)         139             18          157
   Unrealized (losses) gains from
     fair value changes of
     equity securities                  (266)              1        (265)          (96)            –           (96)
   Foreign exchange gain (loss)          176              (1)        175          (294)          (23)         (317)
   (Loss) income before income tax      (591)       (1,688)        (2,279)         437          (845)         (408)
   Income tax expense (benefit)          151          (366)         (215)          249          (237)           12
   (Loss) from equity method
     investments                        (117)           (23)        (140)          (50)          (10)          (60)
   Net loss attributable to
     noncontrolling interest              (12)            –           (12)         (15)             –          (15)
   Net (loss) income attributable
    to Huazhu Group Limited             (847)       (1,345)        (2,192)         153          (618)         (465)
   Income tax expense (benefit)          151          (366)         (215)          249          (237)           12
   Interest income                       118             1           119            88             1            89
   Interest expense                      427           106           533           291           114           405
   Depreciation and amortization       1,123           239         1,362         1,222           281         1,503
   EBITDA                                736        (1,367)         (631)        1,827          (461)        1,366


   The following table presents total assets for operating segments, reconciled to consolidated
   amounts:

                                                                 As of December 31,
                                                   2020                                      2021
                                     Legacy        Legacy                     Legacy         Legacy
                                     Huazhu           DH            Total     Huazhu            DH           Total
   Total assets                       46,243        18,912        65,155       45,353        17,916        63,269


                                                                       Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021          231
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         (continued)
              SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHY INFORMATION (continued)
              The following tables represent revenues and property and equipment, net, intangible assets, net,
              right-of-use assets, land use rights, net and goodwill by geographical region.


              Revenues：


                                                                                         Years Ended December 31,
                                                                                               2020              2021

              China                                                                           8,647         11,231
              Germany                                                                         1,212              1,263
              All others                                                                        337               291
              Total                                                                          10,196         12,785


              Property and equipment, net, intangible assets, net, right-of-use assets, land use rights, net and
              goodwill:


                                                                                            As of December 31,
                                                                                               2020              2021

              China                                                                          30,635         33,143
              Germany                                                                        15,670         13,884
              All others                                                                      2,544              2,929
              Total                                                                          48,849         49,956


              Other than China and Germany, there were no countries that individually represented more than
              10% of the total revenue and certain long lived assets for the years ended and as of December 31,
              2021.


              TREASURY SHARES
              Treasury shares represent shares repurchased by the Company that are no longer outstanding
              and are held by the Company. Treasury shares are accounted for under the cost method. As
              of December 31, 2020 and 2021, under the repurchase plan, the Company had repurchased
              an aggregate of 30,967,640 and 30,974,040 ordinary shares on the open market for cash
              consideration of RMB107 and RMB107, respectively. The repurchased shares were presented as
              “treasury shares” in shareholders’ equity on the Group’s consolidated balance sheets.




232   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                        FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
                                    (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
   (continued)
   RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS
   Adopted Accounting Standards
   In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-14, Compensation – Retirement Benefits – Defined
   Benefit Plans – General (Topic 715-20). The amendment modifies the disclosure requirements
   for employers that sponsor defined benefit pension or other post-retirement plans. The revised
   guidance is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December
   15, 2020, with early adoption permitted. The Group adopted the guidance on January 1, 2021, as
   required. There was no material impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements and
   related disclosures as a result of adopting this new standard.


   In December 2019, the FASB has issued ASU No. 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740) – Simplifying
   the Accounting for Income Taxes. The guidance issued in this update simplifies the accounting
   for income taxes by eliminating certain exceptions to the guidance in ASC740 related to the
   approach for intraperiod tax allocation, the methodology for calculating income taxes in an
   interim period and the recognition for deferred tax liabilities for outside basis differences. This
   ASU also simplifies aspects of the accounting for franchise taxes and enacted changes in tax laws
   or rates and clarifies the accounting for transactions that result in a step-up in the tax basis of
   goodwill. The amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within
   those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2020, with early adoption permitted. The Group
   adopted the guidance on January 1, 2021, as required. There was no material impact on the
   Group’s consolidated financial statements and related disclosures as a result of adopting this new
   standard.


   In January 2020, the FASB has issued ASU No. 2020-01, Investments — Equity Securities
   (Topic 321), Investments — Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323), and Derivatives and
   Hedging (Topic 815) - Clarifying the Interactions Between Topic 321, Topic 323, and Topic 815
   — a consensus of the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force. This update addresses the accounting
   for certain equity securities upon the application or discontinuation of the equity method of
   accounting. Further, the update addresses scope considerations for forward contracts and
   purchased options on certain securities. The amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal
   years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2020, with early
   adoption permitted. The Company adopted the guidance on January 1, 2021, as required. There
   was no material impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements and related disclosures
   as a result of adopting this new standard.




                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021          233
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         (continued)
              RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS (Continued)
              Accounting Standards Not Yet Adopted
              In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU No. 2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805):
              Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers (“ASU
              2021-08”). The amendments create an exception to the general recognition and measurement
              principal in ASC 805, Business Combinations to measure assets and liabilities acquired in a
              business combination at fair value. Instead, an acquirer in a business combination will be required
              to apply ASC 606 to recognize and measure contract assets and contract liabilities that result
              from contracts accounted for under ASC 606 on the acquisition date and will generally result in
              the acquirer recognizing amounts consistent with those recorded by the acquiree immediately
              before the acquisition date. ASU 2021-08 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
              2022, and interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The Group does
              not expect the adoption of this ASU will have a significant impact on the consolidated financial
              statements.


              In November 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-10, Government Assistance (Topic 832) —
              Disclosures by Business Entities about Government Assistance. The amendments in this ASU
              require disclosures about transactions with a government that have been accounted for by
              analogizing to a grant or contribution accounting model to increase transparency about (1) the
              types of transactions, (2) the accounting for the transactions, and (3) the effect of the transactions
              on an entity’s financial statements. The amendments in this ASU are effective for all entities
              within their scope for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December
              15, 2021. Early application of the amendments is permitted. The Group does not expect this ASU
              would have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.


              TRANSLATION INTO UNITED STATES DOLLARS
              The financial statements of the Group are stated in RMB. Translations of amounts from RMB
              into United States dollars are solely for the convenience of the reader and were calculated at
              the rate of US$1 = RMB6.3726, on December 30, 2021, as set forth in H.10 statistical release of
              the Federal Reserve Board. The translation is not intended to imply that the RMB amounts could
              have been, or could be, converted, realized or settled into United States dollars at that rate on
              December 30, 2021, or at any other rate.




234   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                    CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                        FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
                                    (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


3. ACQUISITIONS
   (i)    During the years ended December 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021, the Group acquired three, three
          and three individual companies for total cash consideration of RMB54, RMB26 and RMB51,
          respectively. The business acquisitions were accounted for under purchase accounting. The
          assets and liabilities of these hotels and companies acquired in 2019, 2020 and 2021 were
          immaterial to the consolidated financial statements.


   (ii)   On January 2, 2020, the Group completed the acquisition of 100% equity interest of
          Deutsche Hospitality. Deutsche Hospitality was engaged in the business of leasing,
          franchising, operating and managing hotels under five brands in the midscale and upscale
          market in Europe, the Middle East and Africa. The aggregated consideration was EUR720
          million (equivalent to RMB5,624) which has been fully paid in cash as of January 2, 2020.


          The total revenue and net loss of the acquiree included in the consolidated statements
          of comprehensive income for the year ended December 31, 2020 were RMB1,532 and
          RMB1,345, respectively.


          The following table summarizes unaudited pro forma results of operation for the years
          ended December 31, 2019 and 2020 assuming that the acquisition occurred as of January
          1, 2019. The pro forma results have been prepared for comparative purpose only based on
          management’s best estimate and do not purport to be indicative of the results of operations
          which actually would have resulted had the acquisition occurred as of January 1, 2019.


                                                                              Period Ended December 31,
                                                                                       2019                 2020

          Pro forma total reveune                                                    14,995               10,196
          Pro forma net income (loss) attributable
            to Huazhu Group Limited                                                    1,780              (2,204)


          The Group incurred transaction cost of RMB70 for the acquisition, which was expensed
          in 2019. These expenses are non-recurring in nature, and were eliminated from the
          calculation of pro forma net income above.




                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021          235
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      3. ACQUISITIONS (Continued)
              (ii)    (Continued)
                      The allocation of the purchase price as of the date of acquisition is summarized as follows:


                                                                                                      Amortization Period
                      Current assets                                                     785
                      Property and equipment, net                                        586                     2-25 years
                      Operating lease right-of-use assets                          8,616            Remaining lease terms
                                                                                                Shorter of estimated useful
                                                                                                     lives of the assets and
                      Financing lease right-of-use assets                          1,794                   the lease terms
                      Franchise or manachise agreements                                  270     Remaining contract terms
                      Brand names                                                  3,873                     Indefinite-life
                      Non-compete agreement                                               10                        2 years
                      Goodwill                                                     2,694
                      Deferred tax assets                                                170
                      Other non-current assets                                           280
                      Operating lease liabilities, current                           (296)
                      Finance lease liabilities, current                                 (21)
                      Other current liabilities                                      (784)
                      Operating lease liabilities, non-current                    (8,553)
                      Finance lease liabilities, non-current                      (2,166)
                      Other noncurrent liabilities                                   (330)
                      Deferred tax liabilities                                    (1,304)
                      Total                                                        5,624


                      Goodwill was recognized as a result of expected synergies from combining operations of
                      the Group and acquired business and other intangible assets that don’t qualify for separate
                      recognition. The goodwill generated from the DH acquisition is allocated to the reporting
                      unit of legacy DH. None of the Goodwill is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.


              (iii)   On April 30, 2021, the Group completed the acquisition of 100% equity interest of CitiGO
                      hotels from Cjia Group, a related party of the Group. CitiGO brand is a light luxury and
                      social hotel brand, which are mainly distributed in first and second-tier cities in China. The
                      aggregated consideration was RMB783 and RMB749 was paid in cash as of December 31,
                      2021.


              The total revenue and net loss of the acquiree included in the consolidated statements of
              comprehensive income for the year ended December 31, 2021 were RMB184 and RMB34,
              respectively.




236   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                         FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
                                     (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


3. ACQUISITIONS (continued)
   The following table summarizes unaudited pro forma results of operation for the years ended
   December 31, 2020 and 2021 assuming that the acquisition of CitiGO hotels occurred as of
   January 1, 2020. The transaction cost incurred was not material. The pro forma results have been
   prepared for comparative purpose only based on management’s best estimate and do not purport
   to be indicative of the results of operations which actually would have resulted had the acquisition
   occurred as of January 1, 2020.


                                                                               Period Ended December 31,
                                                                                        2020                 2021

   Pro forma total revenue                                                            10,346              12,861
   Pro forma net loss attributable to Huazhu Group Limited                             (2,318)               (480)


   The allocation of the purchase price as of the date of acquisition is summarized as follows:


                                                                                          Amortization Period
   Current assets                                                      34
   Property and equipment                                            296                              5-12 years
   Operating lease right-of-use assets                             1,119               Remaining lease terms
   Other non-current assets                                            33
   Franchise agreement                                                 61          Remaining contract terms
   Brand names                                                         90                         Indefinite-life
   Goodwill                                                          372
   Operating lease liabilities, current                             (153)
   Other current liabilities                                          (23)
   Operating lease liabilities, non-current                         (987)
   Other noncurrent liabilities                                        (5)
   Deferred tax liabilities                                           (33)
   Noncontrolling interest                                            (21)
   Total                                                             783


   Goodwill was recognized as a result of expected synergies from combining operations of the Group
   and acquired business and other intangible assets that don’t qualify for separate recognition. All
   the acquired business has been migrated to the Group’s business. The goodwill generated from
   the CitiGO acquisition is allocated to the reporting unit of legacy Huazhu. None of the Goodwill is
   expected to be deductible for tax purposes.




                                                                       Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021          237
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      4. REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS
              DISAGGREGATED REVENUES
              The following tables present the Group’s revenues disaggregated by the nature of the product or
              service:
                                                                                     Years Ended December 31,
                                                                                    2019          2020              2021

              Room revenues                                                        7,057          5,735             7,024
              Food and beverage revenues                                                 351       608               694
              Others                                                                     310       565               400
              Leased and owned hotels revenue                                      7,718          6,908             8,118
              Initial one-time franchise fee                                              93       110               109
              On-going management and service fees                                 1,228          1,057             1,479
              Central reservation system usage fees, other
                system maintenance and support fees                                      908       908              1,399
              Reimbursements for hotel manager fees                                      581       657               897
              Other fees                                                                 532       404               520
              Manachised and franchised hotels revenue                             3,342          3,136             4,404
              Other revenues                                                             152       152               263
              Total revenues                                                      11,212         10,196         12,785


              CONTRACT BALANCES
              The Group’s contract assets are insignificant at December 31, 2020 and 2021.


                                                                                               As of December 31,
                                                                                                  2020              2021

              Current contract liabilities                                                        1,272             1,366
              Long-term contract liabilities                                                       662               785
              Total contract liabilities                                                          1,934             2,151




238   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                    CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                        FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
                                    (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


4. REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS
   (continued)
  CONTRACT BALANCES (continued)
  The contract liabilities balances above which are classified as deferred revenue on the
  consolidated balance sheet, as of December 31, 2020 and 2021 were comprised of the following:


                                                                                   As of December 31,
                                                                                       2020                 2021

  Initial fees received from franchisees owners                                          924               1,074
  Cash received for membership fees and
    not recognized as revenue                                                            430                 519
  Advances received from customers                                                       529                 505
  Deferred revenue related to the loyalty program                                         51                   53
  Total                                                                                1,934               2,151


  The Group classifies initial fees received from franchisees into current liabilities when the hotel
  has not yet opened. Initial fees received from franchisees for pre-opening hotels are RMB429 and
  RMB496 as of December 31, 2020 and 2021, respectively. Once the hotel opens, initial one-time
  franchise fee will be recognized as revenue over the term of the franchise contract and the initial
  fees received from franchisees that has not been recognized as revenue will be reclassified into
  current contract liabilities and long-term contract liabilities, respectively.


  The Group recognized revenues that were previously deferred as contract liabilities of RMB748
  and RMB613 during the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021, respectively.


  REVENUE ALLOCATED TO REMAINING PERFORMANCE OBLIGATIONS
  Revenue allocated to remaining performance obligations represents contracted revenue that has
  not yet been recognized, which includes deferred revenue and amounts that will be invoiced and
  recognized as revenue in future periods.


  As of December 31, 2021, the Group had RMB53 of deferred revenues related to unsatisfied
  performance obligations under H Rewards that will be recognized as revenues when the points are
  redeemed, which the Group estimate will occur over the next two years. The Group had RMB1,074
  of deferred revenues related to initial fees received from franchisees owners are expected to
  be recognized as revenues over the remaining contract periods over generally one to ten years.
  Additionally, the Group had RMB519 of deferred revenues related to membership fees that are
  expected to be recognized as revenues over the remaining membership life, which is estimated
  to be one to five years. The Group also had RMB505 of deferred revenues related to advances
  received from customers, which are expected to be recognized as revenues in future periods over
  the terms of the related contracts.




                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021          239
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      4. REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS
         (continued)
              REVENUE ALLOCATED TO REMAINING PERFORMANCE OBLIGATIONS
              (continued)
              The Group did not estimate revenues expected to be recognized related to the Group’s unsatisfied
              performance for the following:


              •       Revenues related to on-going management and franchise service fees, as they are
                      considered sales-based royalty fees.


              •       Revenues related to central reservation system usage fees, other system maintenance and
                      support fees, and reimbursement for hotel manager fee, as the related revenues from the
                      satisfaction of these performance obligations is recognized when the Group is entitled to
                      invoice the amount.


      5. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET
              Property and equipment, net consist of the following:


                                                                                         As of December 31,
                                                                                            2020              2021

              Cost:
              Buildings                                                                      247               305
              Leasehold improvements                                                       9,542         10,467
              Furniture, fixtures and equipment                                            2,008              2,348
              Motor vehicles                                                                   1                  3
                                                                                          11,798         13,123
              Less: Accumulated depreciation                                               5,764              6,845
                                                                                           6,034              6,278
              Construction in progress                                                       648               778
              Property and equipment, net                                                  6,682              7,056


              Depreciation expense was RMB967, RMB1,219 and RMB1,352 for the years ended December 31,
              2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively.


              The Group occasionally demolishes certain leased hotels due to local government zoning
              requirements, which typically results in receiving compensation from the government.




240   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                         FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
                                     (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


6. INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET
   Intangible assets, net consist of the following:


                                                                                    As of December 31,
                                                                                        2020                 2021

   Intangible assets with indefinite lives:
   Brand names (Note 3)                                                                 5,319               5,010
   Master brand agreement                                                                 192                 192
   Intangible assets with definite lives:
   Franchise or manachise agreements                                                      356                 366
   Favorable lease agreements from sublease                                                12                   11
   Purchased software                                                                     108                 142
   Other intangible assets                                                                 70                   70
   Total                                                                                6,057               5,791
   Less: Accumulated amortization                                                         112                 163
   Less: Accumulated impairment loss (Note 2)                                                –                243
   Total                                                                                5,945               5,385


   The values of favorable lease agreements were determined based on the estimated present value
   of the amount the Group has avoided paying as a result of entering into the lease agreements.


   Amortization expense of intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
   amounted to RMB16, RMB62, and RMB65, respectively.


   The annual estimated amortization expense for the above intangible assets excluding brand
   names and master brand agreement for the following years is as follows:


                                                                                              Amortization for
                                                                                             Intangible Assets
   2022                                                                                                        37
   2023                                                                                                        36
   2024                                                                                                        32
   2025                                                                                                        31
   2026                                                                                                        28
   Thereafter                                                                                                 180
   Total                                                                                                      344




                                                                       Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021          241
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      7. INVESTMENTS
              The investments as of December 31, 2020 and 2021 were as follows:


                                                                                         As of December 31,
                                                                                            2020              2021

              Equity securities with readily determinable fair values:
                Accor                                                                      3,849              2,508
                Other marketable securities                                                   54                81
              Equity securities without readily determinable fair values:
                Cjia/Cjia Group                                                              183               168
                OYO                                                                           66                54
                Other equity securities without readily determinable
                   fair values                                                                72                71
              Equity-method investments:
                AAPC LUB                                                                     490               525
                Hotel related funds                                                          476               488
                China Hospitality JV                                                         103                99
                Zleep                                                                         88                68
                Commerz Real Institute                                                         –                85
                Other investments                                                            225               187
              Available-for-sale debt securities:
                Cjia/Cjia Group                                                              220               220
              Total                                                                        5,826              4,554


              EQUITY SECURITIES WITH READILY DETERMINABLE FAIR VALUES:
              In 2019, 2020 and 2021, the Group purchased 282,787 and 8,737,987 and 1,180,000 ordinary
              shares of Accor, respectively, a hotel group listed in Paris stock exchange, from open market. In
              2020 and 2021, the Group sold out 1,003,654 and 5,172,458 of these shares with losses of RMB21
              and gains of RMB209 realized, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, the Group accumulatively
              hold 12,212,552 shares of Accor, which accounts for less than 5% of Accor total outstanding
              shares where the Group does not have the ability to significantly influence the operations of this
              entity. In 2020 and 2021, the Group recognized unrealized losses from fair value changes of Accor
              of RMB253 and RMB94, respectively.


              At December 31, 2020 and 2021, the Group had RMB54 and RMB81, respectively, of other
              marketable securities, which represent investments in entities in hospitality or related industries
              where the Group does not have the ability to significantly influence the operations of these
              entities. In 2019, 2020 and 2021, the Group recognized unrealized losses from fair value changes
              of other marketable securities of RMB35, RMB12 and RMB2, respectively.




242   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                        FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
                                    (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


7. INVESTMENTS (continued)
   EQUITY SECURITIES WITHOUT READILY DETERMINABLE FAIR VALUES:
   As of December 31, 2018, the Group had approximately 17% equity interest and US$45 million in
   preferred shares of China Cjia Group Limited (“Cjia Group”). In addition, the Group had RMB252
   convertible notes in Cjia Group. In 2019, Cjia Group repurchased from the Group part of its
   ordinary shares and preferred shares and issued new shares to an unrelated investor. As a result,
   the Group recognized a gain of RMB9 in other income in 2019. As of December 31, 2020 and
   2021, the Group had approximately 15% and 16% ordinary shares of Cjia Group, respectively. The
   Group accounted for the ordinary shares in Cjia Group under equity-method as the Group has the
   ability to exert significant influence. The convertible notes are recorded as available-for-sale debt
   securities. The preferred shares are accounted for as equity securities without readily determined
   fair value as they are not in substance ordinary shares. The Group recognized investment loss
   of RMB45, RMB49 and RMB15 in income (loss) from equity method investments in 2019, 2020
   and 2021, respectively. Loss from equity method investments reduced the cost of equity-method
   investment to zero and further adjusted the carrying amount of preferred shares and convertible
   notes.


   In September 2017, the Group purchased approximately 1% equity interest of Oravel Stays Private
   limited (“OYO”), an India leading hospitality company. During the year ended December 31, 2021,
   the group sold part of equity interest, and recognized investment income of RMB52 in 2021. As of
   December 31, 2021, the Group owned less than 1% equity interest of OYO. The Group accounted
   the investment as equity securities without readily determinable fair values since the Group does
   not have the ability to exert significant influence over OYO.


   Other equity securities without readily determinable fair values included several insignificant
   investments in certain privately-held companies. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, the
   Group recognized an impairment of RMB45 and nil for these equity securities for the year ended
   December 31, 2020 and 2021, respectively.


   EQUITY-METHOD INVESTMENTS:
   In January 2016, the Group acquired approximately 28% equity interest in AAPC LUB. The Group
   accounted for the investment in AAPC LUB under equity-method as the Group has the ability
   to exert significant influence. The Group recognized investment income of RMB47, RMB21 and
   RMB35 in income (loss) from equity method investments in 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively.
   In 2019, 2020 and 2021, the Group received cash dividend from AAPC LUB of RMB39, nil and nil
   which was recognized as return on investment.




                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021          243
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      7. INVESTMENTS (continued)
              EQUITY-METHOD INVESTMENTS: (continued)
              As of December 31, 2020 and 2021, the Group had RMB476 and RMB488, respectively, of
              investments in hotel related funds. Those funds were VIEs and were managed by or power shared
              with unrelated third-parties. However, the Group determined that they were not the primary
              beneficiary of those VIEs since the Group did not have the power to direct the activities of these
              VIEs that most significantly impacted their economic performance. The Group accounted for the
              investment under equity-method as the Group’s influence over the funds is more than minor. The
              Group recognized investment income of RMB11, investment loss of RMB16 and RMB55, in income
              (loss) from equity method investments in 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively. The maximum
              potential financial statement loss the Group could incur if the investment funds were to default on
              all of their obligations is the loss of value of the interests in such investments of RMB488 that the
              Group holds as of December 31, 2021.


              In 2018, the Group partnered with an unrelated third party investor to form China Hospitality JV,
              Ltd. (“China Hospitality JV”), of which the Group holds 20% equity interest. The business of China
              Hospitality JV was to acquire and operate two hotel properties, one of which has been converted
              into office buildings in 2020. The Group accounted for the investment in China Hospitality JV under
              equity-method as the Group has the ability to exert significant influence. The Group recognized
              investment loss of RMB2, RMB12, and RMB4 in income (loss) from equity method investments in
              2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively.


              In February 2019, Deutsche Hospitality acquired 51% of the shares in Zleep Hotels A/S (“Zleep”), a
              hotel brand in Scandinavia. The Group’s interest in Zleep is accounted for using the equity method
              in the consolidated financial statements because the Group has joint control only in the business
              and finance decisions due to voting right restrictions. The Group recognized investment loss of
              RMB23 and RMB12 in income (loss) from equity method investments in 2020 and 2021.


              In 2021, the Group partnered with an unrelated third party investor who acted as a general
              partner to form Commerz Real Institute, of which the Group holds 34% equity interest as a limited
              shareholder at the consideration of EUR12 million. Commerz Real Institute was designed as an
              open-ended investment fund to build a portfolio of hotels in prestigious locations. The Group
              accounted for the investment in Commerz Real Institute under equity-method as the Group’s
              significant influence over the funds is more than minor. The Group recognized investment loss of
              RMB1 in income (loss) from equity method investments in 2021.


              Other investments included several insignificant equity investments in certain privately-held
              companies. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Group recognized an impairment of RMB47
              and RMB63 for these equity investments for the year ended December 31, 2020 and 2021.




244   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
                                  (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


8. GOODWILL
  The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021
  were as follows:


                                                              Legacy
                                                             Huazhu           Legacy DH                  Total

  Balance at January 1, 2020
  Goodwill                                                      2,661                     –              2,661
  Accumulated impairment loss                                       (4)                   –                  (4)
                                                                2,657                     –              2,657
  Goodwill acquired during the year (Note 3)                         3               2,694               2,697
  Impairment loss                                                    –                (437)               (437)
  Net foreign exchange–goodwill                                      –                  74                   74
  Net foreign exchange–impairment loss                               –                   (3)                 (3)
  Balance at December 31, 2020
  Goodwill                                                      2,664                2,768               5,432
  Accumulated impairment loss                                       (4)               (440)               (444)
                                                                2,660                2,328               4,988
  Goodwill acquired during the year (Note 3)                      372                     6                378
  Net foreign exchange–goodwill                                      –                (278)               (278)
  Net foreign exchange–impairment loss                               –                  44                   44
  Balance at December 31, 2021
  Goodwill                                                      3,036               2,496                5,532
  Accumulated impairment loss                                       (4)               (396)               (400)
                                                                3,032               2,100                5,132




                                                                    Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021          245
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      9. DEBT
              The short-term and long-term debt as of December 31, 2020 and 2021 were as follows:


                                                                                         As of December 31,
                                                                                            2020              2021

              Short-term debt:
                Long-term bank borrowings, current portion                                   251              2,464
                Short-term bank borrowings                                                   851               692
                Convertible senior notes, current portion                                      –              3,029
                FF&E liability, current portion                                               40                47
              Total                                                                        1,142              6,232

              Long-term debt:
                Long-term bank borrowings, non-current portion                             4,384               211
                Convertible senior notes, non-current portion                              6,318              3,158
                FF&E liability, non-current portion                                          135               180
                Others                                                                        19                16
              Total                                                                       10,856              3,565


              BANK BORROWINGS
              In December 2019, the Group entered into a EUR440 million term facility and US$500 million
              revolving credit facility agreement with several banks. The US$500 million revolving credit facility
              is available for 35 months after the date of the agreement. The interest rate on the loan for each
              interest period is the aggregate of the applicable Margin and LIBOR or EURIBOR in relation to any
              loan in EUR. The Margin for each loan depends on the applicable leverage range, generally means
              2.0% per annum. There are some financial covenants including interest coverage ratio, leverage
              and book equity related to this facility. On April 17, 2020, the Group obtained an exemption
              approval for the EUR440 million and US$500 million long-term credit facility, providing that
              with satisfaction of amended covenants, the original financial covenants will not be applicable
              until the six-month period ending June 30, 2021. The amended covenants include book equity,
              borrowings, EBITDA and minimum cash related to this facility. On December 11, 2020, the Group
              obtained a further waiver, which released certain covenants included in the amended covenants
              signed on April 17, 2020. The Group was fully in compliance with the further amended covenants
              for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021. The Group had drawn down EUR440 million and
              US$500 million as of December 31, 2019 under the facility agreement and repaid nil in 2019. The
              Group had drawn down US$200 million as of December 31, 2020 under the facility agreement and
              repaid EUR1 million and US$700 million in 2020. The US$500 million revolving credit had been
              fully paid off as of December 31, 2020. In 2021, the Group did not draw down any revolving credit
              loan and the available credit facility under this agreement of US$500 million was terminated in
              August 2021. Regarding the EUR440 million term facility, the Group had repaid EUR101 million in
              2021. As of December 31, 2021, the outstanding loan amount was EUR338 million and has been
              reclassified to long-term bank borrowings, current portion. The weighted average interest rate of
              borrowings drawn under this agreement was 2.89% and 2.73% for the years ended December 31,
              2020 and 2021 respectively.


246   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                        FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
                                    (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


9. DEBT (continued)
   BANK BORROWINGS (continued)
   In March 2019, the Group entered into a five-year RMB1,190 bank loan contract expiring in March
   2024. The interest rate resets every six months, and is based on the People’s Bank of China five-
   year benchmark interest rate on the pricing date. The loan contains certain financial covenants
   including interest coverage ratio and net tangible assets and the Group was in compliance as of
   December 31, 2019. In 2020, the Group obtained an exemption approval for the RMB1,190 long-
   term credit facility, providing that with satisfaction of amended covenants, the original financial
   covenants of interest coverage ratio will not be applicable until the six-month period ending June
   30, 2021. The amended covenants include borrowings, EBITDA and cash dividend distribution
   limitation related to this facility. The Group was fully in compliance with the amended covenants
   for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021. The Group had repaid RMB179 in 2020 in
   accordance with the agreed repayment schedule. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the
   Group had repaid all the bank borrowings. The weighted average interest rate of borrowings drawn
   under this agreement was 4.75% for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021.


   In January 2021, the Group entered into a twelve-year RMB650 syndicated loan contract
   expiring in December 2032. The special loan is used for the construction project of the Group’s
   headquarters buildings, which was in progress in 2021. The interest rate resets every year,
   and is based on the People’s Bank of China five-year benchmark LPR minus 24 basis points on
   the pricing date. The mortgage ratio covenant is related to this facility and the Group was in
   compliance as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2021, the outstanding loan amount is
   RMB53. The weighted average interest rate of borrowings drawn under this agreement was 4.41%,
   which was fully capitalized for the years ended December 31, 2021.


   CONVERTIBLE SENIOR NOTES DUE 2022
   On November 3, 2017, the Company issued US$475 million of Convertible Senior Notes (the “2022
   Notes”). The 2022 Notes mature on November 1, 2022 and bear interest at a rate of 0.375% per
   annum, payable in arrears semi-annually on May 1 and November 1, beginning May 1, 2018. In
   2017, proceeds to the Company were RMB3,093 (equivalently US$467 million), net of issuance
   costs of RMB54 (equivalently US$8 million).


   Holders of the 2022 Notes have the option to convert their Notes at any time prior to the close of
   business on the second business day immediately preceding the maturity date. The 2022 Notes
   can be converted into the Company’s ADSs at an initial conversion rate of 5.4869, before the
   ADSs split, of the Company’s ADSs per US$1,000 principal amount of the 2022 Notes (equivalent
   to an initial conversion price of US$182.25 per ADS before the ADSs split effected in May 2018).
   The conversion rate is subject to adjustment in some events but is not adjusted for any accrued
   and unpaid interest. In addition, following a make-whole fundamental change (as defined in the
   Indenture) that occur prior to the maturity date or following the Company’s delivery of a notice of
   a tax redemption, the Company will increase the conversion rate for a holder who elects to convert
   its notes in connection with such a corporate event or such tax redemption. During the year ended
   December 31, 2020 and 2021, RMB0.06 and RMB0.04 of the 2022 Notes had been converted into
   202 ADSs and 134 ADSs upon the holders’ request, respectively.


                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021          247
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      9. DEBT (continued)
              CONVERTIBLE SENIOR NOTES DUE 2022 (continued)
              The holders were able to require the Company to repurchase all or portion of the 2022 Notes for
              cash on November 2, 2020, or upon a fundamental change, at a repurchase price equal to 100% of
              the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. During the year ended December 31, 2020
              and 2021, RMB0.04 and nil of the 2022 Notes had been repurchased in cash upon the holders’
              request.


              The conversion option meets the definition of a derivative. However, since the conversion option is
              considered indexed to the Company’s own stock and classified in stockholders’ equity, the scope
              exception is met, accordingly the bifurcation of conversion option from the 2022 Notes is not
              required. There is no beneficial conversion feature (“BCF”) attribute to the 2022 Notes as the set
              conversion prices for the 2022 Notes are greater than the respective fair values of the ordinary
              share price at date of issuance.


              The feature of mandatory redemption upon maturity is clearly and closely related to the debt host
              and this feature is no need to be bifurcated. Furthermore, the Company concluded that the feature
              of contingent put options upon tax events or fundamental changes does not need to be considered
              as an embedded derivative to be bifurcated.


              Therefore, the Company accounted for the 2022 Notes in accordance with ASC 470, as a single
              instrument. Issuance costs related to the 2022 Notes was recorded in consolidated balance sheet
              as a direct deduction from the principal amount of the 2022 Notes, and was amortized over the
              period from November 3, 2017, the date of issuance, to November 1, 2020, the first put date of the
              2022 Notes, using the effective interest method. On December 31, 2019, the Group reclassified
              the 2022 Notes as short-term debt as the 2022 Notes holders have a put option which can be
              exercised within one year. After November 2, 2020, the Group reclassified the 2022 Notes as long-
              term debt as the put option was expired. As of December 31, 2021, the Group reclassified the 2022
              Notes as short-term debt as the 2022 Notes will mature on November 1, 2022.


              ADS LENDING ARRANGEMENT
              Concurrent with the offering of the 2022 Notes, the Company entered into ADS lending agreements
              with the affiliates of the initial purchasers of the 2022 Notes (“ADS Borrowers”), pursuant to which
              the Company lent to the ADS Borrowers 2,606,278 ADSs (the “Loaned ADSs”) at a price equal to
              par, or $0.0004 per ADS before the ADSs split (“ADS lending arrangement”). The purpose of the
              ADS lending arrangements is to facilitate privately negotiated transactions in which the ultimate
              holders of the 2022 Notes may elect to hedge their investment in the related notes. In May 2018,
              the Company changed the ADS to ordinary share ratio from one ADS representing four ordinary
              shares to one ADS representing one ordinary share. Therefore, as of December 31, 2019 2020 and
              2021, the outstanding number of Loaned ADSs was 10,425,112.




248   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                        FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
                                    (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


9. DEBT (continued)
   ADS LENDING ARRANGEMENT (continued)
   The Loaned ADSs must be returned to the Company by the earliest of (a) the maturity date of the
   2022 Notes, November 1, 2022, (b) upon the Company’s election to terminate the ADS lending
   agreement at any time after the later of (x) the date on which the entire principal amount of the
   2022 Notes ceases to be outstanding, and (y) the date on which the entire principal amount of
   any additional convertible securities that the Company has in writing consented to permit the
   ADS Borrower to hedge under the ADS lending agreement ceases to be outstanding, in each case,
   whether as a result of conversion, redemption, repurchase, cancellation or otherwise; and (c) the
   termination of the ADS lending agreement. The Company is not required to make any payment to
   the initial purchasers or ADS Borrower upon the return of the Loaned ADSs. The ADS Borrowers do
   not have the choice or option to pay cash in exchange for the return of the Loaned ADSs.


   No collateral is required to be posted for the Loaned ADSs. The initial purchasers are required to
   remit to the Company any dividends paid to the holders of the Loaned ADSs. An ADS Borrower has
   the ability to vote without restriction. However, the ADS Borrowers have agreed not to vote on the
   Loaned ADSs.


   In accordance with FASB ASC Sub-topic 470-20, the Company has accounted for the ADS lending
   agreement initially at fair value and recognized it as an issuance cost associated with the
   convertible debt offering. As a result, additional debt issuance costs of RMB26 (equivalently US$4
   million) were recorded on the issuance date with a corresponding increase to additional paid-in-
   capital. This debt issuance costs have also been amortized from the date of issuance to the put
   date of Notes, using the effective interest method.


   In accordance with ASC Topic 470-20, although legally issued, the Loaned ADSs are not considered
   outstanding, and then excluded from basic and diluted earnings per share unless default of the
   ADS lending arrangement occurs, at which time the Loaned ADSs would be included in the basic
   and diluted earnings per share calculation. As of December 31, 2021, it is not probable that the
   ADS Borrower or the counterparty to the ADS lending arrangement will default.


   CAPPED CALL OPTIONS
   In connection with the issuance of the 2022 Notes, the Group has entered into capped call option
   transactions with some of the initial purchasers or their affiliates (the “Option Counterparties”)
   to reduce the potential dilution to existing shareholders of the Group upon conversion of the
   2022 Notes. The cap price of the capped call transactions will initially be US$221.31 per ADS
   before the ADSs split, subject to adjustment under the terms of the capped call transactions.
   The total premium paid by the Group for the capped call transactions was RMB177 (equivalently
   US$27 million) on the purchased date. The capped call option is classified in stockholders’ equity,
   recorded at the cost with no subsequent changes in fair value be recorded.




                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021          249
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      9. DEBT (continued)
              CONVERTIBLE SENIOR NOTES DUE 2026
              On May 12, 2020, the Company issued US$450 million Convertible Senior Notes (the “2026 Notes”).
              On May 26, 2020, the Company issued an additional US$50 million in aggregate principal amount
              of the 2026 Notes pursuant to the exercise in full by the initial purchasers of an option to purchase
              additional notes. The 2026 Notes will mature on May 1, 2026 and bear interest at a rate of 3.00%
              per annum, payable in arrears semi-annually on May 1 and November 1 of each year, beginning
              on November 1, 2020. In 2020, proceeds to the Company were RMB3,499 (equivalently US$493
              million), net of issuance costs of RMB49 (equivalently US$7 million).


              Holders of the 2026 Notes have the option to convert their Notes at any time prior to the close of
              business on the second business day immediately preceding the maturity date. The 2026 Notes
              can be converted into the Company’s ADSs at an initial conversion rate of 23.971 of the Company’s
              ADSs per US$1,000 principal amount of the 2026 Notes (equivalent to an initial conversion price
              of US$41.72 per ADS). The conversion rate is subject to adjustment in some events but is not
              adjusted for any accrued and unpaid interest. In addition, following a make-whole fundamental
              change (as defined in the Indenture) that occur prior to the maturity date or following the
              Company’s delivery of a notice of a tax redemption, the Company will increase the conversion rate
              for a holder who elects to convert its notes in connection with such a corporate event or such tax
              redemption.


              The holders may require the Company to repurchase all or portion of the 2026 Notes for cash on
              May 1, 2024, or in the event of certain fundamental changes, at a repurchase price equal to 100%
              of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest.


              The conversion option meets the definition of a derivative. However, since the conversion option is
              considered indexed to the Company’s own stock and classified in stockholders’ equity, the scope
              exception is met, accordingly the bifurcation of conversion option from the 2026 Notes is not
              required. There is no beneficial conversion feature (“BCF”) attribute to the 2026 Notes as the set
              conversion prices for the 2026 Notes are greater than the respective fair values of the ordinary
              share price at date of issuance.


              The feature of mandatory redemption upon maturity is clearly and closely related to the debt
              host and this feature is no need to be bifurcated. Furthermore, the Company concluded that the
              feature of contingent put options upon tax events or fundamental changes does not need to be
              considered as an embedded derivative to be bifurcated. The Company believes that the likelihood
              of occurrence of events considered a fundamental change is remote.


              Therefore, the Company accounted for the 2026 Notes in accordance with ASC 470, as a single
              instrument. Issuance costs related to the 2026 Notes is recorded in consolidated balance sheet as
              a direct deduction from the principal amount of the 2026 Notes, and is amortized over the period
              from May 12, 2020, the date of issuance, to May 1, 2024, the first put date of the 2026 Notes,
              using the effective interest method.




250   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                        FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
                                    (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


9. DEBT (continued)
   FF&E LIABILITY
   The Group entered into several contracts with lessors to install furniture, fixtures and equipment
   (“FF&E”) in various leased hotels prior to the respective commencement date. Those transactions
   are classified as “failed” sale and leaseback transactions, as the control of the furniture, fixtures
   and equipment does not transfer to the lessor. Consequently, the received consideration from the
   lessor is accounted for as a liability. The current portion and non-current portion of FF&E liability
   are recorded in short-term debt and long-term debt, respectively.


   DEBT MATURITIES
   The contractual maturities of the Group’s debt as of December 31, 2021 were as follows:


                                                                                                       Principle
   Year Ending December 31,                                                                            Amounts
   2022                                                                                                    6,232
   2023                                                                                                      111
   2024                                                                                                    3,314
   2025                                                                                                        71
   2026                                                                                                        23
   Thereafter                                                                                                  76
   Total                                                                                                   9,827


10. ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT
    LIABILITIES
                                                                                   As of December 31,
                                                                                       2020                 2021

   Payable to franchisees                                                              1,349                 710
   Other payables                                                                        535                 535
   Accrued rental, utilities and other accrued expenses                                  245                 209
   Liabilities related to customer loyalty program                                       111                 135
   Value-added tax, other tax and surcharge payables                                     124                 132
   Payable to noncontrolling interest holders                                             76                 117
   Total                                                                               2,440               1,838


   Payable to franchisees mainly represents room charges received on behalf of franchisees and are
   payable within one year. From time to time, the Group receives cash advances from noncontrolling
   interest holders of entities that are not wholly owned by the Group. Such advances are non-
   interest bearing and are payable within one year.




                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021          251
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      11. HOTEL OPERATING COSTS
              Hotel operating costs include all direct costs incurred in the operation of the leased and owned
              hotels, manachised and franchised hotels and consist of the following:


                                                                                     Years Ended December 31,
                                                                                    2019          2020           2021

              Rents                                                                2,624          3,485          3,900
              Utilities                                                                  404       478            507
              Personnel costs                                                      1,854          2,501          3,022
              Depreciation and amortization                                              960      1,316          1,413
              Consumable, food and beverage                                              793       885            969
              Others                                                                     555      1,064          1,471
              Total                                                                7,190          9,729         11,282


      12. PRE-OPENING EXPENSES
              The Group expenses all costs incurred in connection with start-up activities, including pre-
              operating costs associated with new hotel facilities and costs incurred with the formation of the
              subsidiaries, such as organization costs. Pre-opening expenses primarily include rental expenses
              and employee costs incurred during the hotel pre-opening period.


                                                                                     Years Ended December 31,
                                                                                    2019          2020           2021

              Rents                                                                      460       251             68
              Personnel costs                                                             14         15             5
              Others                                                                      28         22             8
              Total                                                                      502       288             81




252   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                    CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                       FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
                                   (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


13. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION
  In February 2007, the Group adopted the 2007 Global Share Plan which allows the Group to offer
  incentive awards to employees, officers, directors and consultants or advisors (the “Participants”).
  Under the 2007 Global Share Plan, the Group may issue incentive awards to the Participants to
  purchase not more than 100,000,000 ordinary shares. In June 2007, the Group adopted the 2008
  Global Share Plan which allows the Group to offer incentive awards to Participants to purchase
  up to 30,000,000 ordinary shares. In October 2008, the Group increased the maximum number of
  incentive awards available under the 2008 Global Share Plan to 70,000,000. In September 2009,
  the Group adopted the 2009 Share Incentive Plan which allows the Group to offer incentive awards
  to Participants. Under the 2009 Share Incentive Plan, the Group may issue incentive awards to
  purchase up to 30,000,000 ordinary shares. In August 2010, the Group increased the maximum
  number of incentive awards available under the 2009 Share Incentive Plan to 150,000,000. In
  March 2015, the Group increased the maximum number of incentive awards available under the
  2009 Share Incentive Plan to 430,000,000. The 2007 and 2008 Global Share Plans and 2009 Share
  Incentive Plan (collectively, the “Incentive Award Plans”) contain the same terms and conditions.
  The incentive awards granted under the Incentive Award Plans typically have a maximum life of
  ten years and vest in typical ways as listed below:


  a.)   Vest 50% on the second anniversary of the stated vesting commencement date with the
        remaining 50% vesting ratably over the following two years;


  b.)   Vest over a period of ten years in equal yearly installments;


  As of December 31, 2021, the Group had granted 245,776,690 options and 243,059,070 nonvested
  restricted stocks, which were subject to adjustment on performance condition.


  SHARE OPTIONS
  No share options were granted during the years 2019, 2020 and 2021.


  As of December 31, 2021, total unrecognized compensation expense related to the option
  arrangements was nil.


  During the years ended December 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021, 10,883,580, 466,320 and nil options
  were exercised with an aggregate intrinsic value of RMB255, RMB11 and nil, respectively.




                                                                     Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021          253
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      13. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (continued)
              NONVESTED RESTRICTED STOCKS
              The fair value of nonvested restricted stock with service conditions or performance conditions is
              based on the fair market value of the underlying ordinary shares on the date of grant.


              In 2019, 2020 and 2021, the Group granted 2,217,120, nil and nil nonvested restricted stocks,
              respectively to senior officers and managers, each was in ten tranches with performance
              conditions. Each tranche is accounted for as a separate award with the same grant date, its
              own service inception date and requisite service period. The share-based compensation cost is
              recognized for each vesting tranche during the respective service period based on the estimated
              performance conditions at the service inception date. The Group reassesses the performance
              condition at each reporting period for true up. For each tranche, 50% vests on the second
              anniversary of the vesting commencement date with the remaining 50% vesting ratably over the
              following two years.


              The following table summarized the Group’s nonvested restricted stock activities in 2021.


                                                                                          Number of      Weighted
                                                                                          Restricted      Average
                                                                                             Stocks     Grant Date
                                                                                                        Fair Value
                                                                                                              US$

              Nonvested restricted stocks outstanding at
                January 1, 2021                                                          70,954,080           1.18
              Granted                                                                     2,163,420           4.20
              Forfeited                                                                   (4,607,340)         1.64
              Vested                                                                     (12,325,470)         1.58
              Adjusted for performance conditions                                         (2,488,200)         0.61
              Nonvested restricted stocks outstanding at
                December 31, 2021                                                        53,696,490           1.20


              As of December 31, 2021, there was RMB355 in unrecognized compensation costs, net of
              estimated forfeitures, related to unvested restricted stocks, which is expected to be recognized
              over a weighted-average period of 3.30 years.


              The total fair value of nonvested restricted stocks vested in 2019, 2020 and 2021 was RMB443,
              RMB368 and RMB389, respectively.




254   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                       CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                             FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
                                         (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


14. EARNINGS (LOSSES) PER SHARE
   The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings (losses) per share for
   the years indicated:
                                                                         Years Ended December 31,
                                                                        2019                 2020                2021

   Net income (loss) attributable to ordinary
     shareholders – basic                                               1,769              (2,192)                (465)
   Eliminate the dilutive effect of interest expense of
     convertible senior notes                                              40                    –                   –
   Net income attributable to ordinary shareholders
     – diluted                                                          1,809              (2,192)                (465)

   Weighted average ordinary shares outstanding
     – basic                                                  2,843,051,378        2,927,398,409       3,114,124,244
   Incremental weighted-average ordinary shares from
     assumed exercise of share options and nonvested
     restricted stocks using the treasury stock method            93,975,271                     –                   –
   Dilutive effect of convertible senior notes                  106,072,250                      –                   –
   Weighted average ordinary shares outstanding
     – diluted                                                3,043,098,899        2,927,398,409       3,114,124,244

   Basic earnings (losses) per share                                     0.62                (0.75)              (0.15)

   Diluted earnings (losses) per share                                   0.59                (0.75)              (0.15)


   For the years ended December 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021, the Group had securities which could
   potentially dilute basic earnings per share in the future, but which were excluded from the
   computation of diluted earnings per share as their effects would have been anti-dilutive. Such
   outstanding securities consist of the following at non-weighted basis:


                                                                         As of Ended December 31,
                                                                        2019                2020                 2021

   Outstanding employee options and nonvested
     restricted stocks                                                      –        70,954,080          53,696,490
   Shares of convertible senior notes                                       –      226,827,410          226,827,410
   Total                                                                    –      297,781,490          280,523,900




                                                                           Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021          255
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      15. CASH DIVIDEND
              In November 2019, the Group approved a cash dividend in the total amount of approximately
              US$100 million on its outstanding shares as of the close of trading on January 10, 2020. Such
              dividend of RMB678 was recorded as dividends payable as of December 31, 2019, and fully paid in
              February 2020.


              The Group did not declare cash dividend to its shareholders in 2020 and 2021.


              On March 03, 2022, the Group approved and declared a cash dividend of US$0.021 per ordinary
              share on its outstanding shares as of the close of trading on March 24, 2022. Such dividend of
              US$68 million was fully paid in April 2022.


      16. LEASES
              The Group’s leases mainly related to building and the rights to use the land. The total expense
              related to short-term leases were insignificant for period of 2019, 2020 and 2021, and sublease
              income of the Group which is recognized in revenues in the consolidated statements of
              comprehensive income were RMB121, RMB112 and RMB134 for the years ended December 31,
              2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively. The Group recognizes a negative lease expense of RMB250 and
              RMB88 for 2020 and 2021 under the relief as the Group elects using the variable lease expense
              approach.


              A summary of supplemental information related to operating leases in 2020 and 2021 is as
              follows:


                                                                                         Years Ended December 31,
                                                                                               2020           2021

              Lease cost:
              Operating fixed lease cost                                                      3,964          4,074
              Finance lease cost
                – Amortization of ROU assets                                                     74             79
                – Interest on lease liabilities                                                  90             96
              Short term lease cost                                                               0                 0
              Operating variable lease cost                                                    (171)            (25)
              Total lease cost                                                                3,957          4,224

              Other information:
              Weighted average remaining lease term
              Operating leases                                                              14 years       13 years
              Finance leases                                                                29 years       28 years
              Weighted average discount rate
              Operating leases                                                                6.23%          6.31%
              Finance leases                                                                  3.96%          3.97%




256   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                    CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                        FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
                                    (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


16. LEASES (continued)
   Lease expense for all the Group’s leases (including fixed lease cost, variable lease cost and short-
   term lease cost) for the year ended December 31, 2019 were RMB3,104.

   As of December 31, 2021, the maturities of lease liabilities in accordance with ASC 842 in each of
   the next five years and thereafter are as follows:

                                                                                     Total                 Total
                                                                                 Operating              Finance
   Year Ending December 31,                                                        Leases                Leases
   2022                                                                               4,055                  140
   2023                                                                               4,066                  155
   2024                                                                               4,037                  157
   2025                                                                               3,871                  157
   2026                                                                               3,655                  158
   Thereafter                                                                        26,035                3,824
   Total minimum lease payments                                                      45,719                4,591
   Less: amount representing interest                                                14,079                1,866
   Present value of minimum lease payments                                           31,640                2,725


   As of December 31, 2021, the Group has entered 32 lease contracts that the Group expects to
   account for as operating or finance leases, the future undiscounted lease payments for these
   non-cancellable lease contracts are RMB8,732, which is not reflected in the consolidated balance
   sheets.

   As of December 31, 2020, the maturities of lease liabilities in accordance with ASC 842 in each of
   the next five years and thereafter were as follows:



                                                                                     Total                 Total
                                                                                 Operating              Finance
   Year Ending December 31,                                                        Leases                Leases
   2021                                                                               3,858                  129
   2022                                                                               3,826                  144
   2023                                                                               3,733                  146
   2024                                                                               3,660                  147
   2025                                                                               3,466                  147
   Thereafter                                                                        25,730                3,575
   Total minimum lease payments                                                      44,273                4,288
   Less: amount representing interest                                                13,819                1,760
   Present value of minimum lease payments                                           30,454                2,528


   As of December 31, 2020, the Group has entered 31 lease contracts that the Group expects to
   account for as operating or finance leases, the future undiscounted lease payments for these
   non-cancellable lease contracts are RMB8,511, which is not reflected in the consolidated balance
   sheets.


                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021          257
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      17. INCOME TAXES
              The Group is subject to different income tax rates in various countries and jurisdictions under
              laws and relevant interpretations depending on the place of formation. Under the current laws
              of Germany, companies are subject to income tax at a standard rate of 15% (15.825% including
              solidarity surcharge), plus municipal trade tax of 7%-17%. The income tax rates in other countries
              and jurisdictions are of little effect on the financial statements. In other major jurisdictions,
              including Austria, Netherlands and Belgium, the Group is subject to a range from 9% to 25% of the
              statutory income tax rate, respectively.

              Under the Law of the People’s Republic of China on Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT Law”), which was
              effective from January 1, 2008, domestically-owned enterprises and foreign-invested enterprises
              are subject to a uniform tax rate of 25%, and the industries and projects that are encouraged and
              supported by the State may enjoy tax preferential treatment. Jizhu Information and Technology
              (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (“Jizhu Shanghai”), which once called Mengguang Information and Technology
              (Shanghai) Co., Ltd, is a recognized software development entity located in Shanghai of PRC. In
              November 2018, Jizhu Shanghai was qualified as high and new tech enterprise, resulting Jizhu
              Shanghai subject to a reduced tax rate of 15% in 2018, 2019 and 2020. In December 2021, Jizhu
              Shanghai was qualified as high and new tech enterprise, resulting Jizhu Shanghai subject to a
              reduced tax rate of 15% in 2021, 2022 and 2023. H-World Information and Technology Co., Ltd.
              is qualified as high and new tech enterprise, resulting H-World Information and Technology
              Co., Ltd. subject to a reduced tax rate of 15% in 2019, 2020 and 2021. Pursuant to the relevant
              regulations applicable to small and micro businesses, from January 1, 2019 to December 31,
              2021, several PRC subsidiaries enjoy a preferential tax rate of 20% with a discount to taxable
              income. For taxable income less than RMB1, 75% of the taxable income would be exempted in tax
              computation, and for taxable income over RMB1 but less than RMB3, the discount would be 50%.
              Entities qualified as small and micro businesses shall be engaged in industries not restricted or
              prohibited by the state, which simultaneously meet the following three conditions: annual taxable
              income does not exceed RMB3, the number of employees does not exceed 300, and the total
              assets does not exceed RMB50.

              Income (loss) before income taxes consists of:

                                                                                     Years Ended December 31,
                                                                                    2019          2020          2021
              PRC including Hong Kong and Taiwan                                   2,334           (392)         617
              Germany                                                                  –         (1,606)        (632)
              Other                                                                  231           (281)        (393)
              Total                                                                2,565         (2,279)        (408)


              Income tax expense (benefit) is comprised of the following:

                                                                                     Years Ended December 31,
                                                                                    2019          2020          2021
              Current Tax                                                                678        338          555
              Deferred Tax                                                               (38)      (553)        (543)
              Total                                                                      640       (215)          12



258   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                        CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                         FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
                                     (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


17. INCOME TAXES (continued)
   A reconciliation between the effective income tax rate and the PRC statutory income tax rate is as
   follows:


                                                                     Years Ended December 31,
                                                                    2019                2020                 2021

   PRC statutory tax rate                                           25%                  25%                 25%
   Tax effect of non-deductible expenses and
     non-taxable income in determining taxable
     profit                                                         (3)%                 (6)%                (6)%
   Effect of different tax rate of group entities
     operating in other jurisdictions                                 1%                 (2)%                (6)%
   Effect of change in valuation allowance                            2%               (10)%                (24)%
   Effect of tax holiday                                            (2)%                  1%                   9%
   Effect of cash dividends                                           4%                  0%                 (8)%
   Effect of excess tax benefit of
     share-based rewards                                            (2)%                  1%                   7%
   Effective tax rate                                               25%                   9%                 (3)%


   The aggregate amount and per share effect of the tax holidays are as follows:


                                                                     Years Ended December 31,
                                                                    2019                2020                 2021

   Aggregate amount                                                    45                  31                   37
   Per share effect – basic                                          0.02                0.01                0.01
   Per share effect – diluted                                        0.01                0.01                0.01




                                                                       Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021          259
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      17. INCOME TAXES (continued)
              The principal components of the Group’s deferred income tax assets and liabilities as of December
              31, 2020 and 2021 are as follows:


                                                                                         As of December 31,
                                                                                            2020              2021

              Deferred tax assets:
                Net loss carryforward                                                        888              1,271
                Deferred revenue                                                             283               326
                Long-term assets                                                             388               238
                Bad debt provision                                                            18                40
                Accrued payroll                                                               69                45
                Other accrued expenses                                                         3                  3
                Share-based compensation                                                      31                29
                Others                                                                        12               150
                Valuation allowance                                                         (369)              (466)
                Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance                      1,323              1,636

              Deferred tax liabilities:
                Fair value adjustment for Building, land use rights and
                   identified intangible assets due to acquisition                         1,782              1,596
                Others                                                                        99                31
                Total deferred tax liabilities                                             1,881              1,627

              Net deferred tax (liabilities) assets                                         (558)                 9
                Analysis as:
                Deferred tax assets                                                          623               862
                Deferred tax liabilities                                                   1,181               853
              Net deferred tax (liabilities) assets                                         (558)                 9


              Deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset where the Group has a legally enforceable
              right to do so, and intends to settle on a net basis.




260   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                         FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
                                     (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


17. INCOME TAXES (continued)
   The Group considers positive and negative evidence to determine whether some portion or all of
   the deferred tax assets will more likely than not be realized. This assessment considers, among
   other matters, the nature, frequency and severity of recent losses, forecasts of future profitability,
   the duration of statutory carryforward periods, the Group’s experience with tax attributes expiring
   unused and tax planning alternatives. Valuation allowances have been established for deferred
   tax assets based on a more likely than not threshold. The Group’s ability to realize deferred tax
   assets depends on its ability to generate sufficient taxable income within the carryforward periods
   provided for in the tax law. Movement of the valuation allowance is as follows:


                                                                     Years Ended December 31,
                                                                    2019                2020                 2021

   Balance at the beginning of the year                             (107)                (152)               (369)
   Provided                                                           (79)               (249)               (151)
   Reversed                                                            24                  32                   37
   Written off                                                         10                    –                  17
   Balance at the end of the year                                   (152)                (369)               (466)


   As of December 31, 2021, the Group’s PRC subsidiaries had tax loss carryforwards of RMB2,115,
   which will expire between 2022 and 2026 if not used, and RMB1,532, which will expire between
   2022 and 2028 if not used. The Germany Companies had tax loss carry forwards of RMB1,192,
   which can be offset in the future without anytime restriction.


   The Group determines whether or not a tax position is “more-likely-than-not” of being sustained
   upon audit based solely on the technical merits of the position. At December 31, 2020 and 2021,
   the Group had recorded liabilities for uncertain tax benefit of approximately RMB50 and RMB60
   mainly associated with the interests on intercompany loans and other permanent differences
   related to Corporate Income and Trade Taxes, respectively. No interest or penalty expense was
   recorded for the years ended December 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021. In 2022, the Group will decrease
   its income tax liability by RMB0.1 for unrecognized tax benefits previously recorded in 2012 as the
   statute of limitations for the tax liabilities of certain tax positions will expire under the PRC Tax
   Administration and Collection Law.


                                                                     Years Ended December 31,
                                                                    2019                2020                 2021

   Balance at January 1                                                14                  18                   50
   Addition for tax positions                                           4                  32                   10
   Balance at December 31                                              18                  50                   60




                                                                       Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021          261
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      17. INCOME TAXES (continued)
              In accordance with the EIT Law, dividends, which arise from profits of foreign invested enterprises
              (“FIEs”) earned after January 1, 2008, are subject to a 10% withholding income tax. If there is a
              favorable tax treaty between mainland China and the jurisdiction of the foreign holding company,
              the income tax rate may be reduced. For example, holding companies in Hong Kong that are
              also tax residents in Hong Kong are eligible for a 5% withholding tax on dividends under the Tax
              Memorandum between China and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region if the holding
              company is the beneficial owner of the dividends and holds more than 25% of the PRC company.
              Under applicable accounting principles, a deferred tax liability should be recorded for taxable
              temporary differences attributable to the excess of financial reporting basis over tax basis in a
              domestic subsidiary. In 2018, the Group revised its dividend policy that it may make a moderate
              dividend distribution every year with the range of 0.5% to 2.0% of its market capitalization
              from current year net income starting from 2018. The Group’s board of directors has complete
              discretion in deciding whether to distribute dividends and the dividend amounts within the
              approved range. The Group was restricted from distributing cash dividends until June 30, 2021
              pursuant to the waiver from certain financial covenants that the Group obtained on April 17,
              2020 for the syndicated bank loans and therefore did not accrue PRC dividend withholding tax in
              2020. In March 2022, the Group announced that its board of directors declared a cash dividend
              of approximately US$68 million. To facilitate this dividend distribution and meet the oversea
              treasury demand, certain amount of dividends from the Group’s PRC subsidiaries to its oversea
              subsidiaries was planned. PRC dividend withholding tax of RMB32 was accrued as of December
              31, 2021. Other than these dividends distributions, the Group intends to indefinitely reinvest the
              remaining undistributed earnings of RMB3,763 of the Group’s PRC subsidiaries, and therefore, no
              additional provision for PRC dividend withholding tax was accrued.

              According to the PRC Tax Administration and Collection Law, the statute of limitations is three
              years if the underpayment of income taxes is due to computational errors made by the taxpayer.
              The statute of limitations will be extended to five years under special circumstances, which are
              not clearly defined, but an underpayment of income tax liability exceeding RMB0.1 is specifically
              listed as a special circumstance. In the case of a transfer pricing related adjustment, the statute
              of limitations is ten years. There is no statute of limitations in the case of tax evasion. The Group’s
              PRC subsidiaries are therefore subject to examination by the PRC tax authorities from 2017
              through 2021 on non-transfer pricing matters, and from 2012 through 2021 on transfer pricing
              matters. Generally, the statute of limitations for the assessment and collection of taxes is four
              years. The four-year period usually starts at the end of the year in which the tax return is filed.
              If no tax return is filed, the statute of limitations starts with the end of the third year following
              the year in which the tax arose. Extended limitations of 5 and 10 years will apply in the event of
              tax evasion or tax fraud. The statute of limitations may be suspended for a variety of reasons,
              for example, appeal of assessment by taxpayers, announcement or start of a tax audit, obvious
              mistake in tax assessment, etc.

              According to the German General Fiscal Code, the statute of limitations for the assessment and
              collection of taxes is four years. The four-year period usually starts at the end of the year in which
              the tax return is filed. If no tax return is filed, the statute of limitations starts with the end of the
              third year following the year in which the tax arose. Extended limitations of 5 and 10 years will
              apply in the event of tax evasion or tax fraud. The statute of limitations may be suspended for a
              variety of reasons, for example, appeal of assessment by taxpayers, announcement or start of a
              tax audit, obvious mistake in tax assessment, etc.



262   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
                                  (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


18. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS
   A.   DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS
        Retirement benefit obligation result all from the German pension plan after the completion
        of the acquisition of DH as this pension plan is the most significant defined benefit plan in
        the Group.


        The Group is required to recognize the funded status of the pension plan, which is the
        difference between the fair value of plan assets and projected benefit obligations, in the
        consolidated balance sheets and make corresponding adjustments for changes in the value
        through accumulated other comprehensive income(loss), net of taxes.


        The following table presents the projected benefit obligation, fair value of plan assets,
        funded status and accumulated benefit obligation for the plans during the years ended
        December 31, 2020 and 2021:


                                                                         Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                 2020                     2021

        Change in Projected Benefit Obligation:
        Begin of the year                                                          147                     193
        Current service cost                                                          5                       5
        Interest cost                                                                 1                       0
        Contributions by plan participants                                            1                       1
        Actuarial loss (gain)                                                       38                      (14)
        Foreign currency translation                                                  3                     (19)
        Benefits paid                                                                (7)                     (9)
        Settlements                                                                  (1)                      –
        Administrative Expenses, Taxes and Premiums
          Paid                                                                        0                       0
        Curtailments                                                                 (1)                      –
        Acquisitions                                                                  –                       0
        Effect of other economic events                                               7                       –
        End of the year                                                            193                     157




                                                                    Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021          263
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      18. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS (continued)
              A.      DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (continued)
                                                                                         Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                              2020                 2021

                      Change in Plan Assets:
                      Begin of the year                                                          32                   6
                      Actual return (loss) on plan assets                                        (2)                  0
                      Foreign currency translation                                                1                  (0)
                      Employer contributions                                                      9                   1
                      Employee contributions                                                      1                   0
                      Benefits paid                                                              (8)                 (2)
                      Acquisitions                                                                –                   0
                      Other economic events                                                     (27)                 –
                      End of the year                                                             6                   5

                      Excess of defined benefit obligation over the
                         fair value of plan assets                                              187                 152
                      Accumulated benefit obligation                                            193                 157


                      Amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets consisted of the following:


                                                                                           As of December 31,
                                                                                              2020                 2021

                      Salary and welfare payables                                                 8                   8
                      Retirement benefit obligation                                             179                 144
                      Liability in the balance sheet                                            187                 152


                      The net amount recognized in accumulated other comprehensive gain or loss was RMB27
                      loss and RMB13 gain for the year ended December 31, 2020 and 2021, respectively.


                      The net periodic pension cost (credit) and the estimated unrecognized prior service cost
                      and net loss that will be amortized into net periodic pension cost (credit) during the years
                      ended December 31, 2020 and 2021 is immaterial.




264   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                       FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
                                   (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


18. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS (continued)
   A.   DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (continued)
        The principal actuarial assumptions used were as follows:


                                                                              As of December 31,
                                                                                  2020                     2021

        Discount rate – Germany                                                 0.33%                    0.89%
        Discount rate – other                                    1
                                                                                0.12%                    0.39%
        Inflation rate                                                          1.00%                    1.00%
        Future salary increases                                                 1.50%                    2.17%
        Future pension increases                                                1.80%                    1.69%


        The investment objectives for the various plans are preservation of capital, current income
        and long-term growth of capital. All plan assets are managed by outside investment
        managers. Asset allocations are reviewed periodically by the investment managers.


        Expected long-term returns on plan assets are determined using historical performance
        for debt and equity securities held by the Group’s plans, actual performance of plan assets
        and current and expected market conditions. Expected returns are formulated based on
        the target asset allocation. The target asset allocation for the plan, as a percentage of
        total plan assets, as of December 31, 2021 was 26 percent in funds that invest in equity
        securities and 29 percent in funds that invest in debt securities.


        The following tables present the fair value hierarchy of total plan assets measured at fair
        value by asset category as of December 31, 2020 and 2021:


                                                                              As of December 31,
                                                                                  2020                     2021

        Level 1
          Equity funds                                                                 1                       1
          Bond funds                                                                   2                       2
          Property                                                                     2                       1
          Other                                                                        1                       1
        Total                                                                          6                       5




                                                                     Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021          265
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      18. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS (continued)
              A.      DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (continued)
                      The Group expect to contribute approximately RMB1 to the plan in 2022.


                      As of December 31, 2021, the benefits expected to be paid in the year ended December 31,
                      2022 are RMB9.


              B.      DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PLANS
                      Full time employees of the Group in the PRC participate in a government-mandated defined
                      contribution plan pursuant to which certain pension benefits, medical care, unemployment
                      insurance, employee housing fund and other welfare benefits are provided to employees.
                      PRC labor regulations require the Group to accrue for these benefits based on a certain
                      percentage of the employees’ salaries. The total contribution for such employee benefits
                      were RMB413, RMB283 and RMB544 for the years ended December 31, 2019, 2020 and
                      2021, respectively. The Group has no ongoing obligation to its employees subsequent to
                      its contribution to the PRC plan. In an attempt to mitigate the adverse financial effects of
                      the COVID-19 pandemic on employers, the Chinese Government had announced temporary
                      reductions in, and exemptions from, the payment of contributions in 2020. The supportive
                      policies have been gradually reduced in 2021.


                      Furthermore, the Group pays contribution to governmental and private pension insurance
                      organizations based on legal regulations in some countries out of China. The contributions
                      are recognized as expense and amount RMB129 and RMB55 for the years ended December
                      31, 2020 and 2021.




266   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                        FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
                                    (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


19. RESTRICTED NET ASSETS
   Pursuant to laws applicable to entities incorporated in the PRC, the subsidiaries of the Group
   in the PRC must make appropriations from after-tax profit to non-distributable reserve funds.
   These reserve funds include one or more of the following: (i) a general reserve, (ii) an enterprise
   expansion fund and (iii) a staff bonus and welfare fund. Subject to certain cumulative limits, the
   general reserve fund requires annual appropriation of 10% of after tax profit (as determined
   under accounting principles generally accepted in the PRC at each year-end) until the
   accumulative amount of such reserve fund reaches 50% of their registered capital; the other
   fund appropriations are at the subsidiaries’ discretion. These reserve funds can only be used for
   specific purposes of offsetting future losses, enterprise expansion and staff bonus and welfare
   and are not distributable as cash dividends and amounted to RMB604, RMB771 and RMB826
   as of December 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively. In addition, due to restrictions on the
   distribution of share capital from the Group’s PRC subsidiaries, the PRC subsidiaries share capital
   of RMB2,852 at December 31, 2021 is considered restricted. As a result of these PRC laws and
   regulations, as of December 31, 2021, approximately RMB3,678 is not available for distribution to
   the Group by its PRC subsidiaries in the form of dividends, loans or advances.


   Pursuant to laws applicable to entities incorporated in the Europe, certain subsidiaries of the
   Group must make appropriations from after-tax profit to non-distributable reserve funds. These
   reserve funds include general reserve which is not distributable as cash dividends or other cash
   disbursements and amounted to RMB11 as of December 31, 2021. In addition, due to restrictions
   on the distribution of share capital from the Deutsche Hospitality and its subsidiaries, the share
   capital of RMB4 at December 31, 2021 is considered restricted.




                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021          267
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      20. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES
              Parties are considered to be related if one party has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control
              the other party or exercise significant influence over the other party in making financial and
              operational decisions. Parties are also considered to be related if they are subject to common
              control or common significant influence. Related parties may be individuals or corporate entities.


              The following entities are considered to be related parties to the Group. The related parties mainly
              act as service providers and service recipients to the Group. The Group is not obligated to provide
              any type of financial support to these related parties.


              Related Party                                Nature of the Party               Relationship with the Group

              Trip.com Group Limited (“Trip.com”)          Online travel services provider   Mr. Qi Ji is a director
              Sheen Star Group Limited (“Sheen Star”)      Investment holding company        Equity method investee of the Group,
                                                                                               controlled by Mr. Qi Ji
              Accor Hotels (“Accor”)                       Hotel Group                       Shareholder of the Group
              China Cjia Group Limited (“Cjia Group”)      Apartment Management Group Equity method investee of the Group
              Shanghai CREATER Industrial Co., Ltd.        Staged office space company       Equity method investee of the Group
                (“CREATER”)
              Shanghai Zhuchuang Enterprise                Staged office space company       Equity method investee of the Group
                Management Co., Ltd. (“Zhuchuang”)
              China Hospitality JV, Ltd. (“China           Property management company Equity method investee of the Group
                Hospitality JV”)
              Smart Lodging Group (Cayman) Limited         Hotel chain                       Equity method investee of the Group
                (“Smart Lodging”)
              Shanghai Lianquan Hotel Management           Hotel management company          Equity method investee of the Group
                Co., Ltd. (“Lianquan”)
              Suzhou Huali Jinshi Construction             Building decoration company       Equity method investee of the Group
                Decoration Co., Ltd. (“Huali Jinshi”)
              Shenzhen Hitone Investment Fund              Fund                              Equity method investee of the Group
                Partnership (LLP) (“Hitone”)

              CREATER ceased to be related parties of the Group from August 2019.


              Accor ceased to be related parties of the Group from December 2021.




268   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
                                  (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


20. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES
    (continued)
   (A)   RELATED PARTY BALANCES
         Amounts due from related parties were mainly comprised of shareholder loans to Sheen
         Star, Cjia Group, Zhuchuang and Lianquan, which are short-term in nature and mainly
         payable on demand, service fee and room charges withheld by Trip.com. As the Group
         adopted ASU 2016-13 on January 1, 2020 utilizing the modified retrospective approach, the
         Group recorded credit losses of RMB18 and RMB17 for the years ended December 31, 2020
         and 2021.


                                                                                 As of December 31,
                                                                                     2020                 2021

         Sheen Star                                                                     52                   33
         Zhuchuang                                                                      27                   27
         Trip.com                                                                       22                   17
         Cjia Group                                                                     22                   29
         Accor                                                                            1                   –
         Lianquan                                                                       58                   49
         Others                                                                         14                   12
         Allowance for expected credit losses                                          (18)                 (17)
         Total                                                                         178                 150


         Amounts due to related parties were mainly comprised of payables for brand use fee,
         reservation fee and other service fee to Trip.com and Accor, acquisition consideration,
         consultation fee to and cash received on behalf of Cjia Group and payables for construction
         service fee to Huali Jinshi, which are short-term in nature and payable on demand.


                                                                                 As of December 31,
                                                                                     2020                 2021

         Trip.com                                                                       48                   44
         Accor                                                                            8                   –
         Cjia Group                                                                     42                 101
         Huali Jinshi                                                                   29                   47
         Others                                                                           5                   5
         Total                                                                         132                 197




                                                                    Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021          269
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


      20. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES
          (continued)
              (B)     RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
                      During the years ended December 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021, significant related party
                      transactions were as follows:


                                                                                     Years Ended December 31,
                                                                                    2019          2020          2021

                      Commission expenses to Trip.com                                    72          78           99
                      Lease expenses to Trip.com                                         18          18           19
                      Lease expenses to Cjia Group                                       –            –           12
                      Service fee to Huali Jinshi                                        99          41           42
                      Service fee to Cjia Group                                           6          17           –
                      Brand use fee, reservation fee and other
                         related service fee to Accor                                    28          17           22
                      Goods sold and service provided
                         to Cjia Group                                                   21          18           11
                      Early termination compensation
                         of sublease to Cjia Group                                       –            8           –
                      Loan payment to Smart Lodging                                      30           –           –
                      Loan payment to Lianquan                                           32           –           –
                      Loan payment to Hitone                                             –            –            5
                      Service fee from Trip.com                                          41          66           62
                      Service fee from Accor                                              9           3            3
                      Service fee from China Hospitality JV                               6           1            2
                      Service fee from Sheen Star                                         4           4            5
                      Sublease income from Lianquan                                       7          12           10
                      Sublease income from Cjia Group                                    14           9            6
                      Early termination compensation of
                         franchise agreement from China
                         Hospitality JV                                                  –           26           –
                      Purchase of property and equipment
                         from Cjia Group                                                 –           11           –
                      Interest income from Sheen Star                                     8           1            0
                      Interest income from CREATER                                        6           –           –
                      Business acquisition of CitiGO
                         from Cjia Group                                                 –            –          783
                      Business acquisition of one individual
                         company from Cjia Group                                         –            –           51




270   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                  CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                        FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021
                                    (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


21. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
  (A)   COMMITMENTS
        As of December 31, 2021, the Group’s commitments related to leasehold improvements
        and installation of equipment for hotel operations was RMB413, which is expected to be
        incurred within one year.


  (B)   CONTINGENCIES
        The Group is subject to periodic legal or administrative proceedings in the ordinary
        course of the Group’s business, including lease contract terminations and disputes, and
        management agreement disputes. The Group does not believe that any currently pending
        legal or administrative proceeding to which the Group is a party will have a material adverse
        effect on the financial statements. As of December 31, 2021, the accrued contingent
        liability was RMB54.




                                                                      Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021          271
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      ADDITIONAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION – FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULE I


      FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR PARENT COMPANY
      BALANCE SHEETS
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                         As of December 31,
                                                                    2020             2021            2021
                                                                                               US$’million
                                                                                                  (Note 2)

      Assets
      Current assets:
        Cash and cash equivalents                                   1,892                581           91
        Short-term investments                                         51                 81           13
        Other current assets                                           16                  1            0
        Total current assets                                        1,959                663          104
      Investment in subsidiaries                                   16,103          16,928           2,656
      Total assets                                                 18,062          17,591           2,760

      Liabilities and equity
      Current liabilities:
        Short-term debt                                                 –           3,028             475
        Amount due to subsidiaries                                    273                257           40
        Accrued expenses and other current liabilities                141                213           34
        Total current liabilities                                     414           3,498             549
      Long-term debt                                                6,318           3,158             496
      Total liabilities                                             6,732           6,656           1,045

      Equity:
        Ordinary shares (US$0.00001 par value per share;
           80,000,000,000 shares authorized; 3,243,644,440
           and 3,255,971,250 shares issued as of
           December 31, 2020 and 2021, and 3,108,425,680
           and 3,120,746,090 shares outstanding as of
           December 31, 2020 and 2021, respectively)                    0                  0            0
        Treasury shares (30,967,640 and 30,974,040 shares
           as of December 31, 2020 and 2021, respectively)           (107)           (107)            (17)
        Additional paid-in capital                                  9,808           9,964           1,563
        Retained earnings                                           1,502           1,037             163
        Accumulated other comprehensive income                        127                 41            6
      Total equity                                                 11,330          10,935           1,715
      Total liabilities and equity                                 18,062          17,591           2,760




272   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                         CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
ADDITIONAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION – FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULE I



 FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR PARENT COMPANY
 STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
 (Renminbi in millions, unless otherwise stated)


                                                            Years Ended December 31,
                                                   2019           2020           2021            2021
                                                                                           US$’million
                                                                                              (Note 2)

 Operating costs and expenses:
 General and administrative expenses                115            155             110              17
 Total operating costs and expenses                 115            155             110              17
 Loss from operations                               (115)          (155)          (110)            (17)
 Interest income                                     10               2              8               1
 Interest expense                                   201            154             128              20
 Foreign exchange gain (loss)                          5             (8)             (3)            (0)
 Other income, net                                   30              32             15               2
 Unrealized loss from fair value changes of
   equity securities                                 (27)           (10)             (2)            (0)
 Income (loss) in investment in subsidiaries       2,067         (1,899)          (245)            (39)
 Net income (loss) attributable to Huazhu
   Group Limited                                   1,769         (2,192)          (465)            (73)
 Other comprehensive (loss) income,
   net of tax                                         (7)          176             (86)            (14)
 Comprehensive income (loss)                       1,762         (2,016)          (551)            (87)




                                                                 Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   273
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      ADDITIONAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION – FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULE I



      FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR PARENT COMPANY
      CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
      (Renminbi in millions, unless otherwise stated)

                                                                                 Years Ended December 31,
                                                                        2019              2020               2021            2021
                                                                                                                       US$’million
                                                                                                                          (Note 2)
      Net cash (used in) provided by operating
       activities                                                        (212)               49                  9                     2
      Investing activities:
      Investment in subsidiaries                                      (1,039)            (6,267)           (1,050)              (165)
      Receipt of investment in subsidiaries                                9                  –                 –                  –
      Purchase of short-term investments                                   –                  –               (34)                (5)
      Net cash used in investing activities                           (1,030)            (6,267)           (1,084)              (170)
      Financing activities:
      Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares in
        Hong Kong public offering                                           –             6,018                  –                  –
      Payment of ordinary share issuance costs                              –               (10)               (15)                (2)
      Net settlement on shares repurchased for
        withholding taxes related to share-based
        awards                                                              –                  –                50                  7
      Payment of share repurchase                                           –                  –                (0)                (0)
      Net proceeds from issuance of ordinary
        shares upon exercise of option                                    14                  1                  1                     0
      Proceeds of advances from subsidiaries                             109                  –                  0                     0
      Proceeds from short-term bank borrowings                         1,265                  –                  –                     –
      Repayment of short-term bank borrowings                              –               (282)                 –                     –
      Proceeds from long-term bank borrowings                          5,206                  –                  –                     –
      Repayment of long-term bank borrowings                          (5,169)                 –                  –                     –
      Proceeds from issuance of convertible
        senior notes                                                        –             3,499                   –                 –
      Repayment of convertible senior notes                                 –                (0)                 (0)               (0)
      Debt financing costs paid                                             –                (9)                  –                 –
      Dividends paid                                                     (658)             (678)                  –                 –
      Net cash provided by financing activities                          767              8,539                 36                     5
      Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and
        cash equivalents                                                 141               (790)             (272)               (43)
      Net (decrease) increase in cash and
        cash equivalents                                                 (334)            1,531            (1,311)              (206)
      Cash, cash equivalents at the beginning of
        the year                                                         695                361             1,892                297
      Cash, cash equivalents at the end of the year                      361              1,892               581                 91

      A   In 2020, Except for repayment of short-term bank borrowings by cash, short-term bank borrowings of RMB4,268 was settled by
          investment in subsidiaries.


      The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements


274   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                         CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
ADDITIONAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION – FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULE I



 FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR PARENT COMPANY
 NOTE TO SCHEDULE I
 Schedule I has been provided pursuant to the requirements of Rule 12-04(a) and 5-04-(c) of Regulation
 S-X, which require condensed financial information as to the financial position, change in financial
 position and results of operations of a parent company as of the same dates and for the same periods
 for which audited consolidated financial statements have been presented when the restricted net assets
 of consolidated subsidiaries exceed 25 percent of consolidated net assets as of the end of the most
 recently completed fiscal year.


 The condensed financial information has been prepared using the same accounting policies as set out
 in the accompanying consolidated financial statements except that the equity method has been used
 to account for investments in its subsidiaries. Such investments in subsidiaries are presented on the
 balance sheets as investment in subsidiaries and the profit of the subsidiaries is presented as income in
 investment in subsidiaries.


 Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in
 accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America have been
 condensed or omitted. The footnote disclosures contain supplemental information relating to the
 operations of the Company and, as such, these statements should be read in conjunction with the notes
 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.


 As of December 31, 2021, there are no material contingencies, mandatory dividend, and significant
 provision of long-term obligation or guarantee of the Company, except for those which have separately
 disclosed in the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                     Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   275
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      ADDITIONAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION – FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULE II


      This financial information has been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
      in the United States.


      VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
                                                                                        Charge
                                 Balance at    Charge to     Charge       Addition       Taken
                                Beginning of   Costs and    to Other        Due to      Against                 Balance at
                                       Year    Expenses    Accounts     Acquisition   Allowance    Write off    End of Year
                                                                       (Renminbi in
                                                                          millions)

      Allowance for accounts
        receivable, loan
        receivables and other
        financial assets:
      2019                               17          21           –              –           –          (16)            22
      2020                               22          65           7              –           –            (7)           87
      2021                               87         105           –              –           –          (64)           128
      Valuation allowance for
        deferred tax assets
      2019                              107          79           –              –          (24)        (10)           152
      2020                              152         249           –              –          (32)          –            369
      2021                              369         151           –              –          (37)        (17)           466



                                                           ******




276   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                    FURTHER INFORMATION

Our annual report is available for viewing on the websites of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange at
https://www.hkexnews.hk and our website at https://ir.huazhu.com.


In addition, we will provide printed copies of our annual report on Form 20-F to shareholders, including
ADS holders, free of charge upon request.


The following table sets out the exhibits filed with our annual report on Form 20-F.


Exhibit Number        Description of Document

1.1                   The Amended and Restated Articles of Association of the Registrant currently
                      in effect, adopted by way of a special resolution passed on December 23, 2020
                      (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 from our report on Form 6-K filed with the
                      Securities and Exchange Commission on June 29, 2021)


2.1                   Registrant’s Specimen American Depositary Receipt (Incorporated by reference
                      to Form424b3 (file no. 333-225171) filed with the Securities and Exchange
                      Commission on June 29, 2021.).


2.2                   Registrant’s Specimen Certificate for Ordinary Shares (Incorporated by reference
                      to Exhibit 4.1 from our Form F-3 (file no. 333-25801) filed with the Securities and
                      Exchange Commission on July 19, 2021.)


2.3                   Form of Amendment No. 1 to Deposit Agreement among the Registrant, the
                      Depositary and all Holders and Beneficial Owners of the American Depositary
                      Shares issued thereunder. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits (a)(i) from the
                      post-effective amendment No. 1 to Form F-6 (file no. 333-225171) filed with the
                      Securities and Exchange Commission on May 7, 2021.)


2.4                   Description of Securities


4.1                   Amended and Restated 2009 Share Incentive Plan, amended and restated as of
                      October 1, 2009. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 from our Registration
                      Statement on Form F-1 (file no. 333-165247) filed with the Securities and Exchange
                      Commission on March 5, 2010.)


4.2                   Amendment to the Amended and Restated 2009 Share Incentive Plan, amended as
                      of August 26, 2010. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 from our report on
                      Form 6-K (file no. 333-34656) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
                      on July 15, 2010.)


4.3                   Amendment to the Amended and Restated 2009 Share Incentive Plan, amended
                      as of March 26, 2015. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 from our report on
                      Form 6-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 27, 2015.)




                                                                     Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   277
      FURTHER INFORMATION



      Exhibit Number        Description of Document

      4.4                   Form of Indemnification Agreement with the Registrant’s Directors. (Incorporated
                            by reference to Exhibit 10.4 from our Registration Statement on Form F-1 (file no.
                            333-165247) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 5, 2010.)


      4.5                   English translation of the Form of Employment Agreement between the Registrant
                            and Executive Officers of the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6
                            from our annual report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-34656) filed with the Securities
                            and Exchange Commission on April 12, 2012.)


      4.6                   Investor and Registration Rights Agreement between the Registrant and Ctrip.com
                            International, Ltd., dated March 12, 2010. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                            10.10 from the Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on Form F-1 (file
                            no. 333-165247) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 12,
                            2010.)


      4.7                   Supplemental Registration Rights Agreement between the registrant and Trip.com
                            dated August 3, 2020


      4.8                   Investor and Registration Rights Agreement between the Registrant and AAPC
                            Hong Kong Limited, dated January 25, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                            4.19 from our annual report on Form 20-F filed with the Securities and Exchange
                            Commission on April 20, 2016.)


      4.9                   ADS Lending Agreement between the Registrant and Deutsche Bank AG, London
                            Branch dated October 26, 2017 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 on Form
                            6-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 31, 2017.)


      4.10                  Base Capped Call Transaction Confirmation between the Registrant and Deutsche
                            Bank AG, London Branch dated October 26, 2017 (Incorporated by reference to
                            Exhibit 4.25 from our annual report on Form 20-F filed with the Securities and
                            Exchange Commission on April 20, 2018.)


      4.11                  Base Capped Call Transaction Confirmation between the Registrant and JPMorgan
                            Chase Bank, National Association dated October 26, 2017 (Incorporated by
                            reference to Exhibit 4.26 from our annual report on Form 20-F filed with the
                            Securities and Exchange Commission on April 20, 2018.)


      4.12                  Base Capped Call Transaction Confirmation between the Registrant and Morgan
                            Stanley & Co. LLC dated October 26, 2017 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                            4.27 from our annual report on Form 20-F filed with the Securities and Exchange
                            Commission on April 20, 2018.)




278   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                 FURTHER INFORMATION



Exhibit Number   Description of Document

4.13             Additional Capped Call Transaction Confirmation between the Registrant and
                 Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch dated October 31, 2017 (Incorporated by
                 reference to Exhibit 4.28 from our annual report on Form 20-F filed with the
                 Securities and Exchange Commission on April 20, 2018.)


4.14             Additional Capped Call Transaction Confirmation between the Registrant and
                 JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association dated October 31, 2017 (Incorporated
                 by reference to Exhibit 4.29 from our annual report on Form 20-F filed with the
                 Securities and Exchange Commission on April 20, 2018.)


4.15             Additional Capped Call Transaction Confirmation between the Registrant and
                 Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC dated October 31, 2017 (Incorporated by reference to
                 Exhibit 4.30 from our annual report on Form 20-F filed with the Securities and
                 Exchange Commission on April 20, 2018.)


4.16             Indenture between the Registrant and Wilmington Trust, National Association
                 dated November 3, 2017 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.31 from our annual
                 report on Form 20-F filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April
                 20, 2018.)


4.17             Indenture between the Registrant and Wilmington Trust, National Association
                 dated May 12, 2020


8.1              Subsidiaries of the Registrant.


11.1             Code of Business Conduct and Ethics of the Registrant (Incorporated by reference
                 to Exhibit 99.1 from our Registration Statement on Form F-1 (file no. 333-165247)
                 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 5, 2010.)


12.1             Certification of Jin Hui, Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant, pursuant to
                 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.


12.2             Certification of Hui Chen, Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, pursuant to
                 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.


13.1             Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
                 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.


15.1             Consent of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP,
                 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.




                                                                 Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021   279
      FURTHER INFORMATION



      Exhibit Number        Description of Document

      101.INS               Inline XBRL Instance Document – the instance document does not appear in the
                            Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL
                            document.


      101.SCH               Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document


      101.CAL               Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document


      101.DEF               Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document


      101.LAB               Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document


      101.PRE               Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document


      104.                  Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)




280   Huazhu Group Limited Annual Report 2021
