2025
ANNUAL REPORT
CONTENTS
Business Overview                                   2
Management Discussion and Analysis                  58
Directors, Senior Management and Employees          97
Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions   111
Other Information for Shareholders                  114
Exemptions and Waivers                              155
Risk Factors                                        158
Definitions                                         220
Independent Auditor’s Report                        224
Consolidated Financial Statements                   229
Further Information                                 302
    BUSINESS OVERVIEW

    We are a leading, fast-growing multi-brand hotel group with international operations. Our hotels
    are operated under three different models: leased and owned, franchised, and franchised hotels
    that we operate under management contracts, which we refer to as “manachised.” We expanded our
    hotel network from 9,394 hotels as of December 31, 2023 to 12,858 hotels as of December 31, 2025,
    representing a CAGR of 17.0%. As of December 31, 2025, we had 12,858 hotels in operation, including
    573 leased and owned hotels and 12,285 manachised and franchised hotels, with an aggregate of
    1,264,419 hotel rooms. As of the same date, we were developing an additional 2,906 hotels, including 19
    leased and owned hotels and 2,887 manachised and franchised hotels.


    Brands are the bedrock of our success. Over a decade, we grew from an economy hotel chain to a multi-
    brand hotel group covering the full spectrum of market segments. Leveraging our consumer insights and
    our capability to deliver innovative and trend-setting products, we now operate a portfolio of over 20
    distinct hotel brands.


    We have developed a vast base of loyal and engaged customers under our H Rewards loyalty program.
    H Rewards covers all of our brands and had more than 311 million members as of December 31, 2025.
    We engage with program members through multiple online and offline touch points to personalize their
    lodging experiences and foster strong and long-lasting relationships that inspire loyalty to our brands.
    H Rewards is a powerful distribution platform, enabling us to conduct lower-cost, targeted marketing
    campaigns and maintain a high percentage of direct sales to customers. In 2025, approximately 73%
    of our room nights under legacy Huazhu were sold to customers who were individual or corporate H
    Rewards members. In the same year, approximately 77% of our room nights under legacy Huazhu were
    sold through our own sales channels.


    We have developed industry-leading, proprietary technology infrastructure that enhances customer
    experience, increases our operational efficiency, and supports our fast growth. The core of this
    infrastructure is a comprehensive suite of modularized applications, including a cloud-based property
    management system and centralized reservation, procurement and revenue management systems.
    Leveraging our operational experience and technological capabilities, we have built a centralized shared
    service center and realized the economies of scale made possible through our sizable hotel operations.
    We have also undertaken a series of industry-first digitalization initiatives to optimize our hotels’
    operational efficiency and cost structure and operate “smart” hotels. Our digital transformation initiative,
    the “Easy” series, has increased the speed and efficiency of our hotels’ entire business processes, from
    the moment a reservation is made until a guest checks out.




2   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                          BUSINESS OVERVIEW


Leveraging our strong brand recognition, massive member traffic, and robust technology infrastructure,
we have pioneered a business operating system designed to enhance hotel operations across all fronts.
Our business operating system is the result of our years of industry know-how, and it includes innovative
ideas that are first tested and refined by our leased and owned business. Subsequently, these ideas
can be “plugged-and-played” by our franchisees with confidence, thus allowing us to effectively expand
our hotel network in an asset-light manner. We added a net 3,464 hotels from December 31, 2023
to December 31, 2025, 3,582 of which were manachised and franchised hotels. Apart from receiving
franchise fees for these hotels, we also share our technology infrastructure and our vast customers base
with our franchisees. We believe that our distinct approach to hospitality has helped us establish a highly
differentiated business model that balances scale, quality and returns.


We recorded outstanding financial performance in the past and has recorded strong post COVID-19
recovery since 2023. Our total revenue was RMB21,882 million, RMB23,891 million and RMB25,307
million (US$3,618 million) in 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. We had net income attributable to H
World Group Limited of RMB4,085 million, RMB3,048 million and RMB5,080 million (US$726 million) in
2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. Our adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP) amounted to RMB6,268 million,
RMB6,820 million and RMB8,473 million (US$1,211 million) in 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. Our net
cash provided by operating activities amounted to RMB7,674 million, RMB7,518 million and RMB8,379
million (US$1,198 million) in the respective periods.


We believe that our core competencies and proven business model well-position us to increase our share
in the expanding global lodging industry and continue to deliver encouraging financial performance.


OUR BRANDS AND PRODUCTS
As of the date of this annual report, we have hotels in operation or under development under the
following brands, which are designed to target distinct segments of customers:


•     Economy hotel brands: HanTing Hotel , Ni Hao Hotel, Hi Inn, Elan Hotel, Zleep Hotels, and Ibis
      Hotel;


•     Midscale hotel brands: JI Hotel , Orange Hotel, Starway Hotel, and Ibis Styles Hotel;


•     Upper midscale hotel brands: Crystal Orange Hotel , IntercityHotel, Grand JI Hotel, Manxin Hotel ,
      Mercure Hotel , Madison Hotel, Novotel Hotel, CitiGO Hotel, and MAXX;


•     Upscale hotel brands: Joya Hotel , Blossom House, Steigenberger Hotels & Resorts, Jaz in the City,
      and Grand Mercure Hotel; and


•     Luxury hotel brand: Steigenberger Icons and Song Hotels.




                                                                    H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   3
    BUSINESS OVERVIEW


    We have entered into brand franchise agreements with Accor and enjoy exclusive franchise rights in
    respect of Mercure Hotel , Ibis Hotel , and Ibis Styles Hotel in the PRC, Taiwan, and Mongolia and non-
    exclusive franchise rights in respect of Grand Mercure Hotel and Novotel Hotel in the PRC, Taiwan,
    and Mongolia. Through our acquisition of Deutsche Hospitality, we have obtained exclusive rights to
    construct, operate, manage, franchise, and license hotels under the Jaz in the City brand in China,
    Southeast Asia, Japan, South Korea, and Europe subject to certain exceptions, and non-exclusive rights
    to operate, manage, franchise, and license certain number of hotels under the Jaz in the City brand in
    certain other countries and regions, such as Tunisia, Cape Verde, the United Arab Emirates (the “UAE”),
    and Egypt.


    As of December 31, 2025, we also operated five other hotels, including other partner hotels and other
    hotel brands in Yongle Huazhu Hotel & Resort Group.


    We believe that our multi-brand strategy provides us with a competitive advantage to open more hotels
    in attractive markets, capture a wider range of customers with evolving lodging preferences and needs
    thereby achieving greater economies of scale through shared platforms.


    ECONOMY HOTEL BRANDS
    HanTing Hotel
    Launched in 2005, HanTing Hotel is dedicated to becoming a beloved national hotel for all. From the
    reassurance of a restful night’s sleep and a warm, hearty breakfast, to the ease of self check-in and the
    thoughtfulness of robot-assisted delivery, HanTing Hotel has consistently delivered on its commitment to
    fulfilling the core lodging needs of its guests – quality sleep, refreshing showers, and satisfying breakfast
    – complemented by a convenient, warm, and 24-hour open lobby. With a travel experience defined by the
    promise of “good quality at an affordable price” and a continuous enhancement of the sense of security
    and happiness of Chinese travelers on the go, HanTing Hotel has become the “distant relative and
    close neighbor” of 1.4 billion Chinese people. As of December 31, 2025, we had 4,556 HanTing Hotels in
    operation and an additional 774 HanTing Hotels under development.


    Ni Hao Hotel
    Ni Hao Hotel is our economy hotel product targeting young customers. The brand new Ni Hao Hotel 2.0
    integrates contemporary aesthetics with traditional Chinese colors and symbols, creating a joyful and
    prosper atmosphere and offering traveler with various aesthetic choices. As of December 31, 2025, we
    had 513 Ni Hao Hotels in operation and 86 Ni Hao Hotels under development.




4   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                           BUSINESS OVERVIEW



Hi Inn
Launched in late 2008 and originally marketed under the name of HanTing Hi Inn, Hi Inn is our fully self-
service economy hotel brand. With the tenet of “sleep better, spend less,” Hi Inn focuses on customers’
core lodging needs – quality sleep and refreshing showers – and offers travelers with international
standard accommodation experience at exceptional value for money. Hi Inn is distributed across
major first- and second-tier cities as well as rapidly growing third- and fourth-tier cities in China. As of
December 31, 2025, we had 696 Hi Inns in operation and an additional 287 Hi Inns under development.


Elan Hotel
In September 2014, we launched Elan Hotel . Elan Hotel is our economy hotel product committed to
improving the operating efficiency of individual micro, small- and medium-sized economy hotels. As of
December 31, 2025, we had 45 Elan Hotels in operation.


Ibis Hotel
Ibis Hotel is the world’s leading economy hotel brand originated from France. Ibis Hotel breaks through
the conventional monotonous atmosphere of economy hotels and creates a space without boundaries.
Featuring it with front desk that also serves as bar, restaurant that turns into livehouse at night, and
vibrant music setting the ambiance at any time, we intend to transform economy hotel into a lively
environment open for everyone. As of December 31, 2025, we had 214 Ibis Hotels in operation and an
additional six Ibis Hotels under development.


Zleep Hotels
Zleep Hotels , our economy hotel brand, is a well-known and successful hotel brand in Scandinavia and
other parts of Europe offering service and design at a great rate. As of December 31, 2025, we had six
Zleep Hotels in operation and an additional seven Zleep Hotels under development.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   5
    BUSINESS OVERVIEW



    MIDSCALE HOTEL BRANDS
    JI Hotel
    JI Hotel is a midscale brand that we launched in 2010. Over the past 15 years, JI Hotel adheres to
    its original aspiration to “design for Chinese, offer experience to all.” Drawing from oriental wisdom,
    humanity and culture, it offers quality lodging experience with friendly services, dedicating to providing
    travelers with accommodations that resonate with the aesthetics and lifestyle of Chinese people and
    sharing the unique Chinese lodging culture with guests from all over the world. As of December 31, 2025,
    we had 3,565 JI Hotels in operation and an additional 752 JI Hotels under development.


    Orange Hotel
    Orange Hotel is our midscale hotel brand. Drawing inspiration from Orange County in California and
    having “bright sunny days” as its brand concept, Orange Hotel creates a bright and memorable journey
    for travelers by creating sunny living spaces, offering vibrant and efficient services, and promoting a
    healthy lifestyle. As of December 31, 2025, we had 1,055 Orange Hotels in operation and an additional
    250 Orange Hotels under development.


    Starway Hotel
    Starway Hotel is our select midscale hotel brand. It offers a diverse range of products and quality lodging
    experiences, meanwhile merging the local characters and creates unique memories for the travelers.
    Through its thoughtful sleeping system, distinctive breakfast represented by Starway Hotel ’s signature
    noodle, convenient smart facilities, laundry services and other ancillary services, Starway Hotel caters
    to customers’ diverse travel needs and conveys the unique charm of each city. In every city, with a warm
    bowl of its signature noodle, Starway Hotel is committed to warmly accompanying travelers on each and
    every journey. As of December 31, 2025, we had 712 Starway Hotels in operation and an additional 118
    Starway Hotels under development.


    Ibis Styles Hotel
    Ibis Styles Hotel is a midscale brand that offers comfortable and designer hotels. Ibis Styles Hotel
    advocates one-hotel-one-design, with each hotel choosing a different story theme to create creative
    spaces through a fun and premium design approach that is eye-catching. The different style collections
    of Ibis Styles Hotel can cater to the accommodation needs of different people, covering not only business
    and vacation, but also attracting the innovative Z-Generations. As of December 31, 2025, we had 99 Ibis
    Styles Hotels in operation and an additional four Ibis Styles Hotels under development.




6   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                          BUSINESS OVERVIEW



UPPER MIDSCALE HOTEL BRANDS
Crystal Orange Hotel
Crystal Orange Hotel is our upper midscale hotel brand targeting the upper midscale business travel
and quality travel market. Crystal Orange Hotel has launched a new version 2.5, empowering customers
with a five-star quality experience at a four-star price. Crystal Orange Hotel returns to the essence and
purity, using walnut, antique copper and glass elements to create a more textured and premium space
atmosphere, earning its reputation as the “pinnacle of aesthetics” in its segment and winning multiple
international design awards. Beyond design, Crystal Orange Hotel is underpinned by a “Purify, Recharge,
Awaken” six-sense energy recovery system, dedicated to creating an energy-restoring journey for urban
travelers navigating the fast-paced modern world – a stay that goes beyond rest, empowering guests
to rediscover their vitality and become their best selves. As of December 31, 2025, we had 322 Crystal
Orange Hotels in operation and an additional 100 Crystal Orange Hotels under development.


IntercityHotel
IntercityHotel , originating from Germany in 1987, entered the Chinese market following our acquisition
of Deutsche Hospitality in 2020. Inheriting the Bauhaus tradition of modern design, IntercityHotel places
functionalism at its core, delivering a “Precise, Seamless, and Efficient” stay experience tailored to
the needs of business travelers. Today, as one of the most sought-after brands in the upper midscale
segment, IntercityHotel has achieved comprehensive coverage across core first- and second-tier cities
in China, offering the discerning business traveler an ideal journey defined by “Work Efficiently, Live
Effortlessly.” As of December 31, 2025, we had 159 IntercityHotels in operation and an additional 111
IntercityHotels under development.


Grand JI Hotel
Grand JI Hotel is our oriental hotel brand. Drawing on the artistic spirit and etiquette of the contemporary
East, it conveys a rich cultural essence that embraces all things, allowing the world to experience
the elegance and refinement of the East. As of December 31, 2025, we had five Grand JI Hotels under
development.


Manxin Hotel
Manxin Hotel incorporates localized features into the design and experience, and is a must-stay lifestyle
hotel for urban exploration, with both business and travel features. Currently there are two product lines
under Manxin Hotel , namely Manxin Hotel and Manxin Mansion. As of December 31, 2025, we had 192
Manxin Hotels in operation and an additional 47 Manxin Hotels under development.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   7
    BUSINESS OVERVIEW



    Mercure Hotel
    Mercure Hotel is an upper midscale hotel brand originating from France, drawing its inspiration from
    Mercury, the Roman deity of travel and fortune, and is positioned as a French-lifestyle upper midscale
    hotel for business travelers. Since its founding in 1973, Mercure Hotel has consistently placed the French
    art de vivre at its core, crafting spaces around the world that offer travelers an experience defined by
    elegance, ease, and the poetry of everyday life. As of December 31, 2025, we had 226 Mercure Hotels in
    operation and an additional 88 Mercure Hotels under development.


    Madison Hotel
    We launched our new upper midscale hotel brands Madison Hotel and Grand Madison Hotel in 2019,
    which are committed to offering guests a classic lodging experience. In 2020, we merged the Grand
    Madison Hotel brand into the Madison Hotel brand. Madison Hotel integrates local characteristics
    to create a warm and vibrant travel experience for the guests. As of December 31, 2025, we had 218
    Madison Hotels in operation, and an additional 113 Madison Hotels under development.


    Novotel Hotel
    Novotel is an upper midscale brand that provides a multi-service offering for both business and leisure
    guests, with spacious, modular rooms, 24/7 catering offers with balanced meals, meeting rooms,
    attentive and proactive staff, kid areas, multi-purpose lobbies and fitness centers. As of December 31,
    2025, we had 46 Novotel Hotels in operation and an additional 18 Novotel Hotels under development.


    CitiGO Hotel
    CitiGO Hotel is a lifestyle brand that mainly targets young people. Crafted by internationally prestigious
    designers, CitiGO blends travel, sports and urban culture together to provide guests with unique lodging
    experience. CitiGO introduces a new concept space that combines elements of hotel, apartment and
    community, aiming to provide travelers with distinctive travel experience. With a focus on engaging
    different demographics, CitiGO emphasizes stylish and trendy designs along with rich and vibrant
    communal entertainment areas, breaking traditional perceptions of hotels. The hotel restaurant provides
    extra-long breakfast from 7:00 am to 12:00 pm, fresh coffee, craft beer and free late-night snack. CitiGO
    is passionate about cross-industry collaborations, embedding a youthful and playful attitude into its
    brand DNA, leading new travel trends for urban youth seeking quality life. As of December 31, 2025, we
    had 33 CitiGO Hotels in operation, and an additional four CitiGO Hotels under development.


    MAXX
    MAXX is our upper midscale hotel brand originated from Germany. MAXX inherits European elegance
    and style, redefining new luxury lifestyle through an international perspective and insights into the local
    market, serving as an urban oasis that captures every extraordinary moment, and integrates insights into
    the local market. As of December 31, 2025, we had 11 MAXX hotels in operation and seven MAXX hotels
    under development.




8   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                           BUSINESS OVERVIEW



UPSCALE HOTEL BRANDS
Joya Hotel
In December 2013, we launched our upscale brand Joya Hotel . These hotels are typically located in areas
close to major business and commercial districts in first- and second-tier cities. With the new Chinese-
style design and diversified service features, Joya Hotel creates a hotel space more in line with the
Chinese culture and lifestyle. As of December 31, 2025, we had seven Joya Hotels in operation.


Blossom House
Blossom House, founded in Lijiang, China in 2009, is our upscale cultural tourism and resort hotel brand.
With “Relax, Connect, and Happiness” at its core, Blossom House has successfully integrated local
history, culture, and heritage with an upscale service philosophy, pioneering the development of upscale
cultural tourism and resort hospitality in China and earning its place as our most happiness-inspiring
upscale resort hotel. Guided by its distinctive Blossom aesthetics, the brand leads product innovation
and has established three product lines: Blossom House Secret Retreat, full-service resorts, and
selective-service resorts. Today, Blossom House has achieved coverage across China’s major premier
tourist destinations and key scenic areas, and will continue to lead all travelers toward new horizons,
ushering in an entirely new era of upscale cultural and humanistic resort experiences. As of December
31, 2025, we have 90 Blossom House hotels in operation and an additional 107 Blossom House hotels
under development.


Steigenberger Hotels & Resorts
Steigenberger Hotels & Resorts is our upscale brand originated in Germany. With high-quality facilities
and services and unique entertainment resources, Steigenberger Hotels & Resorts provides guests with a
super high-end experience of high-quality conference services, high-quality leisure and quality meals to
meet the diverse needs of guests’ various activities. As of December 31, 2025, we had 56 Steigenberger
Hotels & Resorts in operation and an additional 14 Steigenberger Hotels & Resorts under development.


Jaz in the City
Jaz in the City is our upscale lifestyle brand. Jaz in the City branded hotels reflect metropolitan lifestyle
and draw upon the local music and cultural scene. As of December 31, 2025, we have three Jaz in the
City hotels in operation.


Grand Mercure Hotel
Grand Mercure Hotel offers guests an imaginative, discovery-filled hotel experience, a fresh and
engaging stay that attracts visitors from around the world. Deeply rooted in its destinations, Grand
Mercure Hotel offers an elegant and immersive cultural experience through warm, attentive staff who tell
vivid stories and take guests on a journey through the traditions of fine dining and high-end hospitality.
As of December 31, 2025, we had ten Grand Mercure Hotels in operation.




                                                                       H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   9
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW



     LUXURY HOTEL BRAND
     Steigenberger Icons
     Steigenberger Icons is our first brand under luxury level, a prestigious level we granted only to our most
     legendary Steigenberger hotels. It offers customers with legendary living experience through its provision
     of German-style butler services. As of December 31, 2025, we had 12 Steigenberger Icons Hotels in
     operation and one Steigenberger Icons Hotel under development.


     Song Hotels
     Song Hotels is our luxury hotel brand designed for high-end vacation experience. It creates luxurious and
     leisure stay experience for the guests through its portrait of contemporary Chinese lifestyle of pursuing
     perfection and its innovation of delicate aesthetics rooted in Song dynasty. As of December 31, 2025, we
     had seven Song Hotels in operation and an additional two Song Hotels under development.


     OUR HOTEL NETWORK
     We operate hotels under lease and ownership, manachise and franchise models. Under the lease and
     ownership model, we directly operate hotels located primarily on leased properties, as well as on owned
     properties. Under the manachise model, we manage manachised hotels through the on-site hotel
     managers we appoint and collect fees from franchisees. Under the franchise model, we collect fees from
     franchisees but do not appoint on-site hotel managers. We have adopted a disciplined return-driven
     development model aimed at achieving high growth and profitability and applied consistent operational
     and quality standards across all of our hotels.


     Our hotel network has grown rapidly. The following table sets forth the number of hotels we operated as
     of the dates indicated.


                                                                 As of December 31,
                               2015    2016     2017    2018    2019    2020    2021    2022    2023   2024   2025

     Leased and owned hotels    616     624      671     699     688     753     738     704     691    633    573
     Manachised hotels         2,067   2,471    2,874   3,309   4,519   5,746   6,824   7,617   8,526 10,380 12,170
     Franchised hotels           80     174      201     222     411     290     268     222     177    134    115
     Total                     2,763   3,269    3,746   4,230   5,618   6,789   7,830   8,543   9,394 11,147 12,858


     As of December 31, 2025, our hotel network covered 12,858 hotels spanning 1,222 cities in 31 provinces
     and municipalities across the greater China region and 20 other countries, and we also had a pipeline of
     hotels in these countries and regions. As of December 31, 2025, we had an additional 2,906 leased and
     owned as well as manachised and franchised hotels under development.




10   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                                               BUSINESS OVERVIEW


The following table sets forth a summary of all of our hotels by geographic region as of December 31,
2025.


                                                  Leased                                            Leased and            Manachised
                                                      and                                        Owned Hotels         and Franchised
                                                  Owned      Manachised        Franchised                 Under          Hotels Under
                                                Hotels(1)         Hotels(2)        Hotels(2)    Development(5)         Development(5)
Greater China:
  Shanghai, Beijing, Guangzhou,
      Shenzhen and Hangzhou                           206            2,164                30                    8                   362
  Others    (3)
                                                      304            9,981                51                    3                 2,503
  Subtotal                                            510           12,145                81                   11                 2,865


Outside Greater China:
  Europe                                               62                 6               23                    8                         6
  Other countries(4)                                     1               19               11                    –                        16
  Subtotal                                             63                25               34                    8                        22
Total(5)                                              573           12,170              115                    19                 2,887


Notes:

(1)        Include 62 leased hotels operated by Deutsche Hospitality and 511 leased and owned hotels operated by the rest of our Group.

(2)        Include 56 manachised and franchised hotels operated by Deutsche Hospitality and 12,229 manachised and franchised hotels
           operated by the rest of our Group.

(3)        For our hotels in operation, include 1,217 cities across 29 provinces and municipalities; for our hotels under development,
           include 936 cities across 30 provinces and municipalities.

(4)        For our hotels in operation, include Tunisia, Egypt, the UAE, Oman, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Qatar, Mongolia, Korea, Vietnam
           and Cambodia; for our hotels under development, include Egypt, Oman, Saudi Arabia, the UAE, India, Cambodia, Uzbekistan,
           Thailand, Malaysia and Laos.

(5)        Include hotels for which we have entered into binding leases, purchase agreements of land use right or property, or franchise
           agreements but that have not yet commenced operations. The inactive projects are excluded from this list according to
           management judgment.




                                                                                         H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025             11
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW


     The following table sets forth the status of our hotels under development as of December 31, 2025.


                                                                          Pre-conversion             Conversion
                                                                                    Period   (1)
                                                                                                         Period(2)                 Total

     Leased and owned hotels                                                               16                     3                   19
     Manachised and franchised hotels                                                  1,638                 1,249                2,887
     Total                                                                             1,654                 1,252                2,906


     Notes:

     (1)      Includes hotels for which we have entered into binding leases or franchise agreements but of which the property has not been
              delivered by the respective lessors or property owners, as the case may be. The inactive projects are excluded from this list
              according to management judgment.

     (2)      Includes hotels for which we have commenced conversion activities but that have not yet commenced operations. The inactive
              projects are excluded from this list according to management judgment.


     Among the 19 leased and owned hotels under development as of December 31, 2025, we had 16 leased
     and owned hotels during pre-conversion period, for which we have entered into binding leases but
     of which the property has not been delivered by the respective lessors, and had 3 leased and owned
     hotels during the conversion period, for which we have completed conversion activities and have started
     operations in January and February 2026. Total development costs for the leased and owned hotels
     during the conversion period were approximately RMB121 million. The average development costs per
     square meter for completed leased and owned hotels in 2025 were approximately RMB2,100 (US$300).
     The franchisees are responsible for development costs for our manachised hotels and franchised hotels.


     The reasons for hotel closures typically include property-related matters (such as rezoning and expiry of
     leases), hotel operation quality or results not meeting our requirements, and other commercial reasons.




12   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                  BUSINESS OVERVIEW



LEASED AND OWNED HOTELS
As of December 31, 2025, we had 565 leased hotels and eight owned hotels, accounting for approximately
4.5% of our hotels in operation. We manage and operate each aspect of these hotels and bear all of the
accompanying expenses. We are responsible for recruiting, training, and supervising the hotel managers
and employees, paying for leases and costs associated with construction and renovation of these hotels,
and purchasing all supplies and other required equipment.


Our leased hotels are located on leased properties. The terms of our leases typically range from ten to 30
years. We generally enjoy an initial two- to eight-month rent-free period. For certain of our hotels (under
Deutsche Hospitality), the landlords are responsible for renovating the hotels (other than soft furnishing)
and we are not required to pay rent until this renovation is completed. We generally pay fixed rent on a
monthly, quarterly or biannual basis for the first three to five years of the lease term, after which we are
generally subject to a 2% to 6% increase on rent every three to five years or, for Deutsche Hospitality’s
hotels, generally annual adjustments based on consumer price index levels. Our leases usually allow
extensions by mutual agreement. In addition, for our leased hotels located in China, our lessors are
typically required to notify us in advance if they intend to sell or dispose of their properties, in which case
we have a right of first refusal to purchase the properties on equivalent terms and conditions.


The following table sets forth the number of our leases for hotels in operation and under development
that were expected to expire in the periods indicated as of December 31, 2025.


                                                                                                                   Number of Leases

2026    (1)
                                                                                                                                       68
2027                                                                                                                                   53
2028                                                                                                                                   61
2029                                                                                                                                   41
2030                                                                                                                                   37
2031-2033                                                                                                                             120
2034-2036                                                                                                                              85
2037 and onward                                                                                                                       119
Total                                                                                                                                 584


Note:

(1)           Including leases of four legacy DH hotels we plan to dispose of. For more information, see “Notes to Consolidated Financial
              Statements – Note 8. Assets and liabilities held for sale.”




                                                                                            H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025        13
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW



     MANACHISED AND FRANCHISED HOTELS
     As of December 31, 2025, we had 12,170 manachised hotels and 115 franchised hotels, accounting for
     approximately 94.6% and 0.9%, respectively, of our hotels in operation. Our franchisees lease or own
     their hotel properties and are responsible for the costs of developing and operating the manachised
     or franchised hotels, including constructing and renovating the hotels according to our standards,
     and all of the hotel operating expenses. We impose the same standards on all of our manachised and
     franchised hotels to ensure product quality and consistency across our hotel network. Our franchisees
     are not allowed to sub-franchise hotels under our brands to any third party. We collect fees from the
     franchisees of our manachised and franchised hotels and do not bear loss incurred by our franchisees.
     We believe that the manachise and franchise models have enabled us to quickly and effectively expand
     our geographical coverage and market share in a less capital-intensive manner through leveraging the
     local knowledge and relationships of our franchisees.


     Manachised hotels
     We manage our manachised hotels and impose the same standards on all manachised hotels as our
     other hotels to ensure product quality and consistency across our hotel network. For our manachised
     hotels under legacy Huazhu, our manachise agreements typically have the following terms:


     Scope of service: We authorize a manachised hotel to use our relevant brand name, logo and relevant
     trademarks. The franchisee is responsible for the hotel’s construction, renovation and maintenance. We
     provide guidance to the franchisee on the construction or renovation of the hotel and require the hotel
     to meet our standards before approving it to commence operations. We are engaged in the appointment
     and training of hotel managers who are responsible for hiring hotel staff and managing daily operations
     of our manachised hotels. We also provide our franchisees with services such as central reservation,
     sales and marketing support, technology support, quality assurance inspections, and other operational
     support and information.


     Fees charged to franchisees: we generally charge our franchisees an upfront franchise fee typically
     ranging between RMB80,000 and RMB1,000,000 per hotel, as well as a monthly franchise fee of
     approximately 3% to 6.5% of the gross revenues generated by each manachised hotel. In addition, we
     collect from franchisees a reservation fee for using our central reservation system and a membership
     registration fee for customers who join our H Rewards loyalty program at the manachised hotels. We also
     charge system maintenance and support fees and other IT service fees from our franchisees for sharing
     our technology infrastructure with our manachised hotels. Furthermore, we employ and appoint hotel
     managers for the manachised hotels and charge franchisees for a manager fee on a monthly basis.


     Term of service: our franchise and management agreements for our manachised hotels typically run for
     an initial term of eight to ten years and may be extended upon mutual agreement between us and the
     franchisee three months prior to the expiration of the franchise and management agreements.




14   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                          BUSINESS OVERVIEW


Termination: we typically have the right to early terminate the franchise and management agreements
immediately, if the franchisee commences operations without our approval, goes bankrupt, suspends
operation for a specified period, interferes in our appointed manager’s management of the hotel, or
violates applicable laws and regulations that result in harm to our brand, among others. We are also
entitled to terminate these agreements in case of material breaches of the agreements by the franchisee,
if the franchisee fails to rectify within a grace period.


For our manachised hotels under Deutsche Hospitality, the franchisees are required to pay Deutsche
Hospitality a management fee consisting of a base fee of 0.3% to 3.0% of the hotel’s turnover and
an incentive fee of 6% to 10% of the hotel’s adjusted gross operating profit. Deutsche Hospitality
participates in the distribution of the manachised hotel’s profit, and charges a marketing fee for a few
manachised hotels. General manager compensation of a manachised hotel, including salaries, social
security contribution, and various benefits and bonuses, is borne by the manachised hotel. For some
manachised hotels outside Germany, Deutsche Hospitality further charges a license fee of approximately
0.5% to 1% of the hotel’s turnover. The term of service for our manachised hotels under Deutsche
Hospitality is typically 15 to 20 years.


Franchised hotels
We do not appoint hotel managers for our franchised hotels and do not manage their daily operations. We
apply the same standards to our franchised hotels as our other hotels. For our franchised hotels under
legacy Huazhu, the terms of the franchise agreements are subject to negotiation with individual hotel
owners, while they generally have the following terms:


Scope of service: the services that we provide to franchised hotels are similar to those we provide to
manachised hotels, except that we do not appoint managers and do not provide management services to
the franchised hotels.


Franchise fee: we charge our franchised hotels fees on generally the same terms as our manachised
hotels, except that we do not appoint hotel managers to our franchised hotels and thus do not charge
these hotels hotel manager fee on a monthly basis.


Term of service: our franchise agreements for our franchised hotels typically run for an initial term of
eight to ten years and may be extended upon mutual agreement between us and the franchisee three
months prior to the expiration of the franchise agreements.


Termination: our rights to terminate the franchise agreements for our franchised hotels are similar to
those for our manachised hotels.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   15
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW


     For our franchised hotels under Deutsche Hospitality, the franchisees are required to pay Deutsche
     Hospitality a franchise fee of approximately 0.5% to 3.8% of the hotel’s gross room revenue or turnover.
     Some hotels outside Germany are charged a fixed franchise fee ranging from EUR40,000 to EUR200,000
     per year. Most franchised hotels are also charged a central service fee (or marketing fee) and a license
     fee. The term of service for our franchised hotels under Deutsche Hospitality is typically ten to 15 years.


     HOTEL DEVELOPMENT
     We mainly use the manachise and franchise models to expand our network in a less capital-intensive
     manner. We also lease the properties of the hotels we operate. Other than the properties we acquired as
     part of our strategic alliance with Accor in 2016, and from our acquisition of Blossom Hotel Management,
     we typically do not acquire properties ourselves, as owning properties is generally much more capital
     intensive. We have adopted a systematic process with respect to the planning and execution of new
     development projects. Our development department analyzes economic data by city, field visit reports
     and market intelligence information to identify target locations in each city and form a three-year
     development plan for new hotels on a regular basis. The plan is subsequently reviewed and approved by
     our investment committee. Once a property is identified in the targeted location, staff in our development
     department analyzes the business terms and formulates a proposal for the project. In the case of
     a lease opportunity, the investment committee evaluates each proposed project based on several
     factors, including the length of the investment payback period, the rate of return on the investment, the
     amount of net cash flow projected during the operating period and the impact on our existing hotels
     in the vicinity. When evaluating potential manachising and franchising opportunities, the investment
     committee considers the attractiveness of the location as well as additional factors such as quality
     of the prospective franchisee and product consistency with our standards. Our investment committee
     weighs each investment proposal carefully to ensure that we can effectively expand our coverage while
     concurrently improving our profitability.


     The following is a description of our hotel development process.


     MANACHISED AND FRANCHISED HOTELS
     We open manachised and franchised hotels to expand our geographical coverage or to further penetrate
     in our existing markets. Manachised and franchised hotels provide us valuable operating information in
     assessing the attractiveness of new markets, and supplement our coverage in areas where the potential
     franchisees can have access to attractive locations by leveraging their own assets and local network.
     We generally look to establish manachised and franchised hotels near popular commercial and office
     districts that tend to generate stronger demand for hotel accommodations. Manachised and franchised
     hotels must also meet specified criteria in connection with the infrastructure of the building, such as
     adequate water, electricity and sewage systems.


     We typically source potential franchisees through word-of-mouth referrals, applications submitted via
     our website, our WeChat service platform and industry conferences. Some of our franchisees operate
     several of our manachised and franchised hotels. In general, we seek franchisees who share our values
     and management philosophies.




16   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                         BUSINESS OVERVIEW


We typically supervise the franchisees in designing and renovating their properties pursuant to the same
standards required for our leased and owned hotels and provide assistance as required. We also provide
technical expertise and recommend pre-selected qualified suppliers to our franchisees. In addition, we
appoint or train hotel managers and help train other hotel staff for our manachised hotels to ensure that
high quality and consistent services are provided throughout all our hotels.


LEASED AND OWNED HOTELS
We seek properties that are in central or highly accessible locations in economically more developed
cities in order to showcase our hotel operation expertise and ability to achieve desirable investment
returns. After identifying a proposed site, we conduct thorough due diligence and typically negotiate
leases concurrently with the lessors. All leases and development plans are subject to the final approval
of our investment committee. Once a lease agreement has been executed, we then engage independent
design firms and construction companies to begin work on leasehold improvement. Our construction
management team works closely with these firms on planning and architectural design. Our contracts
with construction companies typically contain warranties for quality and requirements for timely
completion of construction. Contractors or suppliers are typically required to compensate us in the
event of delays or poor work quality. A majority of the construction materials and supplies used in the
construction of our new hotels are purchased by us through a centralized procurement system.


HOTEL MANAGEMENT
Our management team has accumulated significant experience with respect to the operation of hotels.
Building on this experience, our management team has developed a robust operational platform for our
years of operations, implemented a rigorous budgeting process, and utilized our real-time information
systems to monitor our hotel performance. We believe these systems are critical in maximizing our
revenues and profitability. The following are some of the key components of our hotel management
infrastructure:


Budgeting . We prepare a detailed annual cost and revenue budget for each of our leased and owned
hotels, and an annual revenue budget for each of our manachised and franchised hotels. The hotel
budget is prepared based on, among other things, the historical operating performance of each hotel,
the performance of comparable hotels and local market conditions. We may adjust the budget upon
the occurrence of unexpected events that significantly affect a specific hotel’s operating performance.
In addition, our compensation scheme for managers in each hotel is directly linked to its performance
against the annual budget.




                                                                    H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   17
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW


     Pricing . The room rates of our leased and owned hotels as well as manachised hotels are determined
     using a centralized RMS. We adjust room rates regularly based on seasonality and market demand. We
     also adjust room rates for certain events, such as the China Import and Export Fair held twice a year
     in Guangzhou and public health events such as COVID-19. Room rates for our franchised hotels are
     determined by the franchisees based on local market conditions.


     Monitoring . Through our cloud-based property management system, we are able to monitor each hotel’s
     occupancy status, average daily room rates, RevPAR, and other operating data on a real-time basis.
     Real-time hotel operating information allows us to adjust our sales efforts and other resources to rapidly
     capitalize on changes in the market and to maximize operating efficiency.


     Centralized cash management . Our leased and owned hotels deposit cash into our central account
     several times a week. We also generally centralize all payments for expenditures. Our manachised and
     franchised hotels manage their cash separately.


     Centralized procurement . We have implemented a centralized procurement system to cope with our
     large procurement requirements. Given the scale of our hotel network and our centralized procurement
     system, we have the purchasing power to secure favorable terms from suppliers for all of our hotels.


     Quality assurance . We have formed detailed brand standards on hotel facilities and interior decoration
     for us and our franchisees to follow. We have also developed an operating manual to which our staff
     closely adhere to ensure the consistency and quality of our customer experience. We conduct periodic
     internal quality checks of our hotels to ensure that our operating policies and procedures are followed.
     We also engage “mystery guests” from time to time to ensure that we are providing consistent quality
     services. Furthermore, we actively solicit customer feedback by conducting outbound e-mail surveys and
     monitor comments posted on our website and third-party websites.


     Training . We view the quality and skill sets of our employees as essential to our business and thus have
     made employee training one of our top priorities. Our H World Academy, previously known as Research
     and Study Center of H World Group, together with our regional management teams, offers structured
     training programs for our hotel managers, other hotel-based staff and corporate staff. Our hotel
     managers are required to attend a series of learning programs, covering topics such as our corporate
     culture, team management, sales and marketing, customer service, hotel operation standards, and
     financial and human resource management. A substantial number of our hotel managers have received
     training completion certificates. Our H World Academy has prepared a new-hire training package
     to standardize the training for hotel-based staff across our hotel group. In addition, we provide our
     corporate staff with various training programs, such as managerial skills, leadership development,
     corporate culture and best practice sharing.




18   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                           BUSINESS OVERVIEW



TECHNOLOGY INFRASTRUCTURE AND DIGITALIZATION
We have successfully developed and fully implemented an advanced, scalable technology infrastructure
platform at the group level, along with a comprehensive suite of digital transformation initiatives at the
hotel level. These initiatives encompass our hotel operations, utilizing cutting-edge technologies like
algorithms, big data analytics, data mining, AI, machine learning, and Internet of Things (“IoT”). These
technologies have enabled us to enhance operational efficiency, make informed decisions promptly, and
increase our profitability.


In a global context, based on data centers in Shanghai, Singapore, and Frankfurt, we have successfully
built a globally unified digital core platform with proprietary intellectual property rights. This platform
meets the regulatory requirements for data compliance around the globe in a better way. The platform
consists of the following three main components:


Global Unified Distribution Platform (H-HUB) . This platform achieves 100% direct connectivity to all
countries, all brands, and all hotels. Sales are conducted through direct channels such as the H World
App, B2B Enterprise Channel and overseas H Rewards Internet Booking Engine (IBE). Simultaneously,
it integrates with over 20 global distribution platforms, including major online travel agencies, global
distribution system, and travel management companies, enabling unified management, pricing, and
distribution of global hotel inventory.


Hotel Operating System Platform (H-HOS) . Starting from room property management system (PMS),
this platform has extended to integrate food and beverage POS (Point of Sale System) and banquet
EMS (Event Management System) systems. It not only covers all of our brands in the PRC, but has also
extended to overseas markets.


Global Unified Collaboration Platform (H-TONE) . H-TONE is an integrated collaboration platform that
includes instant messaging, email, video conferencing, online documents, calendars, and application
workspaces. It has already been deployed in multiple countries across Asia-Pacific and Europe. With
real-time intelligent voice translation, it effectively addresses language barriers, allowing seamless
communication between overseas employees and employees in China.


The following discusses certain other key elements of our technology infrastructure as well as our
digitalization initiatives:




                                                                       H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   19
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW



     CENTRAL CLOUD SERVICES
     Customer relationship management (CRM) system . Our integrated CRM system maintains information
     of our H Rewards members, including their reservation and consumption history and pattern, points
     accumulated and redeemed, and prepayment and balance. This allows us to better serve the members
     of our loyalty program and offer targeted promotions to enhance customer loyalty. The CRM system also
     allows us to monitor the performance of our corporate client sales representatives. An integrated CRM
     system effectively supports the promotion of H Rewards membership benefits worldwide and provides
     members with more precise and competitive services and promotional activities, constantly enhancing
     the consumption experience of our H Rewards members. At the same time, based on member reviews
     and feedback, it can more effectively and comprehensively track the service quality of every hotel,
     promoting closed-loop comprehensive quality management driven by customers.


     Centralized revenue management system (RMS) . Our RMS is the first in-house developed, large scale,
     fully automated RMS in China’s hotel industry. Powered by in-house developed algorithms and AI, our
     RMS automatically adjusts room rates of hotels within our hotel network in a centralized manner at
     the group level or the business unit level, based on the current business status and real-time demand
     forecasts for the local markets within minutes, effectively increasing hotel occupancy through price and
     promotional tools. We believe our centralized revenue managing system enhances our ability to adjust
     room rates in a timely fashion, maximizing the revenue per room for hotels within our network.


     Centralized procurement system (CPS). Leveraging IoT technology, our CPS is the most representative
     top collection platform. Our CPS has enabled us to efficiently manage our operating costs, especially
     with respect to supplies used in large quantities, and allows all hotels across our network to make bulk
     purchases of hotel supplies at the same time.




20   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                           BUSINESS OVERVIEW



DIGITAL HOTEL SOLUTIONS
Cloud-based property management system (Cloud-PMS) . A property management system is a hotel
management software suite that hotel managers and front desk staff use to manage every hotel’s daily
business operations. It is the core component of our H-HOS. Our Cloud-PMS is a cloud-based, hotel-
level application that is empowered by, and seamlessly integrated with, our centralized technology
infrastructure (which is comprised of our RMS and other group-level modules). Unlike onsite-PMSs which
require significant upfront hardware investment and are costly and time-consuming to upgrade, our
cloud-based PMS is highly scalable and enables the simultaneous launch of new services across all of
our hotels. This system enables each hotel within our network to efficiently and cost-effectively manage
its room inventory, reservations and pricing on its own on a real-time basis through an Internet browser,
which in turn optimizes each hotel’s occupancy rate, average daily room rates, and revenues generated
per available room, or RevPAR. The system is designed to enable us to enhance our profitability and
compete more effectively by integrating with our central reservation system (CRS) and CRM. We believe
our Cloud-PMS has enabled our management to more effectively assess the performance of our hotels
on a timely basis and to efficiently allocate resources and effectively identify specific market and sales
targets.


“Easy” series. We have implemented an “Easy” series digital system to improve our hotel’s operating
efficiency. For example, our “Easy House Keeping” digital system, which is the first of its kind in the
industry, streamlines and digitizes various hotel housekeeping processes, including room cleaning,
room status update and maintenance, which in turn reduces the time between check-out and check-in
of a hotel room, increasing hotel room turnover efficiency. This system features an in-house developed,
designated mobile application which automatically assigns cleaning or maintenance staff to a room that
requires cleaning or repairs. In addition, our “Easy Invoicing” digital system greatly simplifies the check-
out process for business travelers.


Self-check-in/out guest terminals . Our user-friendly, patented self-check-in/out guest terminals,
featuring a variety of advanced automated technologies to replace traditional manual check-in and
check-out services.


Digital payment initiatives . We currently offer a variety of convenient digital payment options for our hotel
guests, including online credit card payment, Alipay, WeChat Pay, and Apple Pay.


Complimentary Wi-Fi . We were one of the first in China to offer complimentary Wi-Fi to all hotel guests
in 2013. This initiative has greatly contributed to the growth of our customer base and has become
mainstream in the industry.


ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE
Smart robots . We are one of the first hotel groups in China that have achieved large-scale deployment
of smart robots. These smart robots powered by big data and algorithms, which we co-developed with
our partner, can travel the entire hotel to make deliveries of snacks, toiletries and other hotel amenities,
greet guests and lead them to their rooms, improving both the hotel’s operating efficiency and guest
experience.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   21
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW


     AI assistant . Our intelligent AI assistant, which we co-launched with our partner, is a pioneer in China’s
     hotel industry based on intelligent voice recognition technology. Embedded in our mobile apps, our
     intelligent AI assistant can engage in conversation with hotel guests and answer their queries, thereby
     enhancing guest experience.


     Smart rooms . A number of other smart features of our hotel rooms also help enhance the quality of
     guests’ stay. For example, one of our AI initiatives, “Hello Huazhu,” also enables voice control of room
     facilities such as lights, TV, air-conditioning, and window shades.


     PRIVACY AND DATA SECURITY
     We place a strong emphasis on data security. We have established dedicated committees for the
     oversight and management of data security, such as our information security committee, information
     security and privacy protection working group, and special data security committee. We also have a
     dedicated information security center that provides other departments with professional data security
     and risk management services. For more details on our governance with respect to privacy and data
     security, see “Other Information for Shareholders – Cybersecurity – Governance.”


     We strictly comply with privacy and data security laws of the jurisdictions where we operate, including
     Cybersecurity Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Data Security Law of the People’s Republic
     of China, the Personal Information Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China, and the General
     Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) of the European Union. We have in place extensive policies,
     processes, network architecture, and software to protect customer data. Our major systems, including
     those regarding property management, customer relationship management, as well as our website and
     mobile apps, have passed the Level III information security protection assessment conducted by the
     China National Accreditation Service for Conformity Assessment. We have also obtained the ISO27001
     information security management certification and the ISO27701 privacy information management
     certification. Our payment system has passed the payment card industry (“PCI”) data security standard
     (“DSS”) requirements and security assessment procedures assessment. In addition, we collaborate with
     renowned consulting companies to strengthen the infrastructure of our information technologies and
     systems and to ensure compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.


     We attach great importance to customer privacy and security, adhere to the requirements of data
     security, and have implemented relevant protection measures in all aspects throughout the data life
     cycle. We strictly comply with relevant laws and regulations, carry out compliance analyses on our
     internal App to ensure that the collection, use and processing of personal information are legal and
     compliant, and adopt the principle of minimum necessity to only collect customer information with the
     authorization and consent of customers. All personal information of guests is classified as the upmost
     confidential data in our data security system.




22   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                          BUSINESS OVERVIEW


We have real-time controls over networks and network services to ensure that users can only access
authorized networks and network services. Employee can only access authorized internal resources and,
by default, enjoys only minimal authorities. We conduct at least one vulnerability scan per year covering
all production devices. The information security team implements a 24/7 emergency response strategy,
performs annual data security compliance assessments, and conducts occasional security-related
audits to ensure continuous data security compliance.


We have set up the H World Security Response Center, inviting external security experts to submit
online reports outlining security vulnerabilities in our products and business to help us discover and
resolve security issues in a timely manner. We are committed to safeguarding the security of hundreds
of millions of our members and Internet users. In addition, we are committed to building the information
security ecology across the hotel industry. For example, to build an inclusive and win-win ecosystem, we
actively hold information security events, establish information security industry alliances and jointly
publish industry white papers.


SALES AND MARKETING
Our marketing strategy is designed to enhance our brand recognition and customer loyalty. Building
and differentiating the brand image of each of our hotel products is critical to increasing our brand
recognition. We focus on targeting the distinct guest segments that each of our hotel products serves
and adopting effective marketing measures based on thorough analysis and application of data and
analytics. In 2025, approximately 77% of our room nights under legacy Huazhu were sold through our
own sales channels and the remaining 23% of our room nights were sold through intermediaries.


We use our RMS and Cloud-PMS systems to conduct pricing management for all of our hotels except
for our franchised hotels. We review our hotel pricing regularly and adjust room rates as needed based
on local market conditions and the specific location of each hotel, focusing mainly on three factors: (i)
optimum occupancy rate of the hotel and our other hotels nearby, (ii) seasonal demand for the hotel, and
(iii) event-driven demand for the hotel.


A key component of our marketing efforts is the H Rewards, our loyalty program, which covers all of
our brands. We believe the H Rewards loyalty program allows us to build customer loyalty and conduct
lower-cost, targeted marketing campaigns. As of December 31, 2025, our H Rewards had more than
311 million members. In 2025, approximately 73% of our room nights under legacy Huazhu were sold to
our H Rewards members. Members of the H Rewards are provided with discounts on room rates, free
breakfasts (for gold and platinum members), more convenient check-out procedures, and other benefits.
H Rewards members can also accumulate points through stays in our hotels or by purchasing products
and services provided at our hotels and from Huazhu Mall. These points can be used to offset the room
charges in our hotels, buy products in Huazhu Mall or be redeemed for various coupons. The H Rewards
includes five levels of membership: star, silver, rose gold, gold, and platinum. Rose gold membership is
only available for corporate members of the H Rewards. H Rewards was previously known as HanTing
Club and HuaZhu Club.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   23
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW



     COMPETITION
     The hotel industry is highly fragmented. A significant majority of the room supply has come from
     independent hotels, guest houses and other lodging facilities. In recent years, hotel groups emerged and
     began to consolidate the market by converting independent hotels into hotel chains. As a multi-brand
     hotel group, we believe that we compete primarily based on location, room rates, brand recognition,
     quality of accommodations, geographic coverage, service quality, range of services, guest amenities,
     and convenience of the central reservation system. We primarily compete with other hotel chains as
     well as various independent hotels in each of the markets in which we operate, including Chinese hotel
     groups such as BTG Hotels, Jinjiang, and Atour, as well as international hotel groups such as Marriot,
     Intercontinental, Accor, and Hilton. We also face competition from Airbnb and service apartments.


     INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
     We regard our trademarks, copyrights, domain names, trade secrets and other intellectual property
     rights as critical to our business. We rely on a combination of copyright and trademark law, trade secret
     protection and confidentiality agreements with our employees, business partners and others, to protect
     our intellectual property rights.


     The trademarks and logos used in our current hotels are under protection of the registered trademarks
     and logos. As of December 31, 2025, we registered 1,991 trademarks and logos with the China National
     Intellectual Property Administration (CNIPA). As of December 31, 2025, we filed 297 trademark
     applications pending for examination and review by the CNIPA. As of the same date, we also registered
     1,907 trademarks and filed 229 trademark applications outside China. As of December 31, 2025, we
     received 41 patents; another 11 patents were applied and under review by relevant PRC authority.
     We also received copyright registration certificates for 243 software programs developed by us as of
     December 31, 2025. In addition, we registered 710 national and international top-level domain names,
     including www.hworld.com, as of December 31, 2025. Our intellectual property is subject to risks of theft
     and other unauthorized use, and our ability to protect our intellectual property from unauthorized use is
     limited. In addition, we may be subject to claims that we have infringed the intellectual property rights
     of others. See “Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our Business – Failure to protect our tradenames and
     trademarks as well as other intellectual property rights could have a negative impact on our brands and
     adversely affect our business.”


     INSURANCE
     We believe that our hotels are covered by adequate property and liability insurance policies with
     coverage features and insured limits that we believe are customary for similar companies in China and
     overseas. We also require our franchisees to carry adequate property and liability insurance policies.
     We carry property insurance that covers the assets that we own at our hotels. Although we require our
     franchisees to purchase customary insurance policies, we cannot guarantee that they will adhere to
     such requirements. If we were held liable for amounts and claims exceeding the limits of our insurance
     coverage or outside the scope of our insurance coverage, our business, results of operations, and
     financial condition may be materially and adversely affected. See “Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our
     Business – Our limited insurance coverage may expose us to losses, which may have a material adverse
     effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations.”



24   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                         BUSINESS OVERVIEW



LEGAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEEDINGS
In the ordinary course of our business, we, our directors, management and employees are subject to
legal or administrative proceedings. Although we cannot predict with certainty the ultimate resolution
of lawsuits, investigations and claims asserted against us, our directors, management and employees,
we do not believe that any currently pending legal or administrative proceeding to which we, our
directors, management and employees are a party will have a material adverse effect on our business
or reputation. See “Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our Business – We, our directors, management and
employees may be subject to certain risks related to legal proceedings filed by or against us, and adverse
results may harm our business.”


As of December 31, 2025, we had several pending legal and administrative proceedings, including lease
contract disputes, franchise agreement disputes and labor disputes. As of the same date, our accrued
contingent liability was RMB16 million (US$2 million).


SUSTAINABLE HOSPITALITY
As a global multi-brand hotel group, we remain committed to integrating sustainability into our long-term
development. In 2025, we further embedded ESG principles into our strategy and operations, advancing
responsible growth while enhancing long-term value creation for stakeholders.


ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP
We always adhere to the concept of green development and fulfil our responsibility for environmental
protection. While delivering high-quality hotel services to guests, we strive to minimize the environmental
impact of our operations. We are committed to achieving carbon neutrality by 2050, based on total Scope
1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions in 2023.


We continued to advance green building, green operations, and green services across the full life cycle of
hotel development and management. We promoted modular construction to improve resource efficiency
and reduce waste, while accelerating the deployment of renewable energy solutions such as air-source
heat pumps and solar systems. By the end of 2025, over 4,800 of our hotels had been equipped with
air-source heat pumps, and over 1,100 hotels had adopted solar water heating systems. 64 hotels had
obtained Global Sustainable Tourism Council (GSTC) certification, and 160 hotels were certified as “China
Green Hotels”. As of the same date, around 98% of Legacy DH’s leased hotels held both ISO 50001 Energy
Management System Certification and ISO 14001 Environmental Management System Certification.


At the operational level, we strengthened digital energy and water management through the smart
platform “Easy Energy Consumption”, improving resource efficiency and enabling real-time monitoring.
In parallel, we actively expanded green certifications and enhanced environmental management
systems at the property level. By the end of 2025, 11,250 of our hotels were equipped with “Easy Energy
Consumption”.




                                                                    H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   25
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW


     We also strengthened water stewardship. The Chief Executive Officer is responsible for overseeing
     water resource management strategy and performance. Key measures include the installation of water-
     efficient fixtures, optimization of irrigation systems, systematic leakage detection and repair, and water
     recycling. We closely monitor water conditions in the regions where we operate and leverage international
     water risk assessment tools to identify potential risks. For example, Legacy DH has implemented
     enhanced measures, including installing low-flow fixtures, optimizing operational processes,
     strengthening employee water-saving training, and continuously monitoring water consumption per
     occupied room. Additionally, the Madison Hotel in Xiamen Software Park implemented a condensate
     water recovery project in 2025, collecting air conditioning condensate for reuse in cooling towers and
     establishing a closed-loop “collect-treat-reuse-monitor” system integrated into hotel operations.


     We also extend the green development requirements to our suppliers. Taking laundry suppliers as an
     example, we have incorporated environmental criteria into our supplier selection process, specifying
     requirements for equipment’s water and energy-saving capabilities, laundry chemical types and the
     inspection procedures. We actively encourage them to utilize tunnel washers that use water recycling
     and filtration technology. In 2025, our “Smart Linen Project” continued, with linens in over 2,300 our
     hotels already installed with chips. These chips can accurately identify the linens’ affiliated hotels, while
     tracking washing conditions such as water temperature, washing duration, and number of washes. At the
     same time, we actively collaborate with suppliers to develop eco-friendly consumables, which include
     wheat straw brushes, corn starch shower caps, natural bamboo paper, and RPET (Recycled Polyethylene
     Terephthalate)-bottled body care products. Through iterative improvements and continuous cooperation
     with suppliers, we aim to transform our environmental philosophy into an industry benchmark, and then
     promote its adoption across the whole sector.


     At the customer level, we actively engage guests in our environmental initiative of “Green Living, Towel
     Reuse” (“Green Living”) by encouraging practices such as reusing towels, bringing personal toiletries, and
     opting out of daily cleaning services during extended stays, alongside promoting green travel programs.
     Meanwhile, we extended sustainability requirements into our supply chain by promoting environmentally
     responsible sourcing practices, such as plant-based products and cage-free egg procurement,
     contributing to climate action and biodiversity protection.


     At the employee level, we introduced a dedicated ESG and Sustainable Development module on our
     company-wide Excellence Forum, serving as an online learning platform for our employees. This program
     is designed to provide foundational knowledge on ESG principles and sustainable development practices.
     During the reporting period, we carried out structured monthly ESG awareness campaigns, highlighting
     key environmental observances such as World Environment Day, Earth Day, World Oceans Day,
     International Migratory Bird Day, International Polar Bear Day, and World Water Day. These initiatives
     strengthened employees’ environmental consciousness, encouraged the adoption of eco-friendly
     practices in daily operations, and promoted participation in our “Green Living” service program.




26   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                            BUSINESS OVERVIEW



SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
We remained focused on delivering safe, reliable, and high-quality hospitality experiences. We
continuously strengthened guest safety management, service quality, and data privacy protection,
ensuring a trusted and secure environment. We have established a “three-tier safety operation system”
comprising expert safety inspections, random checks by Safety Ambassadors, and routine self-
assessments by hotel managers, enhancing the safety management standards across all properties. In
2025, professional safety audits covered over 50% of the hotels, while dedicated inspections by Safety
Ambassadors covered more than 95% of the properties. We have also obtained the ISO27001 information
security management certification.


We continued to advance inclusive hospitality by promoting the All-Age Friendly Barrier-Free Program,
creating more accessible and comfortable spaces for diverse customer groups. Meanwhile, we
strengthened responsible procurement practices to enhance supply chain resilience and sustainability.
We also placed strong emphasis on employee development and wellbeing through systematic training
and capability-building programs. In 2025, the All-Age Friendly Barrier-Free Program was awarded the
Gold Prize in the China Hotel Industry ESG Innovation Competition.


In addition, we actively fulfilled our social responsibilities through long-term public welfare initiatives,
including education support and rural revitalization programs. By the end of 2025, a total of 13,473
students had benefited from the Scholarly HanTing online teaching public welfare project. We also
partnered with over 130 universities across China to promote industry-academy integration and build a
talent pipeline for long-term development.


EFFECTIVE GOVERNANCE
We continued to strengthen our ESG governance framework. We established a Sustainability Committee
under the Board of Directors, a Sustainability Management Committee, and specialized Sustainability
Working Groups, thereby enhancing high-level oversight and strategic coordination of ESG matters. The
Sustainability Committee is responsible for overseeing and addressing key ESG priorities, including water
stress, carbon emissions, privacy and data security, and other related sustainability matters. To ensure
accountability, we have linked sustainability performance to the performance evaluations of brand CEOs,
ensuring that ESG objectives are effectively embedded into business decision-making and execution.


At the same time, we upgraded the sustainability strategy and reinforced risk management, internal
control, and compliance systems, ensuring effective governance across all business segments and
regions. We also continuously improved our business ethics framework and stakeholder communication
mechanisms, fostering a culture of integrity, transparency, and accountability.


In 2025, we conducted two business ethics training sessions, achieving 100% employee coverage. In
addition, all of Legacy Huazhu’s core suppliers have signed the Sunshine Agreement, and Legacy DH has
signed the Supplier and Business Partner Code of Conduct with all of its suppliers.


Through these continued efforts, our ESG performance received broad recognition. In 2025, our MSCI
ESG rating was upgraded to A, along with more than ten sustainability awards, demonstrating our solid
progress toward becoming a more sustainable and responsible global hospitality leader.



                                                                       H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   27
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW



     REGULATION
     The hotel industry in the countries and regions where we operate business, including China, is subject to
     a number of laws and regulations, including laws and regulations relating specifically to hotel operation,
     management and commercial franchising, and travel agency business, as well as those relating to
     environmental and consumer protection. The principal regulations governing foreign ownership of hotel
     businesses in the PRC currently are the Negative List issued on September 6, 2024, which became
     effective on November 1, 2024, and the Encouraged Catalogue issued on December 15, 2025, which
     became effective on February 1, 2026, both of which were promulgated by the MOFCOM, or the MOC, and
     the NDRC as well as other negative lists (generally with fewer limitations) applicable to the free trade
     zones. Pursuant to these regulations, there are no restrictions on foreign investment in hotel businesses
     in China aside from business licenses and other permits that every hotel must obtain. Similar with other
     industries in China, regulations governing the hotel industry in China are still developing and evolving.
     As a result, most legislative actions consist of general measures such as industry standards, rules or
     circulars issued by different ministries rather than detailed legislations. This section summarizes the
     principal regulations in the countries and regions we operate that are currently relevant to our business
     and operations.


     REGULATIONS ON HOTEL OPERATION
     The Ministry of Public Security issued the Measures for the Control of Security in the Hotel Industry in
     November 1987 and amended it in 2011, 2020 and 2022, respectively, and the State Council promulgated
     the Decision of the State Council on Establishing Administrative License for Necessarily Retained Items
     Requiring Administrative Examination and Approval in June 2004 and amended it in January 2009 and
     August 2016, respectively. Under these two regulations, anyone who applies to operate a hotel is subject
     to examination and approval by the local public security authority and must obtain a special industry
     license. The Measures for the Control of Security in the Hotel Industry impose certain security control
     obligations on the operators. For example, the hotel must examine the identification card of any guest
     to whom accommodation is provided and make an accurate registration. The hotel must also report to
     the local public security authority if it discovers anyone violating the law or behaving suspiciously or an
     offender wanted by the public security authority. Pursuant to the Measures for the Control of Security
     in the Hotel Industry , hotels failing to obtain the special industry license may be subject to warnings or
     fines of up to RMB200. In addition, pursuant to the Law of the PRC on Penalties for the Violation of Public
     Security Administration promulgated in August 2005, amended in October 2012 and June 2025, and
     effective January 1, 2026, hotels operating without the special industry license may result in detention
     up to 15 days, fines up to RMB5,000, and confiscation of illegal gains. Operators of hotel businesses
     who have obtained a special industry license but violate applicable administrative regulations may
     also be subject to revocation of such licenses in serious circumstances. Besides, non-compliance with
     guest registration rules may result in fines and directly responsible personnel may face detention for
     intentional safety violations.




28   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                              BUSINESS OVERVIEW


The State Council promulgated the Administrative Regulations on Sanitation of Public Places in April
1987 and most recently amended it in December 2024, according to which, a hotel must obtain a public
area hygiene license before opening for business. Pursuant to this regulation, hotels failing to obtain
a public area hygiene license may be subject to the following administrative penalties depending on
the seriousness of their respective activities: (i) warnings; (ii) fines; or (iii) orders to suspend or cease
continuing business operations. In March 2011, the Ministry of Health promulgated the Implementation
Rules of the Administrative Regulations on Sanitation of Public Places , which was amended in January
2016 and December 2017, according to which, starting from May 1, 2011, hotel operators shall establish
sanitation management system and keep records of sanitation management. The Standing Committee
of the NPC enacted the Food Safety Law of the PRC in February 2009, which was most recently amended
in December 2025. The State Administration for Market Regulation, or the SAMR (previously known as
“China Food and Drug Administration”), enacted the Measures for the Administration of Food Trade
Licensing and Recordation on June 15, 2023, which became effective on December 1, 2023, according
to which any entity involving sales of food or food services must obtain a food business license, unless
it sells (i) edible agricultural products, (ii) prepackaged food only, (iii) specific full-nutritional formula
food in formula food for special medical purposes by a medical institution or drug retailer, or (iv) food
produced by a permitted food producer at its production and processing place or through the Internet
only. Pursuant to the Food Safety Law of the PRC , hotels failing to obtain the food business license
(or formerly the food service license) may be subject to: (i) confiscation of illegal gains, food illegally
produced for sale, and tools, facilities and raw materials used for illegal production; or (ii) fines between
RMB50,000 and RMB100,000 if the value of food illegally produced is less than RMB10,000, or fines
equal to 10 to 20 times of the value of food if such value is equal to or more than RMB10,000. Moreover,
The Law of the PRC on Public Health Emergency Response , passed on September 12, 2025 and effective
on November 1, 2025, establishes a comprehensive legal framework for emergency response. It
mandates that entities, including hotels, assess risks, should formulate emergency plans, and conduct
drills. The law specifies legal liability for non-compliance.




                                                                         H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   29
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW


     The Fire Prevention Law of the PRC , promulgated in April 1998 and amended in October 2008, April 2019
     and April 2021 by the Standing Committee of the NPC, and the Provisions on Supervision and Inspection
     on Fire Prevention and Control , promulgated on June 9, 2004 and most recently amended on July 17,
     2012 by the Ministry of Public Security, together with the Interim Provisions on the Administration of Fire
     Protection Design Review and Final Inspection of Construction Projects , promulgated by the Ministry of
     Housing and Urban-Rural Development on April 1, 2020 and most recently amended on August 21, 2023,
     require that (i) the fire prevention design documents of special construction projects, such as hotels
     with overall floor area of more than 10,000 square meters, shall be reviewed and inspected by local
     housing and urban-rural construction authorities before construction; (ii) the construction of specific
     construction projects, such as hotels with overall floor area of more than 10,000 square meters be
     inspected and accepted by local housing and urban-rural construction authorities from a fire prevention
     perspective before completion; and (iii) the public gathering places, such as hotels, shall complete
     fire prevention safety inspection with the local fire and rescue department, which is a prerequisite
     for business opening. Pursuant to these regulations, related hotels failing to obtain approval of fire
     prevention inspection and acceptance or failing fire prevention safety inspections (including acceptance
     check and safety check on fire prevention) may be subject to: (i) orders to suspend the construction of
     projects, use or operation of business; and (ii) fines between RMB30,000 and RMB300,000.


     In January 2006, the State Council promulgated the Regulations for Administration of Entertainment
     Places , which was amended in February 2016 and November 2020. The Ministry of Culture issued the
     Administrative Measures for Entertainment Places in February 2013 and amended it in December 2017
     and May 2022. Under these regulations, hotels that provide entertainment facilities, such as discos,
     karaoke venues or ballrooms, are required to obtain a license for entertainment business operations.


     On October 18, 2010, the General Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection and Quarantine and
     Standardization Administration approved and issued Classification and Accreditation for Star-rated
     Tourist Hotels (GB/T14308-2010), which became effective on January 1, 2011. On November 27, 2023,
     the Ministry of Culture and Tourism issued the latest version of Classification and Accreditation for Star-
     rated Tourist Hotels (GB/T14308-2023), which took effect on March 1, 2024. On November 19, 2010,
     the National Tourist Administration promulgated the Implementation Measures of Classification and
     Accreditation for Star-rated Tourist Hotels , which became effective on January 1, 2011. Under these
     regulations, all hotels with operations of over one year are eligible to apply for a star rating assessment.
     There are five ratings from one star to five stars for tourist hotels, assessed based on the level of
     facilities, management standards and quality of service. A star rating, once granted, is valid for three
     years.




30   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                            BUSINESS OVERVIEW


On September 21, 2012, the MOFCOM promulgated the Provisional Administrative Measures for Single-
purpose Commercial Prepaid Cards , which was amended on August 18, 2016. Pursuant to this regulation,
if an enterprise engaged in retail, accommodation and catering, or residential services issues any single-
purpose commercial prepaid card to its customers, it should undergo a record-filing procedure. For
a hotel primarily engaged in the business of accommodation, the aggregate balance of the advance
payment under the single-purpose commercial prepaid cards it issued shall not exceed 40% of its
income from its primary business in the previous financial year.


On April 25, 2013, the Standing Committee of the NPC issued the Tourism Law of the PRC , which became
effective on October 1, 2013 and was most recently amended on October 26, 2018. According to this
law, the accommodation operators shall fulfill their obligations under the agreements with customers.
If the accommodation operators subcontract part of their services to any third party or involve any third
party to provide services to customers, the accommodation operators shall assume the joint and several
liabilities with the third parties for any damage caused to the customers.


REGULATIONS ON TRAVEL AGENCY BUSINESS
Generally, the travel agency business is subject to the Regulations on Travel Agencies promulgated
by the State Council on February 20, 2009 and last amended on November 29, 2020, which prohibits
foreign-invested travel agencies from providing travel services to Chinese mainland residents for their
travels to foreign countries, and to Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan.


On August 20, 2020, the Ministry of Culture and Tourism promulgated a Tentative Administrative Measure
on Online Travel Operation , which was intended to standardize the online travel operation business. The
online travel operation services mean the provision of travel services to the travelers via information
network such as Internet, and such services include package tour, transportation, accommodation,
dining, sightseeing, entertainment and so on. The operator of online travel business shall provide real
and accurate travel services information without false promotion and advertisement. The operator of
online travel platform shall verify the identification, license, quality standard and credit rating of all
travel business operators registered on the platform. The online travel business operator shall protect
the personal data privacy of travelers and shall not set unfair trading conditions based on consumption
record and preference by abusing data analyzing technology. The platform operator shall examine the
license and qualification of travel business operators inside the platform and alert the travelers for
safety warning, and shall take the liability if it fails to perform relevant obligations requested by such
administrative measures.




                                                                       H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   31
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW



     REGULATIONS ON LEASING
     Under the Law of the PRC on Administration of Urban Real Estate promulgated by the Standing
     Committee of the NPC, which took effect as of January 1995 and was amended in August 2007, August
     2009 and August 2019, respectively, and the Administrative Measures on Leasing of Commodity House
     promulgated by the Ministry of Housing and Urban-rural Construction, which took effect as of February
     1, 2011, when leasing premises, the lessor and lessee are required to enter into a written lease contract,
     prescribing such provisions as the leasing term, use of the premises, rental and repair liabilities, and
     other rights and obligations of both parties. Both lessor and lessee are also required to go through
     registration procedures to record the lease with the real estate administration department. Pursuant to
     these laws and regulations and various local regulations, if the lessor and lessee fail to go through the
     registration procedures, both lessor and lessee may be subject to fines, and the leasing interest will be
     subordinated to an interested third party acting in good faith.


     In May 2020, the NPC, the China legislature, passed the Civil Code of the PRC , or the Civil Code, which
     took effect on January 1, 2021. According to Chapter 14, Book 3 of the Civil Code , which governs lease
     agreements, subject to consent of the lessor, the lessee may sublease the leased item to a third party.
     Where the lessee subleases the lease item, the leasing contract between the lessee and the lessor
     remains valid. The lessor is entitled to terminate the contract if the lessee subleases the lease item
     without the consent of the lessor.


     Pursuant to Chapter 17, Book 2 of the Civil Code , which where a mortgagor leases the mortgaged property
     and the possession thereof has been transferred before the creation of mortgage interest, the previously
     established leasing relation shall not be affected; and where a mortgagor leases the mortgaged property
     after the creation of the mortgage interest, the leasing interest will be subordinated to the registered
     mortgage interest.


     REGULATIONS ON CONSUMER PROTECTION
     In October 1993, the Standing Committee of the NPC promulgated the Law of the PRC on the Protection
     of the Rights and Interests of Consumers , or the Consumer Protection Law , which became effective
     on January 1, 1994 and was lately amended in October 2013. Under the Consumer Protection Law ,
     a business operator providing a commodity or service to a consumer is subject to a number of
     requirements, including the following:


     •      to ensure that commodities and services meet with certain safety requirements;


     •      to protect the safety of consumers;


     •      to disclose serious defects of a commodity or a service and to adopt preventive measures against
            damage occurrence;


     •      to provide consumers with accurate information and to refrain from conducting false advertising;




32   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                             BUSINESS OVERVIEW


•      to obtain consents of consumers and to disclose the rules for the collection and/or use of
       information when collecting data or information from consumers; to take technical measures
       and other necessary measures to protect the personal information collected from consumers;
       not to divulge, sell, or illegally provide consumers’ information to others; not to send commercial
       information to consumers without the consent or request of consumers or with a clear refusal
       from consumers;


•      not to set unreasonable or unfair terms for consumers or alleviate or release itself from civil
       liability for harming the legal rights and interests of consumers by means of standard contracts,
       circulars, announcements, shop notices or other means;


•      to remind consumers in a conspicuous manner to pay attention to the quality, quantity and prices
       or fees of commodities or services, duration and manner of performance, safety precautions
       and risk warnings, after-sales service, civil liability and other terms and conditions vital to the
       interests of consumers under a standard form of agreement prepared by the business operators,
       and to provide explanations as required by consumers; and


•      not to insult or slander consumers or to search the person of, or articles carried by, a consumer or
       to infringe upon the personal freedom of a consumer.


Business operators may be subject to civil liabilities for failing to fulfill the obligations listed above.
These liabilities include restoring the consumer’s reputation, eliminating the adverse effects suffered by
the consumer, and offering an apology and compensation for any losses incurred. The following penalties
may also be imposed upon business operators for the infraction of these obligations: issuance of a
warning, confiscation of any illegal income, imposition of a fine, an order to cease business operation,
revocation of its business license or imposition of criminal liabilities under circumstances that are
specified in laws and statutory regulations. Art. 1198 of the Civil Code further increases the liabilities
of business operators engaged in the operation of hotels, restaurants, or entertainment facilities and
subjects such operators to tort liabilities for failing to guarantee the personal safety of others.


REGULATIONS ON ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION
In February 2012, the Standing Committee of the NPC issued the newly amended Law of the PRC on
Promoting Clean Production , which regulates service enterprises such as restaurants, entertainment
establishments and hotels and requires them to use technologies and equipment that conserve energy
and water, serve other environmental protection purposes, and reduce or stop the use of consumer
goods that waste resources or pollute the environment.




                                                                        H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   33
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW


     According to the Environmental Protection Law of the PRC promulgated by the Standing Committee
     of the NPC on December 26, 1989 and last amended on April 24, 2014, the Environmental Impact
     Assessment Law of the PRC promulgated by the Standing Committee of the NPC on October 28, 2002
     and last amended on December 29, 2018, the Administrative Regulations on Environmental Protection
     for Construction Projects promulgated by the State Council on November 29, 1998 and amended on
     July 16, 2017, the Interim Measures on Acceptance of Environmental Protection for Completion of
     Construction Projects promulgated by the Ministry of Environmental Protection (renamed as the Ministry
     of Ecology and Environment) on November 20, 2017 and effective as of the same date and the Category-
     Based Management Directory on the Environmental Impact Assessment for Construction Projects
     (Edition 2021) issued by the Ministry of Ecology and Environment, hotels which involve Environment
     Sensitive Areas should submit a Form on Environmental Impact Assessment to competent environmental
     protection authorities for approvals, and shall prepare and make public an Acceptance Inspection
     Report of the Environmental Protection Facilities before commencing the operation. Such Environment
     Sensitive Areas are defined by the Category-Based Management Directory on the Environmental Impact
     Assessment for Construction Projects (Edition 2021) , which was issued by the Ministry of Ecology and
     Environment. Pursuant to the Environmental Impact Assessment Law , any hotel failing to obtain the
     approval of the Form of Environmental Impact Assessment may be ordered to cease construction and
     restore the property to its original state, and according to the violation activities committed and the
     harmful consequences thereof, be subject to fines of no less than 1% but no more than 5% of the total
     investment amount for the construction project of such hotel. The person directly responsible for the
     project may be subject to certain administrative penalties. Pursuant to the Administrative Regulations on
     Environmental Protection for Construction Projects , where the construction project is put into production
     or use when the environmental protection facilities have not undergone acceptance inspection or do
     not pass acceptance inspection, the responsible hotels may be ordered to make correction within a
     stipulated period and subject to a fine ranging from RMB200,000 to RMB1 million; where correction is
     not made within the stipulated period, a fine ranging from RMB1 million to RMB2 million will be imposed.
     The directly responsible person may be subject to a fine ranging from RMB50,000 to RMB200,000. If the
     construction project causes any significant environmental pollution or ecological damage, the production
     or use should be suspended, or the project should be closed down upon approval by the relevant local
     regulators. Furthermore, any hotel failing to public the Acceptance Inspection Report may be ordered to
     publicize the Report, and may be subject to a fine ranging from RMB50,000 to RMB200,000. The relevant
     breach may also be announced by local environmental protection authorities.


     REGULATIONS ON COMMERCIAL FRANCHISING
     Franchise operations are subject to the supervision and administration of the MOFCOM, and its regional
     counterparts. Such activities are currently regulated by the Administrative Regulations on Commercial
     Franchising , which was promulgated by the State Council on February 6, 2007 and became effective
     on May 1, 2007. The Administrative Regulations on Commercial Franchising were subsequently
     supplemented by the Administrative Measures on Filing of Commercial Franchises , which was most
     recently amended by the MOFCOM on December 29, 2023 and became effective on the same date, and
     the newly amended Administrative Measures on Information Disclosure of Commercial Franchises , which
     was most recently amended by the MOFCOM on February 23, 2012 and became effective on April 1, 2012.




34   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                          BUSINESS OVERVIEW


Under the above applicable regulations, a franchisor must have certain prerequisites including a
mature business model, the capability to provide long-term business guidance and training services to
franchisees and ownership of at least two self-operated storefronts that have been in operation for at
least one year. Franchisors engaged in franchising activities without satisfying the above requirements
may be subject to penalties such as forfeit of illegal income and imposition of fines between RMB100,000
and RMB500,000 and may be bulletined by the MOFCOM or its local counterparts. Franchise contracts
shall include certain required provisions, such as terms, termination rights and payments.


Franchisors are generally required to file franchise contracts with the MOFCOM or its local counterparts.
Failure to report franchising activities may result in penalties such as fines up to RMB100,000. Such
noncompliance may also be bulletined. In the first quarter of every year, franchisors are required
to report to the MOFCOM or its local counterparts any franchise contracts they executed, canceled,
renewed or amended in the previous year.


The term of a franchise contract shall be no less than three years unless otherwise agreed by
franchisees. The franchisee is entitled to terminate the franchise contract in his sole discretion within a
set period of time upon signing of the franchise contract.


Pursuant to the Administrative Measures on Information Disclosure of Commercial Franchises , 30 days
prior to the execution of franchise contracts, franchisors are required to provide franchisees with copies
of the franchise contracts, as well as written true and accurate basic information on matters including:


•      the name, domiciles, legal representative, registered capital, scope of business and basic
       information relating to its commercial franchising;


•      basic information relating to the registered trademark, logo, patent, know-how and business
       model;


•      the type, amount and method of payment of franchise fees (including payment of deposit and the
       conditions and method of refund of deposit);


•      the price and conditions for the franchisor to provide goods, service and equipment to the
       franchisee;


•      the detailed plan, provision and implementation plan of consistent services including operational
       guidance, technical support and business training provided to the franchisee;


•      detailed measures for guiding and supervising the operation of the franchisor;


•      investment budget for all franchised hotels of the franchisee;


•      the current numbers, territory and operation evaluation of the franchisees within China;




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   35
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW


     •      a summary of accounting statements audited by an accounting firm and a summary of audit
            reports for the previous two years;


     •      information on any lawsuit in which the franchisor has been involved in the previous five years;


     •      basic information regarding whether the franchisor and its legal representative have any record of
            material violation; and


     •      other information required to be disclosed by the MOFCOM.


     In the event of failure to disclose or misrepresentation, the franchisee may terminate the franchise
     contract and the franchisor may be fined up to RMB100,000. In addition, such noncompliance may be
     bulletined.


     REGULATIONS ON TRADEMARKS
     Both the Trademark Law of the PRC adopted by the Standing Committee of the NPC on August 23, 1982
     and subsequently revised in 1993, 2001, 2013 and 2019, and the Implementation Regulation of the
     Trademark Law of the PRC adopted by the State Council on August 3, 2002 and revised on April 29, 2014
     give protection to the holders of registered trademarks. The CNIPA handles trademark registrations.
     Trademarks can be registered for a term of ten years and can be extended for another ten years if
     requested upon expiration of any ten-year term. Trademark licensing agreements should be submitted to
     the CNIPA for record. Without the filing, the trademark licensing should not be used against a bona fide
     third party.


     REGULATIONS ON FOREIGN CURRENCY EXCHANGE
     The principal regulations governing foreign currency exchange in China are the Foreign Exchange Control
     Regulations of the PRC promulgated by the State Council, as amended on August 5, 2008, or the Foreign
     Exchange Regulations. Under the Foreign Exchange Regulations, the RMB is freely convertible for current
     account items, including the distribution of dividends, interest payments, trade and service-related
     foreign exchange transactions, but not for capital account items, such as direct investments, loans,
     repatriation of investments and investments in securities outside of China, unless the prior approval of
     the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or the SAFE, is obtained and prior registration with the
     SAFE is made.




36   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                          BUSINESS OVERVIEW


The Circular on Reforming the Management Method regarding the Settlement of Foreign Exchange
Capital of Foreign-invested Enterprises (“Circular 19”), promulgated by the SAFE on March 30, 2015
and last amended on March 23, 2023, allows foreign-invested enterprises to make equity investments
by using RMB funds converted from foreign exchange capital. Under Circular 19, the foreign exchange
capital in the capital account of foreign-invested enterprises upon the confirmation of rights and
interests of monetary contribution by the local foreign exchange bureau (or the book-entry registration of
monetary contribution by the banks) can be settled at the banks based on the actual operation needs of
the enterprises. The proportion of willingness-based foreign exchange settlement of capital for foreign-
invested enterprises is temporarily set at 100%. The SAFE can adjust such proportion in due time based
on the circumstances of the international balance of payments. However, Circular 19 and the Circular
on Reforming and Regulating the Management Policies on the Settlement of Capital Projects (“Circular
16”), promulgated by the SAFE on and effective as of June 9, 2016, continues to prohibit foreign-
invested enterprises from, among other things, using RMB fund converted from its foreign exchange
capitals for expenditure beyond its business scope, investment and financing in securities and other
investments except for bank’s principal-secured products, providing loans to non-affiliated enterprises
or constructing or purchasing real estate not for self-use. Circular 16 has further been amended by
Circular of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Further Deepening Reform and Promoting
Cross-border Trade and Investment Facilitation issued by SAFE on December 4, 2023 (“Circular 28”) to
further explicit restrictions on the use of domestic institutions’ income from foreign exchange receipts
under capital account and the RMB funds obtained from the settlement. While recently, the Circular
on Matters Related to Deepening the Reform of Foreign Exchange Administration for Cross-border
Investment and Financing (Circular 43), promulgated and effective as of September 12, 2025, partially
relaxed the restriction under Circular 28 that “capital account foreign exchange receipts shall not be
used for the purchase of residential real estate for non-self-use purposes”. The use of foreign exchange
receipts under capital contributions and external debts of non-financial enterprises, as well as the RMB
funds converted therefrom, may be used for real estate investment, provided that they comply with other
existing regulatory requirements.


On October 23, 2019, the SAFE promulgated the Circular on Further Promoting the Facilitation of
Cross-border Trade and Investment (“Circular [2019] 28”). Pursuant to Circular [2019] 28, on the basis
of allowing investment-oriented foreign-invested enterprise (including foreign-invested investment
companies, foreign-invested venture capital enterprises and foreign-invested equity investment
enterprises) to use capital funds for domestic equity investment in accordance with laws and regulations,
non-investment foreign-invested enterprises shall be allowed to use capital funds for domestic equity
investment in accordance with the laws under the premise of not violating the Negative List and the
authenticity and compliance of their domestic invested projects. Such provisions have recently been
replaced by Circular 28 that when non-investing foreign-funded enterprise makes domestic equity
investment with capital funds in the domestic currency, the investee shall handle the registration for
the acceptance of domestic reinvestment and open a capital account to receive funds, and no entry
registration of cash contribution is further required. The domestic institution that transfers the equity
shall, in accordance with the relevant provisions, register the receipt of domestic reinvestment and open
a settlement account under the capital account to receive the consideration for equity transfer.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   37
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW


     According to the Circular on Optimizing Administration of Foreign Exchange to Support the Development
     of Foreign-related Business issued by the SAFE on April 10, 2020, eligible enterprises are allowed to
     make domestic payments by using their capital funds, foreign credits and the income under capital
     accounts of overseas listing, with no need to provide the evidentiary materials concerning authenticity
     of such capital for banks in advance, provided that their capital use shall be authentic and in line
     with provisions, and conform to the prevailing administrative regulations on the use of income under
     capital accounts. The concerned bank shall conduct spot checking in accordance with the relevant
     requirements.


     On December 25, 2006, the People’s Bank of China issued the Administration Measures on Individual
     Foreign Exchange Control and its Implementation Rules were issued by the SAFE on January 5, 2007,
     both of which became effective on February 1, 2007. The Implementation Rules was later partly amended
     on May 29, 2016 and March 23, 2023. Under these regulations, all foreign exchange matters involved in
     the employee stock ownership plan, stock option plan and other similar plans, participated by onshore
     individuals shall be transacted upon approval from the SAFE or its authorized branch. On February 15,
     2012, the SAFE promulgated the Notice on Relevant Issues Concerning Foreign Exchange Control on
     Domestic Individuals Participating in the Stock Incentive Plan of An Overseas Listed Company , or Circular
     7, to replace the Operating Procedures for Administration of Domestic Individuals Participating in the
     Employee Stock Option Plan or Stock Option Plan of An Overseas Listed Company . Under Circular 7, the
     board members, supervisors, officers or other employees, including PRC citizens and foreigners having
     lived within the territory of the PRC successively for at least one year of a PRC entity, who participate in
     stock incentive plans or equity compensation plans by an overseas publicly listed company, or the PRC
     participants, are required, through a PRC agent or PRC subsidiaries of such overseas publicly-listed
     company, to complete certain foreign exchange registration procedures with respect to the plans upon
     the examination by, and approval of, the SAFE. We and our PRC participants who have been granted stock
     options are subject to Circular 7. If our PRC participants who hold such options or our PRC subsidiary fail
     to comply with these regulations, such participants and their PRC employer may be subject to fines and
     legal sanctions.


     REGULATIONS ON FOREIGN INVESTMENT
     The Standing Committee of the NPC enacted the Foreign Investment Law of the PRC on March 15, 2019,
     and the State Council promulgated the Implementation Regulations of Foreign Investment Law of the
     PRC on December 26, 2019, both of which came into force on January 1, 2020. On December 30, 2019,
     the MOFCOM and the SAMR jointly promulgated the Measures on Reporting of Foreign Investment
     Information , which also became effective on January 1, 2020. Under these laws and regulations,
     foreign investors or foreign-invested enterprises shall report and update investment information to the
     competent authorities for commerce through the Enterprise Registration System and the Enterprise
     Credit Information Publicity System. Any foreign investor or foreign-invested company found to be non-
     compliant with these reporting obligations may potentially be subject to fines and legal sanctions.




38   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                          BUSINESS OVERVIEW


The Foreign Investment Law of the PRC , together with its Implementation Regulations replaced, in their
entirety, the trio of previous laws regulating foreign investment in China, namely, the Sino-foreign Equity
Joint Venture Enterprise Law , the Sino-foreign Cooperative Joint Venture Enterprise Law and the Wholly
Foreign-invested Enterprise Law , together with their implementation rules and ancillary regulations.
Generally speaking, the Company Law of the PRC (promulgated by the Standing Committee of the NPC in
December 1993 and was most recently amended in December 2023) or the Partnership Law of the PRC
(promulgated by the Standing Committee of the NPC in February 1997 and amended in August 2006)
shall apply with respect to the organization of foreign-invested enterprises.


REGULATIONS ON SHARE CAPITAL
In October 2005, the Standing Committee of the NPC issued the amended Company Law of the PRC ,
which became effective on January 1, 2006 and was then amended in March 2014, October 2018
and December 2023. On June 17, 2014, the MOFCOM issued the Notice of the Ministry of Commerce
on Improving the Administration of Foreign Investment Review . Pursuant to the above regulations,
shareholders of a foreign-invested company are obligated to make full and timely contribution to
the registered capital of the foreign-invested company in accordance with the Company Law of the
PRC and the company’s articles of association pursuant to which the restrictions or requirements on
the percentage of initial capital contribution, the percentage of cash contribution and the period of
contribution imposed on foreign-invested companies (including companies invested by investors from
Taiwan, Hong Kong and Macau) are abolished. A company which proposes to reduce its registered
capital shall prepare a balance sheet and a list of assets. The company shall notify its creditors within
ten days from the date of resolution on reduction of registered capital and publish an announcement in
the newspapers within 30 days. The creditors may, within 30 days from receipt of the notice or within 45
days from the announcement date, require the company to settle the debts or provide a corresponding
guarantee. Shareholders of certain of our PRC subsidiaries have mandatory preemptive rights.


REGULATIONS ON DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION
The principal regulations governing distribution of dividends of foreign-invested enterprises include the
Company Law of the PRC (the “Company Law”).


Under the Company Law, companies shall contribute 10% of the profits into their statutory surplus
reserve upon distribution of their post-tax profits of the current year. A company may discontinue the
contribution when the aggregate sum of the statutory surplus reserve is more than 50% of its registered
capital.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   39
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW



     REGULATIONS ON OFFSHORE FINANCING
     On October 21, 2005, the SAFE issued Notice on Relevant Issues Concerning Foreign Exchange Control
     on Domestic Residents’ Corporate Financing and Roundtrip Investment Through Offshore Special
     Purpose Vehicles , or Circular 75, which became effective as of November 1, 2005. Under Circular 75, if
     PRC residents use assets or equity interests in their PRC entities as capital contributions to establish
     offshore companies or inject assets or equity interests of their PRC entities into offshore companies
     to raise capital overseas, they are required to register with local SAFE branches with respect to their
     overseas investments in offshore companies. PRC residents are also required to file amendments to
     their registrations if their offshore companies experience material events involving capital variation,
     such as changes in share capital, share transfers, mergers and acquisitions, spin-off transactions, long-
     term equity or debt investments or uses of assets in China to guarantee offshore obligations. Moreover,
     Circular 75 applies retroactively. As a result, PRC residents who have established or acquired control
     of offshore companies that have made onshore investments in the PRC in the past were required to
     complete the relevant registration procedures with the local SAFE branch by March 31, 2006. Under the
     relevant rules, failure to comply with the registration procedures set forth in Circular 75 may result in
     restrictions being imposed on the foreign exchange activities of the relevant onshore company, including
     the increase of its registered capital, the payment of dividends and other distributions to its offshore
     parent or affiliate and the capital inflow from the offshore entity, and may also subject relevant PRC
     residents to penalties under PRC foreign exchange administration regulations. PRC residents who control
     our company are required to register periodically with the SAFE in connection with their investments in
     us.


     The SAFE issued a series of guidelines to its local branches with respect to the operational process
     for SAFE registration, including the Notice of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Further
     Improving and Adjusting Foreign Exchange Administration Policies for Direct Investment , or Circular 59,
     which came into effect as of December 17, 2012. The guidelines standardized more specific and stringent
     supervision on the registration required by Circular 75. For example, the guidelines impose obligations
     on onshore subsidiaries of an offshore entity to make true and accurate statements to the local SAFE
     authorities in case any shareholder or beneficial owner of the offshore entity is a PRC citizen or resident.
     Untrue statements by the onshore subsidiaries will lead to potential liability for the subsidiaries, and in
     some instances, for their legal representatives and other individuals.




40   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                            BUSINESS OVERVIEW


On July 4, 2014, the SAFE issued the Circular of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on
Relevant Issues concerning Foreign Exchange Administration of the Overseas Investment and Financing
and Round-trip Investments by Domestic Residents through Special Purpose Vehicles , or Circular 37,
which became effective and suspended Circular 75 on the same date, and Circular 37 shall prevail over
any other inconsistency between itself and relevant regulations promulgated previously. Pursuant to
Circular 37, any PRC residents, including both PRC institutions and individual residents, are required
to register with the local branch of the SAFE before making a contribution to an enterprise directly
established or indirectly controlled by the PRC residents outside of the PRC for the purpose of overseas
investment or financing with their legally owned domestic or offshore assets or equity interests, referred
to in this circular as a “special purpose vehicle”. Under Circular 37, the term “PRC institutions” refers to
entities with legal person status or other economic organizations established within the territory of the
PRC. The term “PRC individual residents” includes all PRC citizens (also including PRC citizens abroad)
and foreigners who habitually reside in the PRC for economic benefit. A registered special purpose
vehicle is required to amend its SAFE registration or file with respect to such vehicle in connection with
any change of basic information including PRC individual resident shareholder, name, term of operation,
or PRC individual resident’s increase or decrease of capital, transfer or exchange of shares, merger,
division or other material changes. In addition, if a non-listed special purpose vehicle grants any equity
incentives to directors, supervisors or employees of domestic companies under its direct or indirect
control, the relevant PRC individual residents could register with the local branch of the SAFE before
exercising such options. The SAFE simultaneously issued guidance to its local branches with respect
to the implementation of Circular 37. Under Circular 37, failure to comply with the foreign exchange
registration procedures may result in restrictions being imposed on the foreign exchange activities of the
relevant onshore company, including restrictions on the payment of dividends and other distributions
to its offshore parent company and the capital inflow from the offshore entity, and may also subject the
relevant PRC residents and onshore company to penalties under the PRC foreign exchange administration
regulations. See “Risk Factors – Risks Related to Doing Business in China – PRC regulations relating to
the establishment of offshore special purpose companies by PRC residents may subject our PRC resident
shareholders to personal liability and limit our ability to inject capital into our PRC subsidiaries, limit our
PRC subsidiaries’ ability to distribute profits to us, or otherwise adversely affect us.”


On September 14, 2015, the NDRC issued the Circular of the National Development and Reform
Commission on Promoting the Administrative Reform of the Record-filing and Registration System for
the Issuance of Foreign Debts by Enterprises to remove the quota review and approval system for the
issuance of foreign debts (including bonds and loans for more than 1 year) by enterprises, reform and
innovate the ways that foreign debts are managed, and implement the administration of record-filing
and the registration system.




                                                                       H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   41
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW


     On January 5, 2023, the NDRC issued the Administrative Measures for Examination and Registration of
     Medium- and Long-term Foreign Debts of Enterprises , which took effect on February 10, 2023, replacing
     the above Circular of the National Development and Reform Commission on Promoting the Administrative
     Reform of the Record-filing and Registration System for the Issuance of Foreign Debts by Enterprises.
     The new Administrative Measures provide more clarity on the procedures and requirements of the
     registration and reporting of medium- and long-term foreign debts.


     REGULATIONS ON MERGER AND ACQUISITION AND OVERSEAS LISTING
     On August 8, 2006, six PRC regulatory agencies, namely the MOFCOM, the State Assets Supervision
     and Administration Commission, the State Administration of Taxation, the SAIC, the China Securities
     Regulatory Commission, or the CSRC, and the SAFE, jointly adopted the Regulations on Mergers and
     Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors , or the M&A Rule, also known as Circular 10,
     which became effective on September 8, 2006. The M&A Rule, as amended on June 22, 2009, purports,
     among other things, to require offshore special purpose vehicles, or SPVs, formed for overseas listing
     purposes through acquisitions of PRC domestic companies and controlled by PRC companies or
     individuals, to obtain the approval of the CSRC prior to publicly listing their securities on an overseas
     stock exchange. On September 21, 2006, the CSRC published a notice on its official website specifying
     documents and materials required to be submitted to it by SPVs seeking the CSRC approval of their
     overseas listings.


     We believe, based on the advice of our PRC counsel, that the CSRC approval is not required in the context
     of our existing listing on the NASDAQ and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange because we established
     our PRC subsidiaries by means of direct investment other than by merger or acquisition of domestic
     companies, and we started to operate our business in the PRC through foreign invested enterprises
     before September 8, 2006, the effective date of the M&A Rule. However, we cannot assure you that the
     relevant PRC regulators, including the CSRC, would reach the same conclusion as our PRC counsel. If the
     CSRC or other PRC regulatory body subsequently determines that CSRC’s approval was required for our
     existing listing on the NASDAQ and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, we may face sanctions by the CSRC
     or other PRC regulatory agencies, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
     condition, results of operations, reputation and prospects, as well as the trading prices of our ADSs and/
     or ordinary shares.


     The M&A Rule also established additional procedures and requirements that could make merger and
     acquisition activities by foreign investors more time-consuming and complex, including requirements in
     some instances that the MOFCOM be notified in advance of any change of control transaction in which a
     foreign investor takes control of a PRC domestic enterprise.




42   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                           BUSINESS OVERVIEW


On July 30, 2017, for the purpose of promoting the reform of the foreign investment administrative
system and simplifying the administrative procedures, the MOFCOM amended the Interim Measures
for the Record-filing Administration of the Incorporation and Change of Foreign-invested Enterprises
which was promulgated in October 2016 and further amended in June 2018. According to the amended
interim measures, a record-filing administration system shall apply to foreign investors’ mergers and
acquisitions of domestic non-foreign-invested enterprises and strategic investments in listed companies,
provided that they do not involve the implementation of special access administrative measures
prescribed by the PRC regulators or involve the mergers and acquisitions of affiliates.


On December 30, 2019, for the purpose of further promoting the foreign investment administration and
simplifying the administrative procedures, the MOFCOM and the SAMR promulgated the Measures on
Reporting of Foreign Investment Information , which became effective on January 1, 2020 and suspended
the Interim Measures for the Record-filing Administration of the Incorporation and Change of Foreign-
invested Enterprises on the same date. Under this regulation, an information reporting system shall
apply to foreign investors’ mergers and acquisitions of domestic non-foreign-invested enterprises and
strategic investments in listed companies, provided that they comply with the implementation of special
access administrative measures prescribed by the PRC regulators and do not involve the mergers and
acquisitions of affiliates. Specifically, under the information reporting system, where a new foreign-
invested enterprise is incorporated or a non-foreign invested enterprise changes to a foreign-invested
enterprise through acquisition, merger or other means, such incorporation or change no longer requires
approval or record-filing of MOFCOM, but shall be reported online to the commerce administrative
authorities through the Enterprise Registration System and the National Enterprise Credit Information
Publicity System, together with the registration with the relevant department of the SAMR through the
same systems.


On February 17, 2023, the CSRC promulgated the Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities
Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies , or the Trial Measures, and relevant notes and Supporting
Guidelines, which came into effect on March 31, 2023. The Trial Measures seek to regulate all types
of overseas offerings and listings by PRC based companies, including: (a) direct overseas listings, i.e.
overseas listings by joint-stock companies which are established in PRC (such as H shares, N shares,
GDRs); and (b) indirect overseas listings, i.e. overseas listings by PRC based companies in the names of
an overseas entity (such as red-chip listings), if such issuers meets both of the following conditions: (i)
more than 50% of its audited financial indicators (either operating revenue, profits, total assets or net
assets) for the most recent accounting year is accounted for by its PRC-based companies, and (ii) major
business activities or operations are conducted within the territory of PRC; main places of business are
located within the territory of the PRC; or the majority of senior management staff domicile in the PRC
or are Chinese citizens. Furthermore, pursuant to the Circular on the Arrangements for the Filing-based
Administration of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies, or the Trial Measures
Circular, companies that have already offered or listed securities overseas prior to the implementation of
the Trial Measures are considered as “Stock Enterprises”, and these Stock Enterprises are not required
to apply for filings immediately with CSRC until a re-financing event takes place and then a filing for such
re-financing is required.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   43
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW


     On February 24, 2023, the CSRC, the Ministry of Finance, the National Administration of State Secrets
     Protection and the National Archives Administration jointly issued the Provisions on Strengthening
     Confidentiality and Archives Administration of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic
     Companies, or the Confidentiality and Archives Provisions, which became effective from March 31,2023.
     The Confidentiality and Archives Provisions specify that during the overseas issuance of securities and
     listing activities of domestic enterprises, domestic enterprises and securities companies and securities
     service institutions that provide relevant securities services shall, by strictly abiding by the relevant
     laws and regulations of the PRC and the requirements therein, establish sound confidentiality and
     archives management systems, take necessary measures to implement confidentiality and archives
     management responsibilities, and shall not leak national secrets, work secrets of governmental agencies
     and undermine national and public interests. Work manuscripts generated in the PRC by securities
     companies and securities service institutions that provide relevant securities services for overseas
     issuance and listing of securities by domestic enterprises shall be kept in the PRC. Without the approval
     of relevant competent authorities, it shall not be transferred overseas. Where archives or copies need
     to be transferred outside of the PRC, it shall be subject to the approval procedures in accordance with
     relevant PRC regulations.


     REGULATION ON SECURITY REVIEW
     In August 2011, the MOFCOM promulgated the Rules of Ministry of Commerce on Implementation of
     Security Review System of Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors , or
     the MOFCOM Security Review Rule, which came into effect on September 1, 2011, to implement the
     Notice of the General Office of the State Council on Establishing the Security Review System for Mergers
     and Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors promulgated on February 3, 2011. Under
     these regulations, a security review is required for foreign investors’ mergers and acquisitions having
     “national defense and security” implications and mergers and acquisitions by which foreign investors
     may acquire “de facto control” of domestic enterprises having “national security” implications. In
     addition, when deciding whether a specific merger or acquisition of a domestic enterprise by foreign
     investors is subject to a security review, the MOFCOM will look into the substance and actual impact of
     the transaction. The MOFCOM Security Review Rule further prohibits foreign investors from bypassing
     the security review requirement by structuring transactions through proxies, trusts, indirect investments,
     leases, loans, control through contractual arrangements or offshore transactions. Based on the above
     regulations, on December 19, 2020, the NDRC and MOFCOM jointly issued the Measures for the Security
     Review of Foreign Investments , which became effective as of January 18, 2021. The Measures for the
     Security Review of Foreign Investments establishes a comprehensive security review system of foreign
     investments, which, among others, expands the review subjects to various types of foreign investments
     that affect or may affect national security, including greenfield investments and investments in other
     forms. Similar to the previous regulations, the foreign investments subject to security review include
     investments having “national defense security” implications and investments by which foreign investors
     may acquire “de facto control” of invested enterprises having “national security” implications.




44   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                           BUSINESS OVERVIEW



REGULATIONS ON LABOR CONTRACTS AND SOCIAL SECURITY
The Labor Law of the PRC , which was promulgated by the Standing Committee of the NPC on July 5, 1994,
came into effect on January 1, 1995, and was amended on August 27, 2009 and December 29, 2018, the
Labor Contract Law of the PRC that became effective on January 1, 2008, as amended on December 28,
2012, and the Implementation Regulations on Labor Contract Law of the PRC which was promulgated and
came into effect on September 18, 2008 by the State Council seek to clarify the responsibilities of both
employers and employees and codifies certain basic rights and protections of employees. Among others,
the Labor Contract Law of the PRC provides that after completing two fixed-term employment contracts,
an employee that desires to continue working for an employer is entitled to require a non-fixed-term
employment contract. In addition, employees who have been employed for more than ten years by the
same employer are entitled to require a non-fixed-term contract. The Labor Contract Law of the PRC
also requires that the employees dispatched from human resources outsourcing firms or labor agencies
be limited to temporary, auxiliary or substitute positions. Furthermore, where an employer causes any
damage to the dispatched employee, the labor dispatch entity and the employer shall assume joint and
several liabilities. According to the Interim Provisions on Labor Dispatch , which was promulgated in
January 2014 and took effect in March 2014, to implement the provisions of the Labor Contract Law of
the PRC regarding labor dispatch, a company is permitted to use dispatched employees for up to 10%
of its labor force and the companies currently using dispatched employees are given a two-year grace
period after March 1, 2014 to comply with this limit.


According to the Individual Income Tax Law of the PRC , which was promulgated on September 10, 1980
by the Standing Committee of the NPC, last amended by the Standing Committee of the NPC on August
31, 2018 and came into effect on January 1, 2019, companies operating in China are required to withhold
individual income tax on employees’ salaries based on the actual salary of each employee upon payment.


According to the Law on Social Insurance of the PRC , which was promulgated by the SCNPC on October
28, 2010, came into effect on July 1, 2011, and was amended on December 29, 2018, the Provisional
Regulations on the Collection and Payment of Social Insurance Premium , which was promulgated
by the State Council on January 22, 1999 and amended on March 24, 2019, and the Regulations on
the Administration of Housing Provident Fund , which was promulgated by the State Council on April
3, 1999 and came into effect on the same date, and was amended on March 24, 2002 and March 24,
2019, employers are required to contribute, on behalf of their employees, to a number of social security
funds, including funds for basic pension insurance, unemployment insurance, basic medical insurance,
occupational injury insurance, maternity insurance and housing provident funds. Employers who fail to
contribute may be fined and ordered to make good the deficit within a stipulated time limit.


Considering the PRC regulatory authorities have continued to introduce various new labor-related
regulations since the effectiveness of the labor contract law, and the interpretation and implementation
of these regulations are still evolving, we cannot assure you that our employment practice will at all
times be deemed in compliance with the new regulations. If we are subject to severe penalties or incur
significant liabilities in connection with labor disputes or investigations, our business and results of
operations may be adversely affected. See “Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our Business – Our current
employment practices may be adversely impacted under the applicable labor laws.”




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   45
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW



     REGULATION ON INFORMATION PROTECTION ON NETWORKS
     On December 28, 2012, the Standing Committee of the NPC issued Decision of the Standing Committee
     of the National People’s Congress on Strengthening Information Protection on Networks , pursuant to
     which network service providers and other enterprises and institutions shall, when gathering and using
     electronic personal information of citizens in business activities, publish their collection and usage
     rules and adhere to the principles of legality, rationality and necessarily, explicitly state the purposes,
     manners and scopes of collecting and using information, and obtain the consent of those from whom
     information is collected, and shall not collect and use information in violation of laws and regulations
     and the agreement between both sides; and the network service providers and other enterprises and
     institutions and their personnel must strictly keep such information confidential and may not divulge,
     alter, damage, sell, or illegally provide others with such information.


     On July 16, 2013, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, or the MIIT, issued the Provisions
     on the Protection of Personal Information of Telecommunication and Internet User . The requirements
     under this order are stricter and specific compared to the above decision issued by the NPC. According
     to the provisions, if a network service provider wishes to collect or use personal information, it may do
     so only if such collection is necessary for the services it provides. Furthermore, it must disclose to its
     users the purpose, method and scope of any such collection or usage, and must obtain consent from
     the users whose information is being collected or used. Network service providers are also required
     to establish and publish their protocols relating to personal information collection or usage, keep any
     collected information strictly confidential and take technological and other measures to maintain the
     security of such information. Network service providers are required to cease any collection or usage
     of the relevant personal information and provide services for the users to de-register the relevant user
     account, when a user stops using the relevant Internet service. Network service providers are further
     prohibited from divulging, distorting or destroying any such personal information, or selling or providing
     such personal information unlawfully to other parties. In addition, if a network service provider appoints
     an agent to undertake any marketing or technical services that involve the collection or usage of
     personal information, the network service provider is required to supervise and manage the protection
     of the information. The provisions state, in broad terms, that violators may face warnings, fines, public
     exposure and, criminal liability whereas the case constitutes a crime.




46   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                             BUSINESS OVERVIEW


On June 1, 2017, the Cybersecurity Law of the PRC promulgated in November 2016 by the Standing
Committee of the NPC became effective. This law also absorbed and restated the principles and
requirements mentioned in the aforesaid decision and order, and further provides that, where an
individual finds any network operator collects or uses his or her personal information in violation of
the provisions of any law, regulation or the agreement of both parties, the individual shall be entitled
to request the network operator to delete his or her personal information; if the individual finds that
his or her personal information collected or stored by the network operator has any error, he or she
shall be entitled to request the network operator to make corrections, and the network operator
shall take measures accordingly. Pursuant to this law, the violators may be subject to: (i) warning; (ii)
confiscation of illegal gains and fines equal to one to ten times of the illegal gains; or if without illegal
gains, fines up to RMB1,000,000; or (iii) an order to shut down the website, suspend the business
operation for rectification, or revoke business license. Besides, responsible persons may be subject to
fines between RMB10,000 and RMB100,000. On October 28, 2025, the Standing Committee of the NPC
adopted amendments to the Cybersecurity Law, which took effect on January 1, 2026. The amendments
substantially increase penalties for non-compliance with relevant regulations, with maximum fines
of up to RMB10 million for companies and RMB1 million for responsible individuals in cases involving
exceptionally serious consequences.


On January 1, 2021, the Civil Code promulgated in May 2020 by the Standing Committee of the NPC
became effective. The Civil Code protects individuals’ right to personal information and provides for
similar requirements for personal information protection as the Cybersecurity Law. Individuals may bring
up civil litigations based on the Civil Code if their right to personal information is infringed upon.


From criminal law perspective, the PRC Criminal Law , as amended by its Amendment 7 (effective on
February 28, 2009) and Amendment 9 (effective on November 1, 2015), prohibits institutions, companies
and their employees from selling or otherwise illegally disclosing a citizen’s personal information
obtained during the course of performing duties or providing services or obtained through theft or other
illegal ways.




                                                                        H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   47
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW



     DATA PROTECTION LAW IN EUROPE
     The Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the
     processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/
     EC (GDPR), complemented by EU Member States law on data protection (e.g. in Germany the German
     Federal Data Protection Act), imposes certain requirements and restrictions on the processing of
     personal data relating to natural persons. GDPR requirements will apply both to companies established
     in the EU and to companies, such as us, that are not established in the EU but process personal data of
     individuals who are in the EU (and in the EEA subject to the enactment of implementation procedures),
     where the processing activities relate to: (a) the offering of goods or services, irrespective of whether
     a payment of the data subject is required, to such data subjects in the EU; or (b) the monitoring of
     their behavior as far as their behavior takes place within the EU. Therefore, the GDPR applies to our EU
     entities as well as the offering of services by our non-EU entities to EU guests. The GDPR imposes on
     subject companies a large number of obligations, which relate for example, but are not limited, to (i) the
     principles applying to the processing of personal data, for example, lawfulness, fairness, transparency,
     purpose limitation, data minimization and “privacy by design”, accuracy, storage limitations to process
     and store personal data only as long as necessary, access restrictions on a “need to know basis”, and
     ensuring security and confidentiality of personal data by technical and organizational measures; (ii)
     the ability of the controller to demonstrate compliance with such principles (accountability); (iii) a there
     must be a legal basis for the data processing (special requirements apply to certain specific categories
     of data such as health related data and other special categories of personal data); and (iv) data subjects
     rights (for example, transparency, right of information about personal data processed, right of access/
     receive copies, right to rectification, right to erasure, right to restrict processing, right to data portability,
     and right to object to a processing under certain circumstances). This leads to companies being under
     the obligation to implement a number of formal processes and policies regarding the implementation
     of the GDPR requirements, such as ensuring the rights of the data subjects, handling of data breaches,
     documentation of the processing activities, processes for regularly testing, assessing and evaluating
     the effectiveness of technical and organizational measures for ensuring the security of the processing,
     processes for the selection and auditing of processors. The GDPR provides for substantial fines for
     breaches of data protection requirements, which, depending on the infringed provisions of the GDPR, can
     go up to either (thresholds depending on the obligations which have been breached): (i) 2% of the group’s
     annual worldwide turnover of the preceding financial year or EUR10 million, whichever is greater, or (ii)
     4% of the group’s annual worldwide turnover of the preceding financial year or EUR20 million, whichever
     is greater. The fine may be imposed instead of, or in addition to, measures that may be ordered by
     supervisory authorities (for example, request to cease the processing). The GDPR and EU Member States
     law also provide for private enforcement mechanisms and, in the most severe cases, criminal liability.


     The Directive (EC) 2002/58 of 12 July 2002 concerning the processing of personal data and the protection
     of privacy in the electronic communications sector imposes restrictions on the use of cookies and similar
     means as well as on website tracking, including the requirement to obtain informed and prior consent
     for storage or access to information stored on a user’s terminal equipment in the EU in certain cases (in
     particular for cookies which track for marketing purposes). The Directive (EC) 2002/58 is transposed into
     German law as the Telecommunications Digital Services Data Protection Act.




48   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                        BUSINESS OVERVIEW



HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT OF THE COMPANY
The following table illustrates the key milestones of our history and business development:


Year            Milestone

2005            We launched the first HanTing Hotel in Kunshan, Suzhou.


2008            We launched our budget hotel product, HanTing Hi Inn , which was subsequently
                rebranded as Hi Inn .


2010            Our ADSs were listed on the NASDAQ Global Selected Market.


                We launched the first JI Hotel in Shanghai.


2012            We acquired a 51% equity interest in Starway HK, a midscale hotel chain, and expanded
                our offering to four hotel brands.


                We changed our Chinese trade name from “HanTing Hotel Group” to “HuaZhu Hotel
                Group”.


2013            We acquired the remaining 49% equity interest in Starway HK.


                We adopted the first proprietary cloud-based property management system in China.


2014            We entered into agreements with Accor, to join forces in the Pan-China region to develop
                Accor brand hotels and to form an extensive and long-term alliance with Accor.


                We offered the first automated self-check-in or check-out kiosks in China, featuring
                advanced technologies such as facial recognition.


2016            We completed our transaction with Accor.


                We adopted a centralized procurement system, leveraging our Internet of Things
                technology, which allows all hotels across the network to make bulk purchases of hotel
                supplies.


2017            We completed the acquisition of all of the equity interests in Crystal Orange, which
                operated hotels under the brands Crystal Orange Hotel and Orange Hotel.


                We issued US$475 million of 0.375% convertible senior notes due 2022.




                                                                    H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   49
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW



     Year              Milestone

     2018              We changed our name to Huazhu Group Limited, or Huazhu.


                       We completed the acquisition in steps of a majority stake in Blossom Hotel
                       Management, which was engaged in the business of operating and managing hotels
                       under Blossom Hill Hotels & Resorts (currently Blossom House ) brand in the upscale
                       market in the PRC.


     2019              We were a winner of the “2019 CIO 100 Award”, which recognized us as one of the 100
                       most innovative organizations worldwide that use information technology in innovative
                       ways to deliver business value.


                       Our H Rewards loyalty program surpassed 150 million members.


                       We opened our first overseas hotel in Singapore under JI Hotel brand, which we directly
                       operate.


     2020              We completed the acquisition of all equity interest in Steigenberger Hotels AG, which
                       was engaged in the business of operating and managing hotels under five brands,
                       namely Steigenberger Hotels & Resorts, MAXX, Jaz in the City, IntercityHotel and Zleep
                      Hotels , primarily in Europe.


                       We issued US$500 million of 3% convertible senior notes due 2026.


                       We completed our global offering and listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Our
                       ordinary shares started to be traded on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on September
                       22, 2020.


                       We completed the put right offer relating to the 2022 Notes.


     2021              We completed the acquisition of CitiGO in May 2021, which operates hotels under the
                       brand of CitiGO Hotel .


     2022              We changed our name to H World Group Limited, or H World.


                       We fully redeemed our convertible senior notes due 2022 on the maturity date of
                       November 1, 2022.




50   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                         BUSINESS OVERVIEW



Year             Milestone

2023             We issued a total of 7,118,500 ADSs (including 928,500 additional ADSs pursuant to the
                 exercise of a 30-day option), each representing ten ordinary shares of H World Group
                 Limited, at a price of US$42.0 per ADS, in January 2023.


2024             We achieved the milestone of opening 10,000 hotels.


2025             We launched our upper midscale hotel brand, Grand JI Hotel .


                 Our H Rewards loyalty program surpassed 300 million members.


Our principal executive offices are located at No. 1299 Fenghua Road, Jiading District, Shanghai 201803,
People’s Republic of China. Our telephone number at this address is +86 (21) 6195-2011. Our registered
office in the Cayman Islands is located at the offices of Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, P.O. Box 2681,
Grand Cayman, KY1-1111, Cayman Islands.


Investors should contact us for any inquiries through the address and telephone number of our principal
executive offices. Our website is http://www.hworld.com. The information contained on our website is not
a part of this annual report.


The SEC maintains an internet site (http://www.sec.gov), which contains reports, proxy and information
statements, and other information regarding us that file electronically with the SEC.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   51
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW



     ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE
     The following diagram illustrates our corporate and ownership structure, the place of formation and the
     ownership interests of our subsidiaries as of March 31, 2026.
                            100%                                                                                        100%                                                                                                                                                                                  100%                                     100%
                                                                                                                                                                                H World Group Limited
                                                                                                                                                                                      (Cayman)




            China Lodging Investment Limited                                                           H World Holdings Singapore Pte. Ltd.                                                                                                                                                      H World Holdings (HK) Limited
                       (Cayman)                                                                                      (Singapore)                                                                                                                                                                          (Hong Kong)


                                                                                   100%
                                                                                                                                       100%
                                                                                                                                                                   100%                           49%                                                       100%
                                                                         H World Investment                                        3 Subsidiaries
                                                                          GmbH (Germany)

            100%            100%               100%
                                                                          0%, GP                          100%, LP                        100%

                                                                                                                                                            Starway Hotels              Crystal Orange Hotel                      51%                   Huazhu K.K
                                                                                                                                                          (Hong Kong) Limited            Holdings Limited                                                                      10 Subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          (Japan)
                                                                                                                                                              (Hong Kong)                       (BVI)
                                                                        DH Group GmbH & Co
                         H World                                              KG (Germany)
      ACL Greater                          TAHM
                           (HK)
         China                          Investment                                                                                                                                 100%                  100%
                       Investment
        Limited                           Limited                                     100%
                         Limited
      (Hong Kong)                      (Hong Kong)
                      (Hong Kong)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    100%                                         100%               100%

                                                                        Steigenberger Hotels                                         Huazhu Hospitality                                               Orange Hotel
                                                                          GmbH (Germany)                                                 Inc. (BVI)                                                 Hong Kong Limited
                                                                                                                                                                                                       (Hong Kong)

                                                                      100%
                                                                                                                                                 100%

                                                                                                                                      Huazhu Hospitality
                                                             Intercity Hotel                     17
            100%                               100%                                                                                  (Hong Kong) Limited
                                                            GmbH (Germany)                   Subsidiaries                                (Hong Kong)
                                                                                                                                                                                                   100%            100%
                                                                                             100%       100%
                                                                                                                           100%                50%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Offshore


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Onshore
                                                               30%



                                                                                                                      HanTing                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Han Ting
                                                                                   Jisu                                                                                                                         Beijing Crystal                                                                                 Shanghai         Yiju (Shanghai)
     Yagao Meihua                      Tianjin Yagao                                                                (Shanghai)         Yongle Huazhu                         Beijing Orange    Orange Hotel                                                 Hanting Xingkong                                                                               (Tianjin)
                                                                                Enterprise                                                                                                                       Orange Hotel                                                                                  Hanting Hotel           Hotel
         Hotel                             Hotel                                                                                       Hotel & Resort                        Times Software     Management                                                  (Shanghai) Hotel                                                                           Investment
                                                                                                        3           Enterprise                              2 Subsidiaries                                       Management                                                                                    Management         Management
     Management       6 Subsidiaries   Management                              Management                                                 Group
                                                                                                    Subsidiaries   Management                                                 Tech Co., Ltd   (China) Co, Ltd                                             Management Co., Ltd                                                                          Consulting
       Co., Ltd                          Co., Ltd.                               Co., Ltd                                                                                                                       Consulting Co,                                                                                  Group, Ltd           Co., Ltd
                                                                                                                      Co., Ltd             (PRC)                                  (PRC)            (PRC)                                                                                                                                                   Co., Ltd
         (PRC)                             (PRC)                                  (PRC)                                                                                                                           Ltd (PRC)                                        (PRC)                                           (PRC)               (PRC)
                                                                                                                       (PRC)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                (PRC)



                                                                        70%
                                                                                                                   100%            100%                 100%                                                                                  100%           100%              100%




                                                         Shanghai                                                                       Jizhu                                                                                           Tianjin Huasu      Hanting
                                                                                                               Huazhu Hotel                               Huazhu                                                                                                           Huazhu Hotel
                                                           Huaye                                                                    Information                                                                                           Enterprise      Technology                                                              Shanghai Yiju
                                                                                                               Management                                Enterprise
                                                         Xingkong                 13                4                               Technology                                                                                                                             Management
                                                                                                                 (Ningbo)                               Management                                                                      Management       (Suzhou) Co.,                                                               Hotel
     8 Subsidiaries                                     Enterprise            Subsidiaries     Subsidiaries                          (Shanghai)                                                                 3 Subsidiaries                                               Co., Ltd      8 Subsidiaries     22 Subsidiaries
                                                                                                                 Co., Ltd                                 Co., Ltd.                                                                        Co., Ltd          Ltd                                                                  Management
                                                       Management                                                                      Co., Ltd                                                                                                                               (PRC)
                                                                                                                   (PRC)                                   (PRC)                                                                                                                                                                    Co., Ltd
                                                       Co., Ltd (PRC)                                                                   (PRC)                                                                                               (PRC)           (PRC)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      (PRC)




                                                           84                                                                                               10
                                                       subsidiaries                                                                                     subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           48 Subsidiaries                                           Consolidated Affiliated Entities(1)



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Contractual Ownership




     Notes:

     (1)                We have four affiliated entities consolidated through contractual arrangements: Tianjin Jizhu, Shanghai Huanmei and its
                        wholly-owned subsidiary Huanmei Travel, and Ningbo Futing. The registered shareholders of these Consolidated Affiliated
                        Entities are (i) Mr. Pengfei Jiang, who is the director/supervisor of certain of our subsidiaries, holding 100% of equity interest
                        in Tianjin Jizhu, (ii) Mr. Pengfei Jiang and Mr. Andong Chen, our employee, holding 90% and 10% of equity interest in Shanghai
                        Huanmei, respectively, and (iii) Mr. Dongfu Shi, who is the director of Ningbo Futing, holding 100% of equity interest in Ningbo
                        Futing.




52   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                        BUSINESS OVERVIEW


The following table sets forth summary information for our significant subsidiaries as of March 31, 2026.


                                                                   Date of
                                                   Percentage of   Incorporation/         Place of
Major Subsidiaries                                    Ownership    Acquisition            Incorporation

H World Holdings (HK) Limited                             100%     October 22, 2008       Hong Kong
H World Holdings Singapore Pte. Ltd.                      100%     April 14, 2010         Singapore
HanTing Xingkong (Shanghai) Hotel
  Management Co., Ltd.                                    100%     March 3, 2006          PRC
HanTing (Tianjin) Investment Consulting Co., Ltd          100%     January 16, 2008       PRC
HanTing Technology (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.                     100%     December 3, 2008       PRC
HanTing (Shanghai) Enterprise Management
  Co., Ltd.                                               100%     December 14, 2010      PRC
HuaZhu Hotel Management Co., Ltd.                         100%     August 16, 2012        PRC
Jizhu Information Technology (Shanghai)
  Co., Ltd.                                               100%     February 26, 2014      PRC
Huazhu Enterprise Management Co., Ltd.                    100%     June 6, 2014           PRC
ACL Greater China Limited                                 100%     January 25, 2016       Hong Kong
Yagao Meihua Hotel Management Co., Ltd.                   100%     January 25, 2016       PRC
Orange Hotel Management (China) Co., Ltd.                 100%     May 25, 2017           PRC
Beijing Crystal Orange Hotel Management
  Consulting Co., Ltd.                                    100%     May 25, 2017           PRC
Huazhu Hotel Management (Ningbo) Co., Ltd.                100%     July 20, 2018          PRC
Huazhu Cloud (Shanghai) Information
  Technology Co., Ltd.                                    100%     November 7, 2013       PRC
Steigenberger Hotels GmbH                                 100%     January 2, 2020        Germany
Intercity Hotel GmbH                                      100%     January 2, 2020        Germany
Jisu Enterprise Management Co., Ltd.                      100%     July 27, 2022          PRC
Shanghai Huaye Xingkong Enterprise
  Management Co., Ltd.                                    100%     December 27, 2024      PRC




                                                                   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   53
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW


     H World Group Limited is not a Chinese operating company but a holding company incorporated in the
     Cayman Islands. As a holding company with no material operations of its own, H World Group Limited
     conducts substantially all of its business through its subsidiaries, and for some businesses the direct
     holding of which is restricted by PRC law, through the Consolidated Affiliated Entities. While we do not
     have any equity ownership of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities, the contractual arrangements we
     have with the Consolidated Affiliated Entities enables us to direct the activities that most significantly
     affect the economic performance of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities, as well as receive the economic
     benefits from the Consolidated Affiliated Entities. Because of these arrangements, we have control over
     and are the primary beneficiary of the VIEs for accounting purposes and, therefore, have consolidated the
     financial results of the VIEs in our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Any
     references to control or benefits that accrue to us because of the VIEs in this annual report are limited to,
     and are subject to conditions for consolidation of, the VIEs under U.S. GAAP. Investors in our securities
     do not own equity interest in our operating entities, including our subsidiaries and the Consolidated
     Affiliated Entities in China, but instead own equity interest in the Cayman Islands holding company. Our
     securities that are listed on the stock exchanges are securities of our Cayman Islands holding company,
     not of our operating subsidiaries or the VIEs.


     CONTRACTUAL ARRANGEMENTS WITH THE CONSOLIDATED AFFILIATED
     ENTITIES
     We have entered into a series of contractual arrangements with each of Tianjin Jizhu, Shanghai Huanmei
     and Ningbo Futing and the respective nominee shareholder(s) of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities (the
     “Affiliated Entity Shareholders”), as described in more detail below, including (i) the power of attorney,
     the share pledge agreement and the loan agreement, which provide us with effective control over and
     ability to receive significant economic benefits from the Consolidated Affiliated Entities to the extent
     permitted by PRC law; and (ii) exclusive option agreements, which provide us with exclusive options to
     purchase all or part of the equity interests in the Consolidated Affiliated Entities to the extent permitted
     by PRC law.




54   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                           BUSINESS OVERVIEW


The contractual arrangements with each of Tianjin Jizhu, Shanghai Huanmei and Ningbo Futing were
entered into by and among HZ Hotel Management, the Consolidated Affiliated Entities and each of their
respective nominee shareholder(s). The contractual arrangements between each Consolidated Affiliated
Entity on the one hand, and HZ Hotel Management and the respective Affiliated Entity Shareholders on
the other hand, are all on substantially the same terms, which are summarized below:


Share Pledge Agreement
Pursuant to the Share Pledge Agreement among HZ Hotel Management, the Consolidated Affiliated
Entity and the Affiliated Entity Shareholders, the Affiliated Entity Shareholders have pledged 100%
equity interest in the Consolidated Affiliated Entity to HZ Hotel Management to guarantee the
performance by the Consolidated Affiliated Entity and its shareholder(s) of their obligations under
the contractual arrangements. Pursuant to this agreement, HZ Hotel Management has right to claim
dividends or distributive profits with regard to the pledged shares from the Consolidated Affiliated Entity.
The Consolidated Affiliated Entity Shareholders also agreed, without HZ Hotel Management’s prior
written consent, not to transfer the pledged shares, or establish or permit the existence of any security
interest or other encumbrance on the pledged shares, except by the performance of the Exclusive Option
Agreement. The Share Pledge Agreement will remain effective until the Consolidated Affiliated Entity and
the Affiliated Entity Shareholders have discharged all their obligations and fully paid all the amounts
payable under the contractual arrangements.


Loan Agreement
Pursuant to the Loan Agreement among HZ Hotel Management and the respective Affiliated Entity
Shareholders, HZ Hotel Management agrees to provide the shareholders of the Consolidated Affiliated
Entity with a loan to fund the Consolidated Affiliated Entity. This loan will be repaid only by transfer
of Affiliated Entity Shareholders’ equity interest in the Consolidated Affiliated Entity to HZ Hotel
Management or any person designated by HZ Hotel Management pursuant to the Exclusive Option
Agreement. Without the prior written consent of HZ Hotel Management, Affiliated Entity Shareholders
may not, in any manner, among other things, supplement or amend the articles of associations of the
Consolidated Affiliated Entity; increase or reduce its registered capital or change the structure of its
registered capital in other manners; sell, transfer, pledge or dispose of its assets, legal or beneficial
interests in business or revenue or allow any encumbrance on such assets, business or revenue;
assume, inherit, guarantee any debt, or allow the existence of any debt, except for debts incurred in the
ordinary course of business and debts known and agreed in writing by HZ Hotel Management; cause
the Consolidated Affiliated Entity to enter into any material contract with value above RMB100,000
outside the ordinary course of business; provide loans or credits in any form to any other persons; cause
or permit to merge, consolidate with, acquire or invest in any other persons; or distribute dividends to
its shareholders. The loan agreement will remain effective until ten years after the date of the Loan
Agreement and the loan under this agreement should be fully repaid before or upon the termination of
the Loan Agreement.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   55
     BUSINESS OVERVIEW



     Exclusive Option Agreement
     Pursuant to the Exclusive Option Agreement among HZ Hotel Management, the Consolidated Affiliated
     Entity and the Affiliated Entity Shareholders, the Affiliated Entity Shareholders irrevocably grant HZ
     Hotel Management or any third party designated by HZ Hotel Management an exclusive option to
     purchase all or part of their equity interests in the Consolidated Affiliated Entity at the higher of (i) the
     lowest price permitted by applicable PRC laws and (ii) a nominal price of RMB100. This agreement will
     remain effective until 20 years after the date of the agreement and will be automatically renewed at the
     discretion of HZ Hotel Management.


     Power of Attorney
     Pursuant to the Power of Attorney given by the Affiliated Entity Shareholders, the Affiliated Entity
     Shareholders irrevocably authorize HZ Hotel Management or any person(s) designated by HZ Hotel
     Management to act as his or her attorney-in-fact to exercise all of his or her rights as a shareholder of
     the Consolidated Affiliated Entity, including, but not limited to, the right to call and attend shareholders’
     meetings, vote, sell, transfer, pledge or dispose of any or all of the shares, nominate, appoint or remove
     the directors, supervisors and senior management, and other shareholders rights conferred by the
     articles of association of the Consolidated Affiliated Entity and the relevant laws and regulations. This
     power of attorney will remain in force as long as the shareholder remains a shareholder of the respective
     Consolidated Affiliated Entity unless otherwise instructed by us. The Affiliated Entity Shareholders shall
     not have the right to terminate this power of attorney or revoke the appointment of the attorney-in-fact.


     These contractual arrangements may not be as effective as direct ownership in providing us with control
     over the Consolidated Affiliated Entities. If the Consolidated Affiliated Entities or their shareholders fail
     to perform their respective obligations under these contractual arrangements, our recourse to the assets
     held by the Consolidated Affiliated Entities is indirect and we may have to incur substantial costs and
     expend significant resources to enforce such arrangements in reliance on legal remedies under PRC law.
     These remedies may not always be effective. Furthermore, in connection with litigation, arbitration or
     other judicial or dispute resolution proceedings, assets under the name of any record holder of equity
     interest in the Consolidated Affiliated Entities, including such equity interest, may be put under court
     custody. As a consequence, we cannot be certain that the equity interest will be disposed of pursuant to
     the contractual arrangement or ownership by the record holder of the equity interest.




56   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                        BUSINESS OVERVIEW


There are substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of current and future
PRC laws, regulations and rules, and regarding the status of the rights of our Cayman Islands holding
company with respect to its contractual arrangements with the Consolidated Affiliated Entities, and their
shareholders. See “Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure – Uncertainties exist with
respect to the interpretation and implementation of the Foreign Investment Law and its implementing
rules and how they may impact our business, financial condition and results of operations” and “－The
nominee shareholders of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities may have potential conflicts of interest with
us, which may affect our business and financial condition” below in this annual report for more details
regarding these uncertainties.


PROPERTY, PLANTS AND EQUIPMENT
Our headquarters are located in Shanghai, China and occupy nearly 41,000 square meters of office
space, which is owned by us. As of December 31, 2025, we leased 565 out of our 12,858 hotel facilities
with an aggregate size of approximately 4.5 million square meters, including approximately 113,000
square meters subleased to others. As of December 31, 2025, we owned eight out of our 12,858 hotel
facilities with an aggregate size of approximately 85,000 square meters. For detailed information about
the locations of our hotels, see “Business Overview – Our Hotel Network.”




                                                                    H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   57
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     OPERATING RESULTS
     You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations
     in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere
     in this annual report. This discussion may contain forward-looking statements based upon current
     expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those
     anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth
     under “Risk Factors” or in other parts of this annual report.


     OVERVIEW
     We are a leading, fast-growing multi-brand hotel group with international operations. Our hotels
     are operated under three different models: leased and owned, franchised, and franchised hotels
     that we operate under management contracts, which we refer to as “manachised.” We expanded our
     hotel network from 9,394 hotels as of December 31, 2023 to 12,858 hotels as of December 31, 2025,
     representing a CAGR of 17.0%. As of December 31, 2025, we had 12,858 hotels in operation, including
     573 leased and owned hotels and 12,285 manachised and franchised hotels, with an aggregate of
     1,264,419 hotel rooms. As of the same date, we were developing an additional 2,906 hotels, including
     19 leased and owned hotels and 2,887 manachised and franchised hotels. On January 2, 2020, we
     completed the acquisition of Deutsche Hospitality and have consolidated its financial information since
     then.


     Our total revenue was RMB21,882 million, RMB23,891 million and RMB25,307 million (US$3,618 million)
     in 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. We had net income attributable to H World Group Limited of
     RMB4,085 million, RMB3,048 million and RMB5,080 million (US$726 million) in 2023, 2024 and 2025,
     respectively. Our adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP) amounted to RMB6,268 million, RMB6,820 million and
     RMB8,473 million (US$1,211 million) in 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively, and our net cash provided by
     operating activities amounted to RMB7,674 million, RMB7,518 million and RMB8,379 million (US$1,198
     million) in these respective years.


     SPECIFIC FACTORS AFFECTING OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
     While our business is affected by factors relating to general economic conditions and the lodging
     industry in China and other jurisdictions in which we operate, including business and leisure travel of the
     customers and market competition (see “Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our Business – Our operating
     results are subject to conditions affecting the lodging industry in general” and “– The lodging industries
     in China, Europe, the Middle East, the Southeast Asia, and other countries and regions where we operate
     are competitive, and if we are unable to compete successfully, our financial condition and results of
     operations may be harmed”), we believe that our results of operations are also affected by company-
     specific factors, including, among others:




58   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


•   The total number of hotels and hotel rooms in our hotel network. Our revenues largely depend on
    the size of our hotel network. Furthermore, we believe that the expanded geographic coverage of
    our hotel network will enhance our brand recognition. Whether we can successfully increase the
    number of hotels and hotel rooms in our hotel group is largely affected by our ability to effectively
    identify and lease, own, manachise or franchise additional hotel properties at desirable locations
    on commercially favorable terms and the availability of funding to make necessary capital
    investments to open these new hotels.


•   Nature of the cost of our business . A significant portion of our operating costs and expenses,
    including rent and depreciation and amortization, is relatively fixed. As a result, an increase in our
    revenues achieved through higher RevPAR generally will result in higher profitability. Vice versa,
    a decrease in our revenues could result in a disproportionately larger decrease in our earnings
    because our operating costs and expenses are unlikely to decrease proportionately.


•   The number of new leased and owned hotels under development. Generally, the operation of
    each leased and owned hotel goes through three stages: development, ramp-up, and mature
    operations. During the development stage, our leased and owned hotels generate no revenue. In
    addition, we bear the pre-opening expenses for a substantial majority of our leased and owned
    hotels, which generally range from approximately RMB1.5 million to RMB20.0 million per hotel.
    For certain of our hotels (under Deutsche Hospitality), the landlords are responsible for renovating
    the hotels (other than soft furnishing) and we are not required to pay rent until this renovation
    is completed. During periods when a large number of new leased and owned hotels are under
    development, the pre-opening expenses incurred may have a significant negative impact on our
    financial performance.


•   The mix of mature and new leased and owned hotels, manachised hotels and franchised hotels .
    When a new hotel starts operation and goes through the ramp-up stage, the occupancy rate is
    relatively low, and the room rate may be subject to discount. Revenues generated by these hotels
    are lower than those generated by mature hotels and may be insufficient to cover their operating
    costs, which are relatively fixed in nature and are similar to those of mature hotels. The lower
    profitability during the ramp-up stage for leased and owned hotels may have a significant negative
    impact on our financial performance. The length of the ramp-up stage may be affected by factors
    such as hotel size, seasonality, and location. New hotels opened in lower-tier cities generally have
    longer ramp-up period. On average, it takes our hotels approximately six months to ramp up. We
    define mature leased and owned hotels as those that have been in operation for more than six
    months.




                                                                   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   59
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


            Under the manachise and franchise models, we generate revenues from franchise and service
            fees we charge to each manachised and franchised hotel while the franchisee bears substantially
            all the capital expenditures and pre-opening and operational expenses. The hotel operating costs
            relating to manachised hotels are mainly costs for hotel managers as we hire and send them to
            manachised hotels. An increasing proportion of manachised and franchised hotels in our hotel
            mix will allow us to benefit from the recurring cash inflows from franchise and service fees with
            minimal upfront costs and capital expenditures. Our manachised and franchised hotels have been
            and will continue to be significant contributor to our revenues in the foreseeable future.


     KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
     We utilize a set of non-financial and financial key performance indicators which our senior management
     reviews frequently. The review of these indicators facilitates timely evaluation of the performance of
     our business and effective communication of results and key decisions, allowing our business to react
     promptly to changing customer demands and market conditions. After our acquisition of Deutsche
     Hospitality hotels in January 2020, we modified our operating segment structure into two operating
     segments–legacy Huazhu and legacy DH. Our analysis below sets forth information of both operating
     segments.


     Non-financial Key Performance Indicators
     Our non-financial key performance indicators consist of (i) change in the total number of hotels and hotel
     rooms in our hotel group, (ii) RevPAR, and (iii) same-hotel RevPAR change.


     Change in the total number of hotels and hotel rooms. We track the change in the total number of hotels
     and hotel rooms in operation to monitor our business expansion. Our total hotels in operation increased
     from 9,394 as of December 31, 2023 to 12,858 as of December 31, 2025.


     Our total number of hotel room nights available for sale increased from 292.6 million as of December 31,
     2023 to 416.8 million as of December 31, 2025 for legacy Huazhu.


     As of December 31, 2025, the total room nights available for sale was 9.3 million for legacy DH.




60   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The following table sets forth various measures of changes in the total number of hotels and hotel rooms
as of the dates indicated.


                                                                           As of December 31,
                                                    2023                           2024                          2025
                                              Legacy         Legacy          Legacy         Legacy         Legacy         Legacy
                                              Huazhu             DH         Huazhu              DH        Huazhu              DH

Total hotels in operation                       9,263            131         11,025            122         12,740            118
  Leased and owned hotels                         607             84            557             76            511              62
  Manachised hotels                             8,501             25         10,359             21         12,148              22
  Franchised hotels                               155             22            109             25             81              34
Total hotel rooms in operation               885,630          26,814      1,062,329         25,889      1,239,397         25,022
  Leased and owned hotels                     86,691          16,303         82,580         15,490         76,694         13,363
  Manachised hotels                          786,157           5,196        970,181          4,647      1,154,806           4,437
  Franchised hotels                           12,782           5,315          9,568          5,752          7,897           7,222
Total hotel room nights available
  for sale(1)                            292,643,397       9,405,932   351,212,097        9,700,173   416,805,923       9,273,146
  Leased and owned hotels                 31,592,103       5,573,744    30,529,097        5,740,957    28,582,340       5,030,213
  Manachised hotels                      256,346,691       1,921,324   316,743,951        1,809,668   385,118,056       1,715,860
  Franchised hotels                        4,704,603       1,910,864      3,939,049       2,149,548     3,105,527       2,527,073


Note:

(1)      Excluding room nights of hotels that were temporarily closed. Legacy Huazhu’s hotels may be temporarily closed due to
         decoration, brand upgrade, or business model change purposes. Legacy DH’s hotels may be temporarily closed due to repair
         work or renovation.


RevPAR . RevPAR is a commonly used operating measure in the lodging industry and is defined as the
product of average occupancy rates and average daily room rates achieved.


Occupancy rates of our hotels mainly depend on the locations of our hotels, product and service offering,
the effectiveness of our sales and brand promotion efforts, our ability to effectively manage hotel
reservations, the performance of managerial and other employees of our hotels, as well as our ability to
respond to competitive pressure. From year to year, occupancy of our portfolio may fluctuate as a result
of changes in the mix of our mature and ramp-up hotels, as well as special events and public health
events.


We set the room rates of our hotels primarily based on the location of a hotel, room rates charged by
our competitors within the same locality, and our relative brand and product strength in the city or
city cluster. From year to year, average daily room rates of our portfolio may change due to our yield
management practice, city mix change and special events.




                                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025      61
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     The following table sets forth our RevPAR, average daily room rate and occupancy rate for legacy
     Huazhu’s leased and owned hotels as well as manachised and franchised hotels for the periods
     indicated.


                                                                                             Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                           2023                  2024                  2025

     RevPAR (in RMB)
                (1)


           Leased and owned hotels                                                          308                    308                   299
           Manachised hotels                                                                234                    228                   227
           Franchised hotels                                                                226                    229                   230
           Total hotels in operation                                                        242                    235                   232
     Average daily room rate (in RMB) (1)


           Leased and owned hotels                                                          372                    364                   361
           Manachised hotels                                                                289                    281                   284
           Franchised hotels                                                                309                    320                   335
           Total hotels in operation                                                        299                    289                   290
     Occupancy rate (as a percentage)
           Leased and owned hotels                                                            83                    84                    83
           Manachised hotels                                                                  81                    81                    80
           Franchised hotels                                                                  73                    72                    69
           Total hotels in operation                                                          81                    81                    80
     Weight of hotel room nights available for sale
           contributed by leased and owned hotels less
           than 6 months (as a percentage)(2)                                                   1                     2                     1


     Notes:

     (1)       The RevPAR and average daily room rates disclosed in this annual report for legacy Huazhu are based on the tax-inclusive
               room rates.

     (2)       Represents (i) the aggregate of monthly hotel room nights available for sale in a given period of leased and owned hotels,
               which had been in operation for less than six months, divided by (ii) the aggregate of monthly total hotel room nights available
               for sale in that same period.


     RevPAR may change from period to period due to (i) the change in the mix of our leased and owned
     hotels in the ramp-up and mature phases, (ii) the change in the mix of our hotels in different cities and
     locations, (iii) the change in the mix of our hotels of different brands, and (iv) the change in same-hotel
     RevPAR. The RevPAR for all hotels in operation of legacy Huazhu in 2025 was lower than the RevPAR for
     all of our hotels in operation of legacy Huazhu in 2024, primarily due to an increase in supply in 2025.
     The RevPAR for all hotels in operation of legacy Huazhu in 2024 was lower than the RevPAR for all of our
     hotels in operation of legacy Huazhu in 2023 primarily due to a high base in 2023 as well as an increase
     in supply in 2024.




62   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The following table sets forth our RevPAR, average daily room rate and occupancy rate for the leased
hotels as well as manachised and franchised hotels of legacy DH for the periods indicated.


                                                                                    Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                  2023                  2024           2025

RevPAR(1) (in EUR)
      Leased and owned hotels                                                         74                     79          81
      Manachised hotels                                                               60                     61          71
      Franchised hotels                                                               75                     80          91
      All hotels in operation                                                         71                     76          82
Average daily room rate(1) (in EUR)
      Leased and owned hotels                                                       115                  117            112
      Manachised hotels                                                               99                     94         102
      Franchised hotels                                                             120                  124            134
      All hotels in operation                                                       113                  114            116
Occupancy rate (as a percentage)
      Leased and owned hotels                                                         65                     67          72
      Manachised hotels                                                               61                     64          70
      Franchised hotels                                                               62                     65          68
      All hotels in operation                                                         63                     66          71


Note:

(1)       The RevPAR and average daily room rates for legacy DH are based on the tax-exclusive room rates.



The RevPAR for all legacy DH hotels in operation continually increased from 2023 to 2025, primarily due
to increased occupancy and average daily room rate of manachised and franchised hotels.


The seasonality of our business may cause fluctuations in our quarterly RevPAR. We typically have the
lowest RevPAR in the first quarter due to reduced travel activities in winter and during the Spring Festival
holidays, and the highest RevPAR in the third quarter due to increased travel during summer. National
and regional special events that attract large numbers of people to travel may also cause fluctuations in
our RevPAR.




                                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   63
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     The following table sets forth quarterly RevPAR of legacy Huazhu’s hotels for the periods indicated.


                                                                         For the Three Months Ended
                                 March 31,   June 30, September 30,     December 31, March 31, June 30, September 30,          December 31,
                                     2024       2024          2024               2024        2025   2025        2025                  2025
     RevPAR (in RMB):
     Leased and owned hotels          280        321            333             296         269         304            327                297
     Manachised hotels                209        237            249             215         203         230            250                221
     Franchised hotels                206        240            254             218         207         237            255                221
     Total hotels in operation        216        244            256             222         208         235            256                226


     The following table sets forth the quarterly RevPAR of the hotels operated by legacy DH for the periods
     indicated.

                                                                         For the Three Months Ended
                                 March 31,   June 30, September 30,     December 31, March 31, June 30, September 30,          December 31,
                                     2024       2024          2024               2024        2025   2025        2025                  2025
     RevPAR (in EUR):
     Leased and owned hotels           61         88             85              81          64          90              85                86
     Manachised hotels                 49         60             70              65          53          70              80                79
     Franchised hotels                 59         82             82              96          76          97              95                94
     Total hotels in operation         58         82             82              81          65          88              87                87


     Same-hotel RevPAR change . Our overall RevPAR trend does not reflect the trend of a stable and mature
     portfolio, because it may fluctuate when city mix and mix of mature and ramp-up hotels change. We
     track same-hotel year-over-year RevPAR change for legacy Huazhu’s hotels in operation for at least 18
     months to monitor the RevPAR trend for our mature hotels on a comparable basis. The following table
     sets forth our same-hotel RevPAR for hotels in operation under legacy Huazhu for at least 18 months for
     the periods indicated.

                                                                         For the Three Months Ended
                                 March 31,   June 30, September 30,     December 31, March 31, June 30, September 30,          December 31,
                                     2024       2024          2024               2024        2025   2025        2025                  2025
     Number of hotels in
       operation for at
       least 18 months               6,799     6,920           7,035          7,163        7,450      7,790           8,282           8,557
     RevPAR (RMB)                      218       248             258            222          205        233             250             222
     Same-hotel RevPAR
       change (as a
       percentage)(1)                  0.9       (3.6)         (10.3)           (6.7)       (8.3)       (7.9)          (4.7)              (2.5)


     Note:


     (1)      In calculating the same-hotel RevPAR change (as a percentage) of our hotels which have been in operation for at least 18
              months as of the beginning of any month within a certain period, the average RevPAR of these hotels within this period is
              compared with the average RevPAR of these same hotels in the corresponding period of the prior year.




64   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Financial Key Performance Indicators
Our financial key performance indicators consist of (i) revenues, (ii) operating costs and expenses, and (iii)
EBITDA (Non-GAAP) and Adjusted EBITDA (Non-GAAP).


Revenues . We primarily derive our revenues from operations of our leased and owned hotels and
franchise and service fees from our manachised and franchised hotels. The following table sets forth the
revenues generated by our leased and owned as well as manachised and franchised hotels and other
revenues, each in absolute amount and as a percentage of total revenues for the periods indicated.


                                                             Year Ended December 31,
                                         2023                    2024                          2025
                                     (RMB)          %      (RMB)             %         (RMB)    (US$)          %
                                                          (In millions, except percentages)

Revenues:
Leased and owned hotels             13,796        63.0     13,843          57.9       12,943    1,851        51.1
Manachised and franchised hotels     7,694        35.2      9,498          39.8       11,696    1,672        46.2
Others                                 392         1.8        550           2.3          668          95      2.7
Total revenues                      21,882       100.0     23,891         100.0       25,307    3,618      100.0


•        Leased and Owned Hotels . In 2023, we generated revenue of RMB13,796 million from our leased
         and owned hotels, which accounted for 63.0% of our total revenues for the year. In 2024, we
         generated revenues of RMB13,843 million from our leased and owned hotels, which accounted
         for 57.9% of our total revenues for the year. In 2025, we generated revenues of RMB12,943
         million (US$1,851 million) from our leased and owned hotels, which accounted for 51.1% of our
         total revenues for the year. As of December 31, 2025, we had 19 leased and owned hotels under
         development.


         For our leased hotels, we lease properties from real estate owners or lessors and we are
         responsible for hotel development and customization to conform to our standards, as well as for
         repairs and maintenance and operating costs and expenses of properties over the term of the
         lease. We are also responsible for substantially all aspects of hotel operations and management,
         including hiring, training, and supervising the hotel managers and employees required to operate
         our hotels and purchasing supplies. Our typical lease term ranges from ten to 30 years. For a
         substantial majority of our hotels, we typically enjoy an initial two – to eight-month rent-free
         period. For certain of our hotels (under Deutsche Hospitality), the landlords are responsible for
         renovating the hotels (other than soft furnishing) and we are not required to pay rent until this
         renovation is completed. We generally pay fixed rent on a monthly, quarterly, or biannual basis
         for the first three to five years of the lease term, after which we are generally subject to a 2%
         to 6% increase every three to five years or, for Deutsche Hospitality’s hotels, generally annual
         adjustments based on consumer price index levels.




                                                                          H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   65
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


            Our owned hotels include the hotels we acquired as part of our strategic alliance with Accor in
            2016 and the ones we acquired through acquisition of Blossom Hotel Management in 2018.


            Our revenues generated from leased and owned hotels are significantly affected by the following
            two operating measures:


            •      The total number of room nights available from the leased and owned hotels in our hotel
                   group . The future growth of revenues generated from our leased and owned hotels will
                   depend significantly upon our ability to expand our hotel group into new locations and
                   maintain and further increase our RevPAR at existing hotels.


            •      RevPAR achieved by our leased and owned hotels, which represents the product of average
                   daily room rates and occupancy rates . To understand factors impacting our RevPAR, please
                   see “– Non-financial Key Performance Indicators – RevPAR.”


     •      Manachised and Franchised Hotels . In 2023, we generated revenues of RMB7,694 million from
            our manachised and franchised hotels, which accounted for 35.2% of our total revenues for the
            year. In 2024, we generated revenues of RMB9,498 million from our manachised and franchised
            hotels, which accounted for 39.8% of our total revenues for the year. In 2025, we generated
            revenues of RMB11,696 million (US$1,672 million) from our manachised and franchised
            hotels, which accounted for 46.2% of our total revenues for the year. We expect that revenues
            from our manachised and franchised hotels will increase in the foreseeable future as we add
            more manachised and franchised hotels in our hotel group. We also expect the number of our
            manachised and franchised hotels as a percentage of the total number of hotels in our network
            to increase. As of December 31, 2025, we had 2,887 manachised and franchised hotels under
            development.


            •      Manachised Hotels . Our franchisees either lease or own their hotel properties and
                   also invest in the renovation of their properties according to our product standards.
                   Our franchisees are typically responsible for the costs of developing and operating
                   the hotels, including renovating the hotels according to our standards, and all of the
                   operating expenses. We manage our manachised hotels and impose the same standards
                   for all manachised hotels to ensure product quality and consistency across our hotel
                   network. Management services we provide to our franchisees for our manachised hotels
                   generally include hiring, appointing, and training hotel managers, managing reservations,
                   providing sales and marketing support, conducting quality inspections and providing other
                   operational support and information. We believe that our manachise model has enabled
                   us to quickly and effectively expand our geographical coverage and market share in a less
                   capital-intensive manner through leveraging the local knowledge and relationships of our
                   franchisees.


                   We collect fees from our franchisees. Our franchisees are responsible for all costs and
                   expenses related to hotel construction and refurbishing. Our franchise and management
                   agreements for manachised hotels typically run for an initial term of eight to ten years
                   under legacy Huazhu, and for our hotels under Deutsche Hospitality, 15 to 20 years.




66   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


    For our manachised hotels under legacy Huazhu, our franchisees are generally required to
    pay us an upfront franchise fee typically ranging between RMB80,000 and RMB1,000,000
    per hotel. In general, we charge a monthly franchise fee of approximately 3% to 6.5% of
    the gross revenues generated by each manachised hotel. We also collect from franchisees
    a reservation fee for using our central reservation system and a membership registration
    fee for customers who join our H Rewards loyalty program at the manachised hotels. In
    addition, we charge system maintenance and support fees and other IT service fees from
    our franchisees for sharing our technology infrastructure with our manachised hotels.
    Furthermore, we employ and appoint hotel managers for the manachised hotels and charge
    franchisees manager fee on a monthly basis.


    For our manachised hotels under Deutsche Hospitality, the franchisees are required to pay
    Deutsche Hospitality a management fee consisting of a base fee of 0.3% to 3.0% of the
    hotel’s turnover and an incentive fee of 6% to 10% of the hotel’s adjusted gross operating
    profit. Deutsche Hospitality participates in the distribution of the manachised hotel’s profit
    and charges a marketing fee for the manachised hotels. General manager compensation of
    a manachised hotel, including salaries, social security contribution, and various benefits
    and bonuses, is borne by the manachised hotel. For some manachised hotels outside
    Germany, Deutsche Hospitality further charges a license fee of approximately 0.5% to 1%
    of the hotel’s turnover.


•   Franchised Hotels . Under our typical franchise agreements, we provide our franchisees
    with training, central reservation, sales and marketing support, technology support, quality
    assurance inspections and other operational support and information. We do not appoint
    hotel managers for our franchised hotels. We collect fees from the franchisees of our
    franchised hotels and do not bear any loss incurred or otherwise, share any profit realized
    by our franchisees. Our franchise agreements for our franchised hotels typically run for an
    initial term of eight to ten years under legacy Huazhu, and for our hotels under Deutsche
    Hospitality, 10 to 15 years.


    For our franchised hotels under legacy Huazhu, we charge our franchised hotels fees
    on generally the same terms as our manachised hotels, except that we do not appoint
    hotel managers to our franchised hotels and thus do not charge these hotels a monthly
    management service fee.


    For our franchised hotels under Deutsche Hospitality, the franchisees are required to
    pay Deutsche Hospitality a franchise fee of approximately 0.5% to 3.8% of the hotel’s
    gross room revenue turnover and gross operating revenue. Some hotels outside Germany
    are charged a fixed franchise fee ranging from EUR40,000 to EUR200,000 per year. Most
    franchised hotels are also charged a central service fee (or marketing fee) and a license fee.




                                                           H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   67
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                 •     Other Revenues. Other revenues of RMB392 million, RMB550 million and RMB668 million
                       (US$95 million) in 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively, represented revenues generated from
                       services other than the operation of hotel businesses, which mainly included revenues
                       from the provision of technical services, procurement platform and Huazhu Mall, and other
                       revenues from legacy DH.


     Operating Costs and Expenses . Our operating costs and expenses consist of costs for hotel operation,
     other operating cost, selling and marketing expenses, general and administrative expenses, and pre-
     opening expenses. The following table sets forth the components of our operating costs and expenses,
     both in absolute amount and as a percentage of total revenues for the periods indicated.


                                                                  Year Ended December 31,
                                                2023                  2024                          2025
                                          (RMB)           %     (RMB)             %         (RMB)    (US$)         %
                                                               (In millions, except percentages)

     Total revenues                       21,882       100.0   23,891          100.0       25,307    3,618      100.0

     Operating costs and expenses
     Hotel operating costs:
     Rents                                 4,290        19.6     4,365          18.3        4,179      597       16.5
     Utilities                              685          3.1       690           2.9          656          94     2.6
     Personnel costs                       4,684        21.4     5,326          22.3        5,761      824       22.8
     Depreciation and amortization         1,329         6.1     1,254           5.2        1,190      170        4.7
     Consumables, food and beverage        1,327         6.1     1,293           5.4        1,221      175        4.8
     Others                                2,026         9.2     2,357           9.9        2,332      334        9.2
     Total hotel operating costs          14,341        65.5   15,285           64.0       15,339    2,194       60.6
     Other operating costs                   34          0.2        31           0.1           61           9     0.2
     Selling and marketing expenses        1,072         4.9     1,176           4.9        1,270      182        5.0
     General and administrative
       expenses                            2,086         9.5     2,508          10.5        2,262      321        8.9
     Pre-opening expenses                    35          0.2        50           0.2           41           6     0.2
     Total operating costs and expenses   17,568        80.3   19,050           79.7       18,973    2,712       74.9




68   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


•   Hotel Operating Costs . Our hotel operating costs consist primarily of costs and expenses directly
    attributable to the operation of our leased and owned as well as manachised hotels. Leased
    and owned hotel operating costs primarily include rental payments and utility costs for hotel
    properties, compensation and benefits for our hotel-based employees, costs of hotel room
    consumable products and depreciation and amortization of leasehold improvements, intangible
    assets and land use rights. Manachised hotel operating costs primarily include compensation and
    benefits for manachised hotel managers and other limited number of employees directly hired by
    us, which are recouped by us in the form of monthly service fees and commissions to the agents.
    We anticipate that our hotel operating costs in absolute amount will increase as we continue to
    open new hotels. Our hotel operating costs as a percentage of our total revenue may change from
    period to period mainly driven by three factors: (i) the hotel operating costs as a percentage of
    revenues from our leased and owned hotels, (ii) the operating costs, mainly personnel costs, as
    a percentage of revenues from the manachised and franchised business, and (iii) the weight of
    manachised and franchised hotels in our revenue mix.


•   Selling and Marketing Expenses . Our selling and marketing expenses consist primarily of
    commissions to travel intermediaries, expenses for marketing programs and materials, bank fees
    for processing bank card payments, and compensation and benefits for our sales and marketing
    personnel, including personnel at our centralized reservation center. We expect that our selling
    and marketing expenses will increase as our sales increase and as we further expand into new
    geographic locations and promote our brands.


•   General and Administrative Expenses . Our general and administrative expenses consist primarily
    of compensation and benefits for our corporate and regional office employees and other
    employees who are not sales and marketing or hotel-based employees, travel and communication
    expenses of our general and administrative staff, costs of third-party professional services, and
    office expenses for corporate and regional offices. We expect that our general and administrative
    expenses will increase as we hire additional personnel and incur additional costs in connection
    with the expansion of our business.


•   Pre-opening Expenses . Our pre-opening expenses consist primarily of rents, personnel cost,
    and other miscellaneous expenses incurred prior to the opening of a new leased or owned hotel.
    Our pre-opening expenses are largely determined by the number of pre-opening hotels in the
    pipeline and the rental fees incurred during the development stage. Landlords typically offer a
    two – to eight-month rent-free period at the beginning of the lease. Nevertheless, rental is booked
    during this period on a straight-line basis. Therefore, a portion of pre-opening expenses is non-
    cash rental expenses. For certain of our hotels (under Deutsche Hospitality), the landlords are
    responsible for renovating the hotels (other than soft furnishing) and we are not required to pay
    rent until this renovation is completed.




                                                                  H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   69
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     EBITDA (Non-GAAP) and Adjusted EBITDA (Non-GAAP). We use earnings before interest income, interest
     expense, income tax expense (benefit), and depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA, a non-GAAP
     financial measure, to assess our results of operations before the impact of investing and financing
     transactions and income taxes. Given the significant investments that we have made in leasehold
     improvements, depreciation and amortization expense comprises a significant portion of our cost
     structure. In addition, we believe that EBITDA is widely used by other companies in the lodging industry
     and may be used by investors as a measure of our financial performance. We believe that EBITDA
     is a useful financial metric to assess our results of operations before the impact of investing and
     financing transactions and income taxes and will provide investors with a useful tool for comparability
     between periods because it eliminates depreciation and amortization expense attributable to capital
     expenditures. We also use Adjusted EBITDA, another non-GAAP measure. In 2024, to better reflect the
     profitability of our core business, we redefined Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA excluding share-based
     compensation expenses, gain (loss) from fair value changes of equity securities, foreign exchange
     gain (loss), net, and gain (loss) on disposal of investments, and as a result, our Adjusted EBITDA in
     2023 were adjusted to conform to the 2024 presentation. We present Adjusted EBITDA because it is
     used by our management to evaluate our operating performance. We believe that Adjusted EBITDA
     provides meaningful supplemental information regarding our performance by excluding share-based
     compensation expenses, gain (loss) from fair value changes of equity securities, foreign exchange
     gain (loss), net, and gain (loss) on disposal of investments that may not be indicative of our operating
     performance. We also believe that: (i) both our management and investors benefit from referring to these
     non-GAAP financial measures in assessing our performance and when planning and forecasting future
     periods; (ii) these non-GAAP financial measures facilitate our management’s internal comparisons to our
     historical performance; and (iii) these non-GAAP financial measures are useful to investors in allowing
     for greater transparency with respect to supplemental information used regularly by our management in
     financial and operational decision-making. The presentation of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA should not
     be construed as an indication that our future results will be unaffected by other charges and gains we
     consider to be outside the ordinary course of our business.




70   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


A reconciliation of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA to net income, which is the most directly comparable U.S.
GAAP measure, is provided below:


                                                               For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                             2023          2024                2025
                                                           (RMB)          (RMB)            (RMB)         (US$)
                                                                           (In millions)

Net income attributable to our company                      4,085         3,048            5,080          726
Interest income                                              (248)         (210)            (223)          (32)
Interest expense                                              385           318              337           48
Income tax expense                                          1,204         1,662            2,161          309
Depreciation and amortization                               1,414         1,332            1,257          180
EBITDA (Non-GAAP)                                           6,840         6,150            8,612         1,231
  Share-based compensation expenses                           143           322              420           60
  (Gain) loss from fair value changes of equity
    securities, net                                          (109)           66               10             1
  Foreign exchange (gain) loss, net                           (90)          272             (569)          (81)
  (Gain) loss on disposal of investments                     (516)           10               –             –
Adjusted EBITDA (Non-GAAP)                                  6,268         6,820            8,473         1,211


The use of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA has certain limitations. Depreciation and amortization expense
for various long-term assets, income tax, interest income and interest expense have been and will be
incurred and are not reflected in the presentation of EBITDA. Share-based compensation expenses,
gain (loss) from fair value changes of equity securities, foreign exchange gain (loss), net, and gain (loss)
on disposal of investments have been and will be incurred and are not reflected in the presentation
of Adjusted EBITDA. Each of these items should also be considered in the overall evaluation of our
results. Additionally, EBITDA or Adjusted EBITDA does not consider capital expenditures and other
investing activities and should not be considered as a measure of our liquidity. We compensate for
these limitations by providing the relevant disclosure of our depreciation and amortization, interest
income, interest expense, income tax expense, share-based compensation expenses, gain (loss) from
fair value changes of equity securities, foreign exchange gain (loss), net, gain (loss) on disposal of
investments, capital expenditures and other relevant items both in our reconciliations to the U.S. GAAP
financial measures and in our consolidated financial statements, all of which should be considered when
evaluating our performance.


The terms EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are not defined under U.S. GAAP, and neither EBITDA nor
Adjusted EBITDA is a measure of net income, operating income, operating performance or liquidity
presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. When assessing our operating and financial performance, you
should not consider this data in isolation or as a substitute for our net income, operating income or any
other operating performance measure that is calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. In addition, our
EBITDA or Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to EBITDA or Adjusted EBITDA or similarly titled
measures utilized by other companies since such other companies may not calculate EBITDA or Adjusted
EBITDA in the same manner as we do.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025    71
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     TAXATION
     We are incorporated in the Cayman Islands. Under the current laws of the Cayman Islands, the British
     Virgin Islands and Seychelles, our subsidiaries are not subject to tax on income or capital gain. Under
     the current laws of Germany, companies are subject to income tax at a standard rate of 15% (15.825%
     including solidarity surcharge), plus municipal trade tax of 7%-21%. In other major jurisdictions,
     including Austria, Netherlands and Belgium, we are subject to a range from 9% to 25% of the statutory
     income tax rate, respectively.


     Our principal operations and geographic markets are in the PRC. Under the Law of the People’s Republic
     of China on Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT Law”), which was effective from January 1, 2008, domestically-
     owned enterprises and foreign-invested enterprises are subject to a uniform tax rate of 25%, and the
     industries and projects that are encouraged and supported by the State may enjoy tax preferential
     treatment. Jizhu Information and Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (“Jizhu Shanghai”), formerly known
     as Mengguang Information and Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd, is a recognized software development
     entity located in Shanghai of PRC. Jizhu Shanghai was qualified as high and new tech enterprise in
     December 2021 and December 2024, and accordingly is entitled to a reduced tax rate of 15% from 2021
     to 2026. Huazhu Cloud (Shanghai) Information and Technology Co., Ltd. (“Huazhu Cloud”) (formerly
     known as H-World Information and Technology Co., Ltd.) was qualified as high and new tech enterprise in
     December 2022 and December 2025, and accordingly is entitled to a reduced tax rate of 15% from 2022
     to 2027.




72   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The EIT Law imposes a withholding tax of 10% on dividends distributed by a PRC foreign-invested
enterprise to its immediate holding company outside of China, if such immediate holding company
is considered a “non-resident enterprise” without any establishment or place within China or if the
dividends received have no connection with the establishment or place of such immediate holding
company within China, unless such immediate holding company’s jurisdiction of incorporation has a
tax treaty with China that provides for a different withholding tax rate. A holding company which is a
tax resident in Hong Kong, for example, would be subject to a 5% withholding tax rate on the dividends
received from its PRC subsidiary if it owns at least 25% equity in the PRC subsidiary and is the beneficial
owner of the dividends. See “Risk Factors – Risks Related to Doing Business in China – It is unclear
whether we will be considered as a PRC resident enterprise under the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the
PRC, and depending on the determination of our PRC resident enterprise status, if we are not treated as a
PRC resident enterprise, dividends paid to us by our PRC subsidiaries will be subject to PRC withholding
tax; if we are treated as a PRC resident enterprise, we may be subject to 25% PRC income tax on our
worldwide income, and holders of our ADSs or ordinary shares that are non-PRC resident investors may
be subject to PRC withholding tax on dividends on and gains realized on their transfer of our ADSs or
ordinary shares.”


RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
We have grown rapidly since we began our current business of operating and managing a multi-brand
hotel portfolio in 2007. We believe that the period-to-period comparison of operating results should not
be relied upon as being indicative of future performance. The following table sets forth a summary of our
consolidated results of operations, both in absolute amount and as a percentage of total revenues for the
periods indicated. This information should be read together with our consolidated financial statements
and related notes for the relevant periods.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   73
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



                                                                          Year Ended December 31,
                                                    2023                       2024                            2025
                                                (RMB)           %       (RMB)              %       (RMB)        (US$)           %
                                                                      (In millions, except percentages)
     Consolidated Statement of
       Comprehensive Income Data:
     Revenues:
     Leased and owned hotels                    13,796        63.0     13,843         57.9           12,943     1,851        51.1
     Manachised and franchised hotels            7,694        35.2      9,498         39.8           11,696     1,672        46.2
     Others                                        392         1.8        550          2.3              668        95         2.7
     Total revenues                             21,882       100.0     23,891        100.0           25,307     3,618       100.0
     Operating costs and expenses :  (1)


       Hotel operating costs                    14,341        65.5     15,285         64.0           15,339     2,194        60.6
       Other operating costs                        34         0.2         31          0.1               61         9         0.2
       Selling and marketing expenses            1,072         4.9      1,176          4.9            1,270       182         5.0
       General and administrative expenses       2,086         9.5      2,508         10.5            2,262       321         8.9
       Pre-opening expenses                         35         0.2         50          0.2               41         6         0.2
       Total operating costs and expenses       17,568        80.3     19,050         79.7           18,973     2,712        74.9
       Goodwill impairment loss                     4          0.0          –            –               –             –        –
       Other operating income, net                404          1.8        359          1.5             485            69      1.9
       Income from operations                    4,714        21.5      5,200         21.8            6,819          975     27.0
       Interest income                             248         1.1        210          0.9              223           32      0.9
       Interest expense                            385         1.7        318          1.3              337           48      1.3
       Other income, net                           573         2.6         51          0.2               38            5      0.1
       Gain (loss) from fair value changes of
         equity securities, net                   109          0.5        (66)         (0.3)           (10)           (1)     (0.0)
     Foreign exchange gain (loss), net             90          0.4       (272)         (1.1)           569            81       2.2
     Income before income taxes                  5,349        24.4      4,805         20.2            7,302     1,044        28.9
     Income tax expense                          1,204         5.5      1,662          7.0            2,161       309         8.6
     Loss from equity method investments           (14)       (0.0)       (41)        (0.2)             (26)       (4)       (0.1)
     Net income                                  4,131        18.9      3,102         13.0            5,115          731     20.2
     Less: net income attributable to
       noncontrolling interest                      46         0.2         54          0.2              35             5      0.1
     Net income attributable to H World
      Group Limited                              4,085        18.7      3,048         12.8            5,080          726     20.1


     Note:

     (1)     Includes share-based compensation expenses as follows:


                                                                                 Year Ended December 31,
                                                                         2023          2024               2025
                                                                        (RMB)         (RMB)           (RMB)                 (US$)
                                                                                        (In millions)
     Share-based compensation expenses                                    143                  322             420            60



74   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



SEGMENT INFORMATION
We have two operating segments–legacy Huazhu and legacy DH. We use adjusted EBITDA as the segment
profit measure to evaluate the performance of each segment. The following table provides a summary of
our operating segment results for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025.


                                                                     Years Ended December 31,
                                     2023                                        2024                                      2025
                  Legacy    Legacy                          Legacy      Legacy                           Legacy   Legacy
                  Huazhu       DH Elimination       Total   Huazhu         DH Elimination        Total   Huazhu      DH Elimination       Total

Total revenues     17,444    4,465          (27)   21,882   19,029       4,881          (19)    23,891   20,535    4,794          (22)   25,307
Adjusted EBITDA     6,185      84            (1)    6,268    6,974        (154)          (0)     6,820    7,974     499             0     8,473


YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED DECEMBER
31, 2024
Total Revenues . Our total revenues increased by 5.9% from RMB23,891 million in 2024 to RMB25,307
million (US$3,618 million) in 2025. This increase was primarily due to the expansion of our hotel network.


•         Leased and Owned Hotels . Total revenues from our leased and owned hotels decreased by 6.5% to
          RMB12,943 million (US$1,851 million) in 2025 from RMB13,843 million in 2024.


•         Manachised and Franchised Hotels . Total revenues from our manachised and franchised hotels
          increased by 23.1% from RMB9,498 million in 2024 to RMB11,696 million (US$1,672 million) in
          2025, primarily due to the increased number of our manachised hotels.


•         Other Revenues . Other revenues increased by 21.5% from RMB550 million in 2024 to RMB668
          million (US$95 million) in 2025.




                                                                                               H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025           75
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Operating Costs and Expenses. Our total operating costs and expenses decreased by 0.4% from
     RMB19,050 million in 2024 to RMB18,973 million (US$2,712 million) in 2025.


     •      Hotel Operating Costs . Our hotel operating costs remained relatively flat at RMB15,285 million in
            2024 and RMB15,339 million (US$2,194 million) in 2025. Our hotel operating costs as a percentage
            of total revenues decreased from 64.0% in 2024 to 60.6% in 2025.


     •      Selling and Marketing Expenses . Our selling and marketing expenses increased by 8.0% from
            RMB1,176 million in 2024 to RMB1,270 million (US$182 million) in 2025. Our selling and marketing
            expenses as a percentage of total revenues remained relatively flat at 4.9% in 2024 and 5.0% in
            2025.


     •      General and Administrative Expenses . Our general and administrative expenses decreased by
            9.8% from RMB2,508 million in 2024 to RMB2,262 million (US$321 million) in 2025. The decrease
            was mainly due to lower restructuring costs incurred and decreased headcount in Legacy DH as
            compared with 2024.


     •      Pre-opening Expenses . Our pre-opening expenses decreased by 18.0% from RMB50 million in
            2024 to RMB41 million (US$6 million) in 2025. Our pre-opening expenses as a percentage of total
            revenues remained flat at 0.2% in both 2024 and 2025. Our pre-opening expenses in 2025 were
            primarily from legacy Huazhu.


     Other Operating Income, Net . Our other operating income increased by 35.1% from RMB359 million in
     2024 to RMB485 million (US$69 million) in 2025.


     Income from Operations . As a result of the foregoing, our income from operations increased by 31.1%
     from RMB5,200 million in 2024 to RMB6,819 million (US$975 million) in 2025.


     Interest Income/Expense, Net . Our net interest expense was RMB114 million (US$16 million) in 2025.
     Our interest income was RMB223 million (US$32 million), and our interest expense was RMB337 million
     (US$48 million) in 2025. Our net interest expense was RMB108 million in 2024. Our interest income was
     RMB210 million, and our interest expense was RMB318 million in 2024.


     Other Income, Net . We recorded other income, net of RMB38 million (US$5 million) in 2025, compared to
     other income, net of RMB51 million in 2024.




76   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Gain (Loss) from Fair Value Changes of Equity Securities, Net . Gain (loss) from fair value changes of
equity securities, net mainly represents the gain (loss) from our investment in equity securities with
readily determinable fair values. Our loss from fair value changes of equity securities was RMB10 million
(US$1 million) in 2025, primarily due to the decrease in the fair value of the market securities that we
held.


Foreign Exchange Gain (Loss) . Our foreign exchange gain was RMB569 million (US$81 million) in 2025,
compared to our foreign exchange loss of RMB272 million in 2024. Our foreign exchange gain in 2025
was primarily attributable to certain internal loan receivables denominated in Euro as a result of Euro’s
appreciation.


Income Tax Expense . Our income tax expense was RMB2,161 million (US$309 million) in 2025, increased
from income tax expense of RMB1,662 million in 2024, primarily due to the increase in our income before
income taxes.


Equity Method Investments . Our loss from equity method investments decreased from RMB41 million in
2024 to RMB26 million (US$4 million) in 2025, primarily due to decrease in losses incurred by certain of
our investee companies.


Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest . Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest
represents joint venture partners’ share of our net income or loss based on their equity interest in the
leased and owned hotels owned by the joint ventures which are controlled and consolidated by us. Net
income attributable to noncontrolling interest was RMB35 million (US$5 million) in 2025. Net income
attributable to noncontrolling interest was RMB54 million in 2024.


Net Income Attributable to H World Group Limited . As a result of the foregoing, net income attributable
to H World Group Limited increased from RMB3,048 million in 2024 to RMB5,080 million (US$726 million)
in 2025.


Segment Results


Total Revenue. Legacy Huazhu’s total revenues for 2025 were RMB20,535 million (US$2,936 million),
representing a 7.9% increase from RMB19,029 million in 2024 as a result of our hotel network expansion.
Legacy DH’s total revenues remained relatively flat at RMB4,881 million in 2024 and RMB4,794 million
(US$686 million) in 2025.


Adjusted EBITDA . Legacy Huazhu’s adjusted EBITDA from 2025 was RMB7,974 million (US$1,140
million), representing an increase from RMB6,974 million in 2024 as a result of our increased revenue
due to hotel network expansion. Legacy DH’s adjusted EBITDA from 2025 was RMB499 million (US$71
million), compared to its negative adjusted EBITDA of RMB154 million in 2024, primarily due to lower
restructuring costs incurred and decreased headcount, as well as its decreased impairment loss from
intangible assets.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   77
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED DECEMBER
     31, 2023
     Total Revenues . Our total revenues increased by 9.2% from RMB21,882 million in 2023 to RMB23,891
     million in 2024. This increase was primarily due to expansion of our hotel network.


     •      Leased and Owned Hotels . Total revenues from our leased and owned hotels increased to
            RMB13,843 million in 2024 from RMB13,796 million in 2023.


     •      Manachised and Franchised Hotels . Total revenues from our manachised and franchised hotels
            increased by 23.4% from RMB7,694 million in 2023 to RMB9,498 million in 2024, primarily due to
            the increased number of our manachised hotels.


     •      Other Revenues . Other revenues increased by 40.3% from RMB392 million in 2023 to RMB550
            million in 2024.


     Operating Costs and Expenses. Our total operating costs and expenses increased by 8.4% from
     RMB17,568 million in 2023 to RMB19,050 million in 2024.


     •      Hotel Operating Costs . Our hotel operating costs increased by 6.6% from RMB14,341 million
            in 2023 to RMB15,285 million in 2024, primarily due to the rising personnel costs as our hotel
            network continued to expand. Our hotel operating costs as a percentage of total revenues
            decreased from 65.5% in 2023 to 64.0% in 2024.


     •      Selling and Marketing Expenses . Our selling and marketing expenses increased by 9.7% from
            RMB1,072 million in 2023 to RMB1,176 million in 2024. Our selling and marketing expenses as a
            percentage of total revenues remained flat at 4.9% in 2023 and 2024.




78   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


•     General and Administrative Expenses . Our general and administrative expenses increased by
       20.2% from RMB2,086 million in 2023 to RMB2,508 million in 2024. The increase was mainly due
       to increased headcount as well as an increase in share-based compensation to attract and retain
       core employees who are key to our sustainable long-term business growth.


•     Pre-opening Expenses . Our pre-opening expenses increased by 42.9% from RMB35 million in 2023
       to RMB50 million in 2024. Our pre-opening expenses as a percentage of total revenues remained
       flat at 0.2% in 2023 and 2024. Our pre-opening expenses in 2024 was primarily from legacy
       Huazhu.


Other Operating Income, Net . Our other operating income decreased by 11.1% from RMB404 million in
2023 to RMB359 million in 2024.


Income (Loss) from Operations . As a result of the foregoing, our income from operations increased by
10.3% from RMB4,714 million in 2023 to RMB5,200 million in 2024.


Interest Expense, Net . Our net interest expense was RMB108 million in 2024. Our interest income was
RMB210 million, and our interest expense was RMB318 million in 2024. Our net interest expense was
RMB137 million in 2023. Our interest income was RMB248 million, and our interest expense was RMB385
million in 2023.


Other Income, Net . We recorded other income, net of RMB51 million in 2024, compared to other income,
net of RMB573 million in 2023. The higher other income, net in 2023 was mainly due to gains from sales
of Accor’s shares.


(Loss) Gain from Fair Value Changes of Equity Securities, Net . (Loss) gain from fair value changes of
equity securities, net mainly represents the (loss) gain from our investment in equity securities with
readily determinable fair values. Our loss from fair value changes of equity securities was RMB66 million
in 2024, primarily due to loss from fair value changes of UBOX shares.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   79
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Foreign Exchange (Loss) Gain . Our foreign exchange loss was RMB272 million in 2024, compared to
     our foreign exchange gain of RMB90 million in 2023. Our foreign exchange loss in 2024 was primarily
     attributable to certain internal loan receivables denominated in Euro as a result of the Euro’s
     depreciation.


     Income Tax Expense . Our income tax expense was RMB1,662 million in 2024, compared to income tax
     expense of RMB1,204 million in 2023. Our effective tax rate in 2024 was 34.6%, compared with 22.5% in
     2023. The higher effective tax rate in 2024 was mainly attributable to increased withholding tax related
     to dividend distribution.


     Equity Method Investments . Our loss from equity method investments increased from RMB14 million in
     2023 to RMB41 million in 2024, primarily due to the increase in losses incurred by certain of our investee
     companies.


     Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest . Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest
     represents joint venture partners’ share of our net income or loss based on their equity interest in the
     leased and owned hotels owned by the joint ventures which are controlled and consolidated by us. Net
     income attributable to noncontrolling interest was RMB54 million in 2024. Net income attributable to
     noncontrolling interest was RMB46 million in 2023.


     Net Income Attributable to H World Group Limited . As a result of the foregoing, net income attributable
     to H World Group Limited decreased from RMB4,085 million in 2023 to RMB3,048 million in 2024.


     Segment Results


     Total Revenue. Legacy Huazhu’s total revenues for 2024 were RMB19,029 million, representing a 9.1%
     increase from RMB17,444 million in 2023 as a result of our hotel network expansion. Legacy DH’s total
     revenues from 2024 were RMB4,881 million, representing a 9.3% increase from RMB4,465 million in
     2023 primarily due to optimized hotel operations and improved hotel performance.


     Adjusted EBITDA . Legacy Huazhu’s adjusted EBITDA from 2024 was RMB6,974 million, representing
     an increase from RMB6,185 million in 2023 as a result of our hotel network expansion. Legacy DH’s
     negative adjusted EBITDA from 2024 was RMB154 million, representing a decrease from its adjusted
     EBITDA of RMB84 million in 2023, primarily due to increased impairment loss from intangible assets and
     restructuring costs incurred in 2024.




80   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



OUTSTANDING INDEBTEDNESS
In May 2020, we issued US$500 million Convertible Senior Notes (the “2026 Notes”). The 2026 Notes
will mature on May 1, 2026 and bear interest at a rate of 3.00% per annum, payable in arrears semi-
annually on May 1 and November 1 of each year, beginning on November 1, 2020. The 2026 Notes can be
converted into our ADSs at an initial conversion rate of 23.971, subject to adjustment in some events, of
our ADSs per US$1,000 principal amount of the 2026 Notes (equivalent to an initial conversion price of
US$41.72 per ADS). The holders may require our Company to repurchase all or portion of the 2026 Notes
for cash on May 1, 2024, or in the event of certain fundamental changes, at a repurchase price equal to
100% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. In 2023, RMB0.01 million of the 2026
Notes was converted into 24 ADSs upon holders’ requests. As of December 31, 2024, we classified the
2026 Notes as long-term debt as the put option had expired. As of December 31, 2025, we reclassified
the 2026 Notes as short-term debt as the 2026 Notes mature on May 1, 2026.


In August 2022, we entered into a 3-year long-term facility of EUR220 million and RMB-equivalent of
EUR110 million term facility, and EUR70 million revolving credit facility agreement with several banks. As
of December 31, 2024, the outstanding loan amount was RMB equivalent of EUR99 million in long-term
bank borrowings, current portion. This amount had been fully repaid by December 31, 2025.


In March 2024, we entered into a five-year syndicated loan contract with a facility amount of RMB400
million expiring in March 2029. As of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2025, buildings with a net
book value of RMB510 million and RMB478 million, respectively, and land use rights with a net book
value of RMB69 million and RMB67 million, respectively, were pledged as collateral for the loan. The
loan was intended for the operation of headquarters buildings and refinancing existing obligations. The
interest rate resets every year, and is based on the People’s Bank of China one-year benchmark LPR
minus 55 basis points on the pricing date. There are some financial covenants including revenue and
profit related to this facility. We were fully in compliance with the covenants for the year ended December
31, 2024 and 2025. In 2024, we had drawn down RMB340 million under the facility agreement and repaid
RMB15 million. In 2025, we repaid RMB40 million. As of December 31, 2024 and 2025, the outstanding
loan amount was RMB325 million and RMB285 million, respectively.


In July 2025, we entered into a one-year loan facility of up to RMB2,000 million or its equivalent in other
currencies. We had drawn down RMB1,400 million under this agreement and the interest rate was fixed
at 1.8% per annum. As of December 31, 2025, the outstanding loan amount was RMB1,400 million and
total bank deposits of RMB1,406 million in short-term investments were pledged as collateral.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   81
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     As of December 31, 2025, we had a total debt balance of RMB5.8 billion (US$0.8 billion) and unutilized
     facilities of approximately RMB6.3 billion. We had complied with the covenants under our existing
     banking facilities as of December 31, 2025.


     LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
     Our principal sources of liquidity have been cash generated from operating activities, proceeds from
     our follow-on offering of ADSs in January 2023, borrowings from commercial banks, and issuance of
     convertible senior notes due 2026. As of December 31, 2025, we had RMB10,386 million (US$1,485
     million) in cash and cash equivalents and RMB146 million (US$21 million) in restricted cash. Our cash
     and cash equivalents and restricted cash consist of cash on hand, liquid investments which have
     maturities of three months or less when acquired and are unrestricted as to withdrawal or use, deposits
     used as security against borrowings, and deposits restricted due to contract disputes or lawsuits or
     special purpose. Our cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2025 primarily consisted of Renminbi
     and U.S. dollars.


     As of December 31, 2025, we had 19 properties for our leased and owned hotels under development. As
     of December 31, 2025, we expected to incur approximately RMB693 million (US$99 million) of capital
     expenditures in connection with (i) certain recently completed leasehold improvements and installation
     of equipment and (ii) the funding of the leasehold improvements and installation of equipment of these
     19 leased and owned hotels, which is expected to be incurred within one to two years. We intend to fund
     this planned expansion with our operating cash flow, our cash balance and our credit facilities.




82   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The following table sets forth a summary of our cash flows for the periods indicated:


                                                                      Year Ended December 31,
                                                            2023            2024                  2025
                                                           (RMB)           (RMB)             (RMB)       (US$)
                                                                             (In millions)

Net cash provided by operating activities                  7,674           7,518             8,379       1,198
Net cash used in investing activities                      (1,477)         (2,239)           (1,042)      (149)
Net cash used in financing activities                      (3,720)         (5,504)           (4,306)      (616)
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash
  equivalents, and restricted cash                           164               30               (30)        (4)
Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents
  and restricted cash, including cash classified
  within assets held for sale                              2,641             (195)           3,001        429
Less: net increase (decrease) in cash and cash
  equivalents classified within assets held for sale             17            (9)               (7)        (1)
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at the
  beginning of the year                                    5,086           7,710             7,524       1,076
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at the
  end of the year                                          7,710           7,524         10,532          1,506


OPERATING ACTIVITIES
In 2023, 2024 and 2025, we financed our operating activities primarily through cash generated from
operations.


Net cash provided by operating activities amounted to RMB8,379 million (US$1,198 million) in 2025,
primarily attributable to (i) our net income of RMB5,115 million, (ii) an added-back of RMB2,233
million in noncash lease expense, (iii) an added-back of RMB1,257 million in noncash depreciation and
amortization, and (iv) an increase in accrued expenses and other current liabilities of RMB936 million,
partially offset by a decrease in operating lease liabilities of RMB2,383 million.


Net cash provided by operating activities amounted to RMB7,518 million in 2024, primarily attributable to
(i) our net income of RMB3,102 million, (ii) an added-back of RMB2,300 million in noncash lease expense,
and (iii) an added-back of RMB1,332 million in noncash depreciation and amortization, partially offset by
a decrease in operating lease liabilities of RMB2,453 million.


Net cash provided by operating activities amounted to RMB7,674 million in 2023, primarily attributable to
(i) our net income of RMB4,131 million, (ii) an added-back of RMB2,163 million in noncash lease expense,
(iii) an added-back of RMB1,414 million in noncash depreciation and amortization, and (iv) an increase
in accrued expenses and other current liabilities of RMB1,133 million, partially offset by a decrease in
operating lease liabilities of RMB2,548 million.




                                                                        H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   83
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     INVESTING ACTIVITIES
     Net cash used in investing activities decreased from RMB2,239 million in 2024 to RMB1,042 million
     (US$149 million) in 2025, primarily due to (i) purchases of investments of RMB8,134 million mainly
     related to our purchase of time deposits and financial products, and (ii) purchase of property and
     equipment of RMB828 million, partially offset by proceeds from maturity/sale and return of investments
     of RMB7,777 million.


     Net cash used in investing activities increased from RMB1,477 million in 2023 to RMB2,239 million in
     2024, primarily due to (i) purchases of investments of RMB4,017 million mainly related to our purchase
     of time deposits and financial products and (ii) purchase of property and equipment of RMB883 million,
     partially offset by proceeds from maturity/sale and return of investments of RMB2,563 million.


     Net cash used in investing activities increased from RMB522 million in 2022 to RMB1,477 million in 2023,
     primarily due to (i) purchases of investments of RMB3,509 million mainly related to our purchase of time
     deposits and financial products and (ii) purchase of property and equipment of RMB894 million, partially
     offset by proceeds from maturity/sale and return of investments of RMB2,972 million.


     FINANCING ACTIVITIES
     Our major financing activities since 2021 consist of loans with commercial banks, proceeds from our
     follow-on offering of ADSs in January 2023, payment of dividends, and share repurchases.


     We had net cash used in financing activities of RMB4,306 million (US$616 million) in 2025, primarily
     consisted of (i) dividends paid of RMB3,907 million, (ii) repayment of short-term debt of RMB2,272
     million, (iii) repayment of long-term debt of RMB850 million, and (iv) payment of repurchases of ordinary
     shares of RMB783 million, partially offset by proceeds from short-term debt of RMB3,595 million.


     We had net cash used in financing activities of RMB5,504 million in 2024, primarily consisted of (i)
     dividends paid of RMB3,480 million, (ii) payment of repurchases of ordinary shares of RMB1,172 million
     and (iii) purchase of prepaid put option of RMB710 million.


     We had net cash used in financing activities of RMB3,720 million in 2023. Net cash used in financing
     activities in 2023 primarily consisted of repayment of short-term debt of RMB3,436 million and
     repayment of long-term debt of RMB2,336 million, partially offset by (i) net proceeds from issuance of
     ordinary shares of RMB1,973 million and (ii) proceeds from debt of RMB1,169 million.




84   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



CAPITAL EXPENDITURE
Our capital expenditures were incurred primarily in connection with leasehold improvements,
investments in furniture, fixtures and equipment and technology, information and operational software.
Our cash paid on capital expenditures totaled RMB901 million, RMB898 million and RMB838 million
(US$120 million) in 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. Our capital expenditures in 2025 consisted
of RMB828 million (US$119 million) in property and equipment and RMB10 million (US$1 million) in
software and license. We will continue to make capital expenditures to meet the expected growth of our
operations and expect our cash balance, cash generated from our operating activities and credit facilities
will meet our capital expenditure needs in the foreseeable future.


TRANSFER OF CASH WITHIN OUR ORGANIZATION
H World Group Limited is a holding company with no material operations of its own. H World Group
Limited conducts its operations primarily through its subsidiaries in China and Europe. Under legacy
Huazhu, H World Group Limited generally transfers cash to its Hong Kong or Singapore subsidiaries,
by way of loans and capital contributions, and these Hong Kong or Singapore subsidiaries generally
transfer cash to its PRC subsidiaries by making capital contributions or providing loans to them. H World
Group Limited may also directly transfer cash to its PRC subsidiaries by making capital contributions or
providing loans to them. These PRC subsidiaries generally transfer cash to the VIEs by loans or by making
payment to the VIEs for inter-group transactions. These PRC subsidiaries generally transfer cash to
these Hong Kong or Singapore subsidiaries by way of repayment of loans and dividends, and these PRC,
Hong Kong or Singapore subsidiaries generally transfer cash to H World Group Limited through loans or
repayment of loans.


To a lesser extent, H World Group Limited and its subsidiaries may transfer cash to entities of Deutsche
Hospitality by way of loans, if needed.


Except as disclosed in the table and discussion below, the VIEs have not distributed and do not currently
have any plans to distribute any earnings or settle any amounts owed under the contractual agreements
to our subsidiaries. The VIEs in aggregate contributed an insignificant portion (less than 1%) of our total
retained earnings as of December 31, 2024 and 2025.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   85
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     The following table presents the cash flows among the Company, its subsidiaries and the VIEs for the
     fiscal years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025.


                                                                Cash transfer between our company, subsidiaries and VIEs
                                                                                    (RMB in millions)
     Cash flows between subsidiaries and VIEs                               2023                2024              2025

     Loans from subsidiaries to the VIEs under the
           contractual arrangement                                             –                   0                 1
     Cash receipts by the VIEs from subsidiaries for services                 21                  12                 6

     Cash flows between holding company and
           subsidiaries(1)                                                  2023               2024              2025

     Loans to subsidiaries                                                  (987)                  (0)          (1,465)
     Repayment of loans by subsidiaries                                    2,061              1,000              3,678
     Loans from subsidiaries                                               2,574              2,553              2,608
     Repayment of loans from subsidiaries                                   (540)               (457)             (347)
     Dividend payment from subsidiaries                                        –                  19                 –


     Note:

     (1)       Includes overseas and PRC subsidiaries.



     For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025,


     •         our subsidiaries paid service fee totaled approximately RMB21 million, RMB12 million and RMB6
               million (US$1 million), respectively, to the VIEs for telecommunication services and internet-
               related services provided to hotels;


     •         cash inflows of the VIEs were primarily provided via loan arrangements with our subsidiaries,
               our payment to the VIEs for inter-group transactions, and capital contributions of the nominee
               shareholders;


     •         cash was transferred from H World Group Limited to our subsidiaries primarily through
               shareholder loans. In these same respective periods, our subsidiaries borrowed approximately
               RMB987 million, nil and RMB1,465 million (US$209 million), respectively, from H World Group
               Limited, and our subsidiaries repaid a total of approximately RMB2,061 million, RMB1,000 million
               and RMB3,678 million (US$526 million) loans, respectively, to H World Group Limited;


     •         our subsidiaries provided RMB2,574 million, RMB2,553 million and RMB2,608 million (US$374
               million) loans, respectively, to H World Group Limited, and H World Group Limited repaid
               approximately RMB540 million, RMB457 million and RMB347 million (US$50 million), respectively,
               to these subsidiaries for such loans; and




86   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


•      our subsidiaries paid dividend of nil, RMB19 million and nil, respectively, to H World Group
       Limited.


Other than the transfers described above, no assets were transferred among H World Group Limited, our
subsidiaries, and the VIEs for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025.


RESTRICTIONS ON CASH TRANSFERS TO US
H World Group Limited is a holding company with no material operations of its own. We conduct our
operations primarily through our subsidiaries in China and Europe. We face various restrictions and
limitations on foreign exchange, our ability to transfer cash between entities, across borders and to
U.S. investors, and our ability to distribute earnings from our subsidiaries and/or the VIEs, to us and
holders of the ADSs as well as the ability to settle amounts owed under the contractual arrangements
with the VIEs. If our subsidiaries or any newly formed subsidiaries incur debt on their own behalf in the
future, the instruments governing their debt may restrict their ability to pay dividends to us. In addition,
our subsidiaries are permitted to pay dividends to us only out of their retained earnings, if any, as
determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. Pursuant to laws applicable
to entities incorporated in the PRC, our subsidiaries in the PRC must make appropriations from after-
tax profit to non-distributable reserve funds. In particular, subject to certain cumulative limits, the
statutory reserve fund requires an annual appropriation of 10% of after-tax profit (as determined under
accounting principles generally accepted in the PRC at each year-end) until the accumulative amount of
such reserve fund reaches 50% of a PRC subsidiary’s registered capital. These reserve funds can only
be used for such specific purposes as provided in PRC laws and are not distributable as cash dividends.
In addition, due to restrictions on the distribution of share capital from our PRC subsidiaries, the share
capital of our PRC subsidiaries is considered restricted. As a result of these requirements under PRC
laws and regulations, as of December 31, 2025, approximately RMB4,269 million (US$610 million) was
not available for distribution to us by our PRC subsidiaries in the form of dividends, loans, or advances.


Due to various requirements imposed by PRC regulations on loans to and direct investment in PRC
entities by offshore holding companies, we and the VIEs may not be able to obtain the necessary
regulatory approvals or complete the necessary regulatory registrations or other procedures on a timely
basis, or at all, with respect to future loans by us to our PRC subsidiaries or the VIEs or with respect to
future capital contributions by us to our PRC subsidiaries. These requirements may delay or prevent us
from using our offshore funds to make loans or capital contribution to our PRC subsidiaries and the VIEs,
and thus may restrict our ability to execute our business strategy, and materially and adversely affect
our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business.


In addition, uncertainties regarding the interpretation and implementation of the contractual
arrangements with the VIEs could limit our ability to enforce such agreements. If the PRC authorities
determine that the contractual arrangements constituting part of the VIE structure do not comply with
PRC regulations, or if current regulations change or are interpreted differently in the future, our ability to
settle amounts owed by the VIEs under the VIE agreements may be seriously hindered.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   87
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Furthermore, due to restrictions on foreign exchange placed on our PRC subsidiaries and the VIEs by the
     PRC regulators under PRC laws and regulations, to the extent cash is located in the PRC or within a PRC-
     domiciled entity and may need to be used to fund our operations outside of the PRC, the funds may not
     be available due to such limitations unless and until related approvals and registrations are obtained.
     Under regulations of the SAFE, the Renminbi is not convertible into foreign currencies for capital account
     items, such as loans, repatriation of investments and investments outside of China, unless the prior
     approvals and registrations of the SAFE and other competent PRC authorities are obtained.


     DIVIDENDS OR DISTRIBUTIONS TO US INVESTORS
     We consider making an ordinary dividend distribution semi-annually, the aggregate amount of which for
     each financial year shall be no less than 60% of our net income in such financial year.


     On November 29, 2023, our company declared a cash dividend of approximately US$300 million,
     including an ordinary dividend in the amount of approximately US$200 million and a special dividend
     in the amount of approximately US$100 million. On July 23, 2024, our company declared a cash
     dividend of approximately US$200 million. On March 20, 2025, our company declared a cash dividend
     of approximately US$300 million. On August 20, 2025, our company declared a cash dividend
     of approximately US$250 million. On March 18, 2026, our company declared a cash dividend of
     approximately US$400 million.


     H World Group Limited’s source of dividends has come primarily from dividends from our PRC
     subsidiaries.


     TAXATION ON DIVIDENDS OR DISTRIBUTIONS
     The PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law and its implementing regulations (collectively “EIT Law”) provide
     that enterprises established outside of China whose “de facto management bodies” are located in
     China are considered resident enterprises. Currently, it is still unclear whether the PRC tax authorities
     would determine that we should be classified as a PRC resident enterprise. See “Other Information for
     Shareholders – Taxation – PRC Taxation.”


     The EIT Law imposes a withholding tax of 10% on dividends distributed by a PRC subsidiary to its
     immediate holding company outside of China, if such immediate holding company is considered a non-
     resident enterprise without any establishment or place of business within China or if the dividends
     received have no connection with the establishment or place of business of such immediate holding
     company within China, unless such immediate holding company’s jurisdiction of incorporation has a
     tax treaty with China that provides for a preferential withholding tax rate. A holding company which is
     a tax resident in Hong Kong, for example, would be subject to a 5% withholding tax on dividends under
     the Tax Arrangement between the PRC central government and Hong Kong if the holding company is the
     beneficial owner of the dividends and holds more than 25% of the share capital of the PRC company.




88   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The EIT Law provides that PRC resident enterprises are generally subject to a uniform 25% enterprise
income tax rate on their worldwide income. Therefore, if we are treated as a PRC resident enterprise, we
will be subject to PRC income tax on our worldwide income at the 25% uniform tax rate, which could have
an impact on our effective tax rate and an adverse effect on our net income and results of operations,
although we may be exempted from enterprise income tax on dividends distributed from our directly or
indirectly controlled non-PRC subsidiaries sourced from outside China, since such income received by
PRC resident enterprise may be tax exempted subject to certain requirements and limitations under the
EIT Law.


Our German subsidiaries are permitted to pay dividends from their distributable profit as long as there
are no agreements, such as debt covenants, that restrict such payments, in which regulations applying
to limited liability companies (Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung ) have to be taken into account.
Pursuant to the Law on Limited Liability Companies of Germany (Gesetz betreffend die Gesellschaften
mit beschränkter Haftung ), dividends are only payable out of profits. Typically, the directors of the
relevant companies will recommend a particular rate of dividend and these subsidiaries will, in general
meetings, declare the dividend subject to the maximum recommended by the directors. However, the
general meetings are not bound by the directors’ recommendation. They may also declare a dividend
exceeding the amount of the recommendation up to the amount of the total distributable profit of the
company.


In 2023, 2024 and 2025, RMB1,454 million, RMB3,787 million and RMB2,668 million were paid as
dividends from our PRC subsidiaries to our Hong Kong and Singapore subsidiaries, respectively. In 2025,
RMB182 million of PRC withholding tax was incurred as a result of our distribution of dividends. Except
as disclosed under “– Transfer of Cash within Our Organization,” no other dividend or distribution was
made by our offshore subsidiaries to our company in 2023, 2024 and 2025.


As of December 31, 2025, we have accrued a PRC dividend withholding tax of RMB322 million on
undistributed earnings, which we planned to distribute from our PRC subsidiaries to overseas
subsidiaries. Other than these planned dividends distributions, we intend to indefinitely reinvest
the remaining undistributed earnings of PRC subsidiaries, of which, no provision for PRC dividend
withholding tax has been accrued.


For purposes of illustration only, the following discussion reflects the hypothetical taxes that might be
required to be paid in Mainland China, Hong Kong and Singapore, assuming that: (i) we have taxable
earnings in the PRC subsidiaries/VIEs, and (ii) we determine to pay dividends with funds derived from our
earnings in the PRC subsidiaries/VIEs in the future. The illustration below, presented by percentages,
starts with pre-tax earnings of our PRC subsidiaries and VIEs and concludes with the percentage of that
amount payable to our company as dividends.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   89
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



                                                                                                                   Taxation Scenario(1)
                                                                                                                     Statutory Tax and
                                                                                                                        Standard Rates

     Hypothetical pre-tax earnings in the PRC subsidiaries/VIEs                                                                        100%
     Tax on earnings at statutory rate of 25% at WFOE(2) level                                                                         (25)%
     Amount to be distributed as dividend from WFOE(2) to Hong Kong or Singapore
           entities                                                                                                                     75%
     Withholding tax at standard rate of 10%              (3)
                                                                                                                                    (7.5)%
     Amount to be distributed as dividend at Hong Kong entities level/Singapore entities
           level and net distribution to H World Group Limited(4)                                                                   67.5%


     Notes:

     (1)       For purposes of this example, the tax calculation has been simplified. The hypothetical book pre-tax earnings amount is
               assumed to equal Chinese taxable income.

     (2)       We use the term “WFOE” to refer to our wholly-owned subsidiary in the PRC that is the counterparty to the VIEs in our
               contractual arrangements with them.

     (3)       The EIT Law imposes a withholding income tax of 10% on dividends distributed by a PRC subsidiary to its immediate holding
               company outside of Mainland China. A lower withholding income tax rate of 5% is applied if the immediate holding company is
               a Hong Kong or Singapore entity which is the beneficial owner of the dividends and holds more than 25% of the share capital
               of the PRC subsidiary. There is no incremental tax at Hong Kong or Singapore entities level for any dividend distribution to H
               World Group Limited.

     (4)       If the treaty benefit is available and a 5% withholding income tax rate is imposed, the withholding tax would be 3.75% of the
               hypothetical book pre-tax earnings amount and the amount to be distributed as dividend at Hong Kong or Singapore entities
               level and net distribution to H World Group Limited would be 71.25%.


     Currently, it is still unclear whether the PRC tax authorities will determine that we should be classified as
     a PRC resident enterprise. If we are deemed to be a PRC resident enterprise by the PRC tax authorities,
     dividends paid to our non-PRC individual shareholders, including our ADS holders, and any gain realized
     on the transfer of ADSs or ordinary shares by such holders may be subject to PRC individual income tax
     at a rate of 20%, which in the case of dividends may be withheld at source. Any such tax may reduce the
     returns on your investment in the ADSs or ordinary shares. See “Risk Factors – Risks Related to Doing
     Business in China – It is unclear whether we will be considered as a PRC resident enterprise under
     the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC, and depending on the determination of our PRC resident
     enterprise status, if we are not treated as a PRC resident enterprise, dividends paid to us by our PRC
     subsidiaries will be subject to PRC withholding tax; if we are treated as a PRC resident enterprise, we
     may be subject to 25% PRC income tax on our worldwide income, and holders of our ADSs or ordinary
     shares that are non-PRC resident investors may be subject to PRC withholding tax on dividends on and
     gains realized on their transfer of our ADSs or ordinary shares.”


     RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT, PATENTS AND
     LICENSES, ETC.
     See “Business Overview – Technology Infrastructure and Digitalization” and “– Intellectual Property”.




90   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



TREND INFORMATION
Jizhu Shanghai is a recognized software development entity located in Shanghai of PRC. In December
2021, Jizhu Shanghai was qualified as high and new tech enterprise, resulting Jizhu Shanghai subject to
a reduced tax rate of 15% in 2021, 2022 and 2023. In December 2024, Jizhu Shanghai was again qualified
as a high and new tech enterprise, resulting Jizhu Shanghai being subject to a reduced tax rate of 15%
in 2024, 2025 and 2026. In December 2022, Huazhu Cloud was qualified as high and new tech enterprise,
resulting Huazhu Cloud subject to a reduced tax rate of 15% in 2022, 2023 and 2024. In December
2025, Huazhu Cloud was qualified as high and new tech enterprise, resulting Huazhu Cloud subject to a
reduced tax rate of 15% in 2025, 2026 and 2027. Pursuant to the relevant regulations applicable to small
and micro businesses, several PRC subsidiaries enjoy a preferential tax rate of 20% with a discount to
taxable income. From January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2027, for taxable income less than RMB3 million,
75% of the taxable income would be exempted in tax computation. Entities qualified as small and micro
businesses shall be engaged in industries not restricted or prohibited by the state, which also meet
the following three conditions: annual taxable income does not exceed RMB3 million, no more than 300
employees, and the total assets does not exceed RMB50 million. The aggregate amount and per share
effect of tax holidays were as follows:


                                                                     Year Ended December 31,
                                                                   2023              2024                2025
                                                                  (RMB)             (RMB)               (RMB)
                                                                 (In millions, except per share data)

Aggregate amount                                                      60               47                  98
Per share effect – basic                                            0.02             0.02                0.03
Per share effect – diluted                                          0.02             0.02                0.03


Other than as disclosed elsewhere in this annual report, we are not aware of any trends, uncertainties,
demands, commitments or events for the current fiscal year that are reasonably likely to have a material
adverse effect on our total revenues, income, profitability, liquidity or capital resources, or that caused
the disclosed financial information to be not necessarily indicative of future operating results or financial
conditions.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   91
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES
     We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which requires our
     management to make estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities and disclosures of
     contingent assets and liabilities at the balance sheet dates, as well as the reported amounts of revenues
     and expenses during the reporting periods. To the extent that there are material differences between
     these estimates and actual results, our financial condition or results of operations would be affected.
     We base our estimates on our own historical experience and other assumptions that we believe are
     reasonable after taking account of our circumstances and expectations for the future based on available
     information. We evaluate these estimates on an ongoing basis.


     Our expectations regarding the future are based on available information and assumptions that we
     believe to be reasonable, which together form our basis for making judgments about matters that are not
     readily apparent from other sources. Since the use of estimates is an integral component of the financial
     reporting process, our actual results could differ from those estimates. Some of our accounting policies
     require a higher degree of judgment than others in their application.


     We consider an accounting estimate to be critical if: (i) the accounting estimate requires us to make
     assumptions about matters that were highly uncertain at the time the accounting estimate was made,
     and (ii) changes in the estimate that are reasonably likely to occur from period to period or use of
     different estimates that we reasonably could have used in the current period, would have a material
     impact on our financial condition or results of operations. There are other items within our financial
     statements that require estimation but are not deemed critical, as defined above. Changes in estimates
     used in these and other items could have a material impact on our financial statements. For a detailed
     discussion of our significant accounting policies and related judgments, see “Notes to Consolidated
     Financial Statements – Note 2 Summary of Principal Accounting Policies.”


     IMPAIRMENT OF GOODWILL AND BRAND NAME ARISING FROM THE
     ACQUISITION OF DEUTSCHE HOSPITALITY
     Brand names are generally considered to have indefinite useful lives which are obtained through
     business acquisitions and originally recorded at their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition.


     Estimating the fair value of our goodwill reporting units and brand name for impairment testing require
     significant judgment. Brand name is evaluated for impairment using an income approach utilizing the
     relief from royalty method. The determination of the fair value using the discounted cash flow model
     requires our management to make significant estimates and assumptions related to projected hotels’
     revenues and growth rates, projected operating cost, royalty saving rates and discount rates.




92   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The assumptions used to assess impairment consider historical trends, macroeconomic conditions, and
projections are consistent with our operating strategy. Changes in these estimates can have a significant
impact on the assessment of fair value which could result in material impairment losses.


For the year ended December 31, 2025, we performed a quantitative assessment of goodwill for legacy
DH. No goodwill impairment charges were recorded as a result of the testing. The estimated fair value
of goodwill for legacy DH exceeded the calculated carrying value by 70%. A 5% decline in projected cash
flows or increase in the discount rate would not result in an impairment.


We also performed quantitative impairment testing for a brand name for legacy DH. As of December 31,
2025, the estimated fair value of this brand name acquired in the DH acquisition was higher than its
respective carrying value. Following an impairment of RMB391 million recognized in 2024, which reduced
the carrying value by 16%, no impairment was recognized in 2025. The estimated fair value of this brand
name acquired in the DH acquisition exceeded their carrying value by approximately 9%. A 5% increase
in the discount rate or decrease in royalty saving rate would not result in impairments.


QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT
MARKET RISK
INTEREST RATE RISK
Our exposure to interest rate risk primarily relates to the interest rates for our outstanding debt and the
interest income generated by excess cash invested in liquid investments. We do not rely on derivative
financial instruments to manage our interest risk exposure. Interest-earning instruments carry a degree
of interest rate risk.


We have not been exposed to material risks due to changes in interest rates. However, our future interest
income and interest expense may be different from expected due to changes in market interest rates.


FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISK
A significant portion of our revenues, expenses and financial assets are denominated in the Renminbi.
Our reporting currency is Renminbi. The functional currencies of entities within Deutsche Hospitality
include Euro and other currencies such as Swiss Franc. We rely substantially on dividends paid to us
by our operating subsidiaries in China and Europe. Any significant depreciation of the Renminbi or Euro
against the U.S. dollar may have a material adverse effect on our revenues and the value of, and any
dividends payable on, our ADSs and ordinary shares, when translated into U.S. dollars. In general, our
exposure to foreign exchange risks should be limited, the value of your investment in our ADSs will be
affected by the foreign exchange rate between U.S. dollars and RMB and between U.S. dollars and Euro
because the value of our business is effectively denominated in RMB and Euro, while the ADSs will be
traded in U.S. dollars.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   93
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     The value of the RMB against the U.S. dollar, the Hong Kong dollar and other currencies may fluctuate
     and is affected by, among other things, changes in China’s political and economic conditions. The
     conversion of RMB into other currencies, including U.S. dollars and Hong Kong dollar, has been based
     on rates set by the People’s Bank of China. On July 21, 2005, the PRC regulatory authorities changed
     its decade-old policy of pegging the value of the RMB to the U.S. dollar. Under the new policy, the
     RMB is permitted to fluctuate within a narrow and managed band against a basket of certain foreign
     currencies. This change in policy caused the Renminbi to appreciate by more than 20% against the U.S.
     dollar between July 2005 and July 2008. Between July 2008 and June 2010, this appreciation halted
     and the exchange rate between the Renminbi and the U.S. dollar remained within a narrow band. Since
     June 2010, the RMB has fluctuated against the U.S. dollar, at times significantly and unpredictably. It
     is difficult to predict how market forces or the PRC or U.S. government policy may impact the exchange
     rate between the RMB and the U.S. dollar in the future. To the extent we hold assets denominated in U.S.
     dollars, any appreciation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar could result in a change to our statement
     of operations and a reduction in the value of our U.S. dollar denominated assets. On the other hand, a
     decline in the value of the RMB against the U.S. dollar and the Hong Kong dollar could reduce the U.S.
     dollar equivalent amounts of our financial results, the value of your investment in our company and the
     dividends we may pay in the future, if any, all of which may have a material adverse effect on the prices
     of ADSs and ordinary shares. To the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars or Hong Kong dollars
     into Renminbi or Euro for our operations, appreciation of the Renminbi or Euro against the U.S. dollar
     or Hong Kong dollar would have an adverse effect on the Renminbi or Euro amount we receive from the
     conversion.


     By way of example, assuming we had converted a U.S. dollar denominated cash balance of US$1 million
     as of December 31, 2025 into Renminbi at the exchange rate of US$1.00 for RMB6.9931, such cash
     balance would have been approximately RMB7.0 million (US$1 million). Assuming a 1.0% depreciation
     of the RMB against the U.S. dollar, such cash balance would have increased to RMB7.1 million (US$1
     million) as of December 31, 2025.


     CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
     DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
     Our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, has
     performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures within the
     meaning of Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by
     this annual report. Based on such evaluation, our management has concluded that, as of the end of the
     period covered by this annual report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective.




94   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



MANAGEMENT’S ANNUAL REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL
REPORTING
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, for our company. Internal
control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that (a) pertain
to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and dispositions of a company’s assets, (b) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles and that a company’s receipts and expenditures are being made only in
accordance with authorizations of a company’s management and directors and (c) provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of a
company’s assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements.


Because of its inherent limitations, a system of internal control over financial reporting can provide only
reasonable assurance with respect to consolidated financial statement preparation and presentation
and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to
future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate.


As required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and related rules as promulgated by the SEC,
our management assessed the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2025 using criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation,
our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of
December 31, 2025.


ATTESTATION REPORT OF THE REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025 has been
audited by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP, an independent registered public
accounting firm. The attestation report issued by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants
LLP can be found on our annual report on Form 20-F.


CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
There were no significant changes that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially
affect our internal control over financial reporting.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   95
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES
     Our audit committee is responsible for the oversight of the work of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified
     Public Accountants LLP and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu (collectively “Deloitte”), our principal external
     auditors.


     The policy of our audit committee is to pre-approve all audit and non-audit services provided by Deloitte,
     including audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other services, other than those for de
     minimis services which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit.


     We paid the following fees for professional services to Deloitte for the years ended December 31, 2024
     and 2025.


                                                                                                   Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                                            2024                      2025
                                                                                                             US$                       US$
                                                                                                            (In millions)

     Audit Fees    (1)
                                                                                                              3.0                        3.1
     Audit-related Fees      (2)
                                                                                                              0.1                            –
     Tax Fees(3)                                                                                              0.0                            –
     Other Service Fees      (4)
                                                                                                              0.2                            –
     Total                                                                                                    3.3                        3.1


     Notes:

     (1)      Audit Fees. This category includes the aggregate fees billed for the professional services rendered by our principal auditors for
              the interim review of quarterly financial statements and the audit of our annual financial statements.

     (2)      Audit-related Fees. This category includes the aggregated fees billed for the professional services rendered by our principal
              auditors for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our
              consolidated financial statements that are not reported under “Audit Fees.”

     (3)      Tax Fees. This category includes the aggregate fees billed for the professional services rendered by our principal auditors for
              tax compliance and tax advice.

     (4)      Other Service Fees. This category includes the aggregate fees billed for the professional services rendered by our principal
              auditors for business consulting.



     SIGNIFICANT CHANGES
     Except as disclosed elsewhere in this annual report, we have not experienced any significant changes
     since the date of our audited consolidated financial statements included in this annual report.




96   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES


  DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
  The following table sets forth the name, age and position of each of our directors and executive officers
  as of the date of this annual report. The business address of all of our directors and executive officers is
  No. 1299 Fenghua Road, Jiading District, Shanghai 201803, People’s Republic of China.


  Directors and Executive Officers       Age      Position/Title

  Qi Ji                                  59       Founder and Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors
  John Jiong Wu                          58       Co-founder, Independent Director
  Jie Zheng                              55       Executive Director
  Justin Martin Leverenz                 58       Director
  Theng Fong Hee                         71       Independent Director
  Lei Cao                                51       Independent Director
  Yi Zhang                               52       Independent Director
  Hui Jin                                48       Chief Executive Officer
  Arthur Yu                              46       Chief Financial Officer


  Qi Ji is our founder, and was appointed as a director in February 2007. Mr. Ji has also served as the
  executive chairman of our board since August 2009. Prior to his current role, he also served as our chief
  executive officer from 2007 to August 2009, from January 2012 to May 2015, and from November 2019 to
  September 2021. He co-founded Home Inns & Hotels Management Inc. and served as its chief executive
  officer from 2002 to January 2005. He also co-founded Trip.com Group Limited (“Trip.com,” a company
  listed on the NASDAQ, ticker symbol: TCOM), one of the largest online travel services providers in China,
  in 1999, acted as its chief executive officer and president until 2001, and served on Trip.com’s board
  as an independent director until February 2026. Mr. Ji received his bachelor’s degree in engineering
  mechanics and master degree in mechanical engineering from Shanghai Jiao Tong University in the PRC
  in 1989 and February 1992, respectively.


  John Jiong Wu , a co-founder of our company, has served as our director since January 2007. He is
  founding partner and chairman of FengHe Fund Management Pte. Ltd. He served as the venture partner
  of Northern Light Venture Capital and was an angel investor and the chief technology officer of Alibaba
  Group from 2000 to 2007. Mr. Wu was a non-executive director of Viva Biotech Holdings (a company listed
  on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code: 1873) from 2018 to 2020. Mr. Wu received his Bachelor of
  Science in Computer Science degree from the University of Michigan in August 1989.




                                                                        H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   97
     DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES


     Jie Zheng has served as our executive director since July 2024. Ms. Zheng has over 20 years of
     leadership experience across automotive and hospitality sectors both in China and internationally. Ms.
     Zheng is currently a venture partner of Peeli Ventures, where she provides management consulting for
     portfolio companies in consumer goods and MarTech industries. Ms. Zheng served as our chief strategist
     from October 2019 to September 2020, and rejoined us in January 2023 as a senior advisor and has
     served as a supervisory board member of Steigenberger Hotels GmbH since November 2023. From
     October 2010 to April 2019, Ms. Zheng held various positions within Fiat Chrysler Automobiles Group
     in China (“FCA China”), including chief executive officer of FCA China (currently known as Stellantis)
     and general manager of GAC Fiat Chrysler Automobiles Sales Co., Ltd. Prior to that, Ms. Zheng served
     as the vice president of marketing in Chrysler Group China Sales Ltd. from May 2008 to October 2010,
     the vice president of communications of Honeywell (China) Co., Ltd. from January 2007 to May 2008,
     the vice president of global public affairs and communications of OnStar Corporation (a subsidiary of
     General Motors) in the U.S. from October 2005 to January 2007, the assistant manager, senior manager
     and director, successively, of public affairs and communications of General Motors China Inc. from
     January 1997 to September 2005, and a business reporter of China Daily and Shanghai Star from July
     1993 to January 1997. Ms. Zheng obtained her bachelor’s degree in international journalism from
     Shanghai International Studies University in 1993, master’s degree of business administration from
     Rutgers University in 2004, master’s degree in psychology from Arizona State University in 2023, and
     is currently pursuing her PhD degree in psychology from California Institute of Integral Studies. Ms.
     Zheng was awarded the Most Influential Business Women in China by Fortune in 2011, 2014, 2017 and
     2018, respectively, and she has also received Mulan Award for Top Business Women in China by China
     Entrepreneur for six consecutive years since 2013.


     Justin Martin Leverenz has served as our executive director since August 2025. Mr. Leverenz was the
     Chief Investment Officer and a Senior Portfolio Manager of Invesco Developing Markets Fund from
     May 2007 to July 2025. He joined Invesco Ltd. in 2019 when it combined with OppenheimerFunds. Mr.
     Leverenz managed the OppenheimerFunds Developing Markets Fund, which was renamed the Invesco
     Developing Markets Fund, beginning in May 2007. He was a Portfolio Manager at OppenheimerFunds
     from 2007 to 2019, having started in 2004 as a senior research analyst supporting Global Equity Strategy.
     Prior to joining OppenheimerFunds, Mr. Leverenz was a director of Pan-Asian Technology Research for
     Goldman Sachs in Asia, where he covered technology companies in the region. He also served as the
     Head of Equity Research in Taiwan, China for Barclays de Zoete Wedd and as a Portfolio Manager for
     Martin Currie Investment Managers in Scotland. Mr. Leverenz obtained his bachelor’s degree in Chinese
     Studies and Political Economy from the University of California and his master’s degree in international
     economics from the University of California. He is a Chartered Financial Analyst® (CFA®) charter holder.




98   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                        DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES


Theng Fong Hee has served as our independent director of the Company since July 2020. Mr. Hee
is a senior lawyer in Singapore with over 40 years of experience. He is now a full-time independent
arbitrator and mediator with The Arbitration Chambers. Mr. Hee is a fellow of Singapore Institute of
Arbitrators and Chartered Institute of Arbitrators (UK). He is also on the panel of arbitrators in various
arbitration institutions including Singapore International Arbitration Centre (SIAC), China International
Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission (CIETAC), Beijing Arbitration Commission (BAC), Shanghai
International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission (SHIAC), Hong Kong International Arbitration
Centre (HKIAC), Hainan International Arbitration Court (HIAC), Chongqing Arbitration Commission (CQAC),
Shanghai Arbitration Commission (SHAC), Wuhan Arbitration Commission (WHAC) and Asian International
Arbitration Centre (AIAC). Mr. Hee is also an ambassador of Singapore International Mediation Centre
(SIMC) and has been an accredited mediator of Singapore Mediation Centre (SMC) since March 2017. He
serves as an independent director of several listed companies, including Zheneng Jinjiang Environment
Holding Company Limited (a company listed on the Singapore Exchange, stock code: BWM) from 2016 to
2022, Straco Corporation Limited (a company listed on the Singapore Exchange, stock code: S85) from
April 2016 to April 2025, Yanlord Land Group Limited (a company listed on the Singapore Exchange, stock
code: Z25) since October 2017, China Aviation Oil (Singapore) Corporation Ltd (a company listed on the
Singapore Exchange, stock code: G92) since April 2019, Haidilao International Holding Ltd. (a company
listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock code:6862) since September 2018, Tye Soon Limited (a
company listed on the Singapore Exchange, stock code: BFU) from May 1997 to June 2020, APAC Realty
Limited (a company listed on the Singapore Exchange, stock code: CLN) from September 2017 to June
2020, First Resources Limited (a company listed on the Singapore Exchange, stock code: EB5) from
October 2007 to May 2018, YHI International Limited (a company listed on the Singapore Exchange, stock
code: BPF) from May 2003 to April 2018, and Datapulse Technology Limited (a company listed on the
Singapore Exchange, stock code: BKW) from January 1994 to December 2017. Mr. Hee was also a director
of Chinese Development Assistance Council from June 2012 to June 2018 and Singapore Chinese Cultural
Centre from May 2015 to September 2019. He has been a director of Chua Foundation of Singapore
from March 2015 to 2021, F&H Singhome Fund II Ltd. since April 2012, F&H Singhome Fund III Ltd. since
August 2015 and independent non-executive director of Greenland (Singapore) Trust Management Pte.
Ltd. since April 2018. Mr. Hee was awarded the Public Service Medal and Public Service Star awards
respectively in 2008 and 2015. He was also appointed as a Justice of the Peace in April 2018. Mr. Hee
obtained his bachelor’s degree in law from National University of Singapore (formerly known as the
University of Singapore) with honors in Singapore in May 1979 and also received a diploma in Chinese law
from Soochow University in the PRC in October 2004. He has been admitted as an advocate and solicitor
by the Supreme Court of Singapore since October 1981.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   99
      DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES


      Lei Cao has served as our independent director since July 2020. She has been the head of tax Greater
      China in Philips Electronic Singapore Pte Ltd. since May 2012. Prior to that, Ms. Cao served as a senior
      tax director from January 2010 to May 2012 and a tax director from October 2007 to December 2009 in
      Philips China Investment Co., Ltd. She was also a tax director in Philips Electronics Singapore Pte Ltd
      from January 2006 to September 2007 and the senior tax manager in Philips China Investment Co., Ltd.
      from November 2003 to December 2005. Her primary role is to manage a team to provide tax solutions for
      Philips group in the responsible market, as well as to support and secure Philips group’s interests and
      operations. Previously, Ms. Cao worked in Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP
      from September 1995 to October 2003 under various roles and her last position was a manager in the tax
      and business advisory department. Ms. Cao received a bachelor’s degree with a major in international
      business management from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics in the PRC in July 1995. Ms.
      Cao is a PRC Certified Public Accountant, who has obtained her qualification from Shanghai Institute of
      Certified Public Accountants in December 2009, and is also a PRC Certified Tax Agent, who has obtained
      her qualification from Shanghai Certified Tax Agent Management Center in June 2000.


      Yi Zhang has served as our independent director since August 2025. Ms. Zhang has served as the Chief
      Financial Officer of SINA Corporation since March 2015. From March 2014 to March 2015, Ms. Zhang was
      the Chief Financial Officer of Weibo Corporation (NASDAQ: WB; HKEX: 09898), one of SINA’s subsidiaries.
      Prior to joining Weibo, Ms. Zhang was the Chief Financial Officer of AdChina Ltd., a company operating
      an integrated internet advertising platform in China, from May 2011 to February 2014. From October
      2007 to April 2011, Ms. Zhang was an audit partner of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu based in Shanghai,
      with a focus on serving Chinese companies listed in the United States and Chinese companies making
      initial public offerings in the United States. Ms. Zhang has served as an independent director of Yatsen
      Holding Limited (NYSE: YSG), a NYSE listed company since November 2020. Ms. Zhang has also served
      as an independent non-executive director of Swire Pacific Limited (HKEX: 0019), a Hong Kong-based
      international conglomerate with a diversified portfolio of market leading businesses since June 2022.
      Since February 2023, Ms. Zhang has served as an independent director of Hesai Group (NASDAQ: HSAI),
      a NASDAQ listed technology company. Ms. Zhang graduated summa cum laude with a B.A. in Business
      Administration from McDaniel College in Maryland in 1997. She is a member of the American Institution
      of Certified Public Accountants.




100   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                        DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES


Hui Jin joined us in 2005 and has served as our chief executive officer since September 2021. He has
successively served as the director of our Development Department, our vice president, executive vice
president, and president, respectively. Mr. Jin worked with Shanghai Home Inns Hotels Management
Limited as regional development manager during the period from March 2004 to December 2004. Mr. Jin
received his executive master’s degree from China Europe International Business School in the PRC in
August 2014, and a Bachelor of Science degree in Psychology from the East China Normal University in
the PRC in July 2000.


Arthur Yu joined us since December 1, 2025 and has served as our chief financial officer since March
2026. Before joining the Company, Mr. Yu served as the chief financial officer of Baozun Inc. from
December 2020 to April 2024. He was also the president of Baozun E-Commerce from December 2022
to March 2025. Before joining Baozun Inc., he worked for Jaguar Land Rover Plc, where he served as the
Global Vice President, the chief financial officer of the Greater China Region and a British-side supervisor
at Chery Jaguar Land Rover (a joint venture between Chery Automotive Co., Ltd. and Jaguar Land Rover in
China) from 2018 to 2020. Prior to this, Mr. Yu worked for BT Group Plc (a company listed on the London
Stock Exchange, stock code: BT.A) (“BT Group”) from 2009 to 2018 and held several senior leadership
positions within BT Group in the United Kingdom and Hong Kong. His last role within BT Group was the
chief financial officer (Asia, Middle East and Africa) and the Chairman of BT China. In his earlier career,
Mr. Yu worked in PricewaterhouseCoopers as a management consultant from 2007 to 2009 and in Rolls-
Royce Plc successively as management trainee, analyst and manager from 2004 to 2007. Mr. Yu received
a bachelor of science degree in management sciences from Warwick University in England in 2003, a
master of science degree in management information systems from the London School of Economics in
2004 in England, and an executive MBA degree from Judge Business School, University of Cambridge in
2016 in England. He is currently a fellow member of the Charted Institute of Management Accountant.


In compliance with Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules, Mr. Leverenz and Ms. Zhang had each obtained
the legal advice referred to in Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules on August 11, 2025 and August 8, 2025
respectively, and they had each confirmed that they understood their obligations as a Director.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   101
      DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES



      EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS
      We have entered into an employment agreement with each of our named executive officers. Each of our
      named executive officers is employed for a specified time period, which will be automatically extended
      unless either we or the named executive officer gives prior notice to terminate such employment. We
      may terminate the employment for cause, at any time, without notice or compensation, for certain acts,
      including but not limited to the conviction of a criminal offence and negligent or dishonest acts to our
      detriment. A named executive officer may terminate his or her employment at any time with a one-month
      prior written notice.


      Each named executive officer has agreed to hold, both during and after the termination or expiry of his or
      her employment agreement, in strict confidence, and not to use, except as required in the performance
      of his or her duties in connection with the employment, any of our confidential information or trade
      secrets or the confidential or proprietary information of any third party received by us and for which we
      have confidential obligations. In addition, each named executive officer has agreed to be bound by non-
      competition restrictions. Specifically, each named executive officer has agreed not to, during his or her
      employment with us and for a period of two years following his or her termination with our company, be
      engaged as employee or in another capacity to participant directly or indirectly in any business that is in
      competition with ours. Each named executive officer also agrees to comply with all material applicable
      laws and regulations related to his or her responsibilities at our company as well as all material written
      corporate and business policies and procedures of our company.




102   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                        DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES



COMPENSATION
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, the aggregate cash compensation and benefits that
we paid to our directors and executive officers were approximately RMB28 million (US$4 million). No
pension, retirement or similar benefits have been set aside or accrued for our executive officers or
directors. We have no service contracts with any of our directors providing for benefits upon termination
of employment.


SHARE INCENTIVE PLANS
2009 SHARE INCENTIVE PLAN
In September 2009, our board of directors and our shareholders adopted our 2009 Share Incentive
Plan with purposes similar to our 2007 Global Share Plan and 2008 Global Share Plan. Our 2009 Share
Incentive Plan was subsequently amended in October 2009, August 2010, March 2015 and May 2018. 430
million ordinary shares may be issued under our amended 2009 Share Incentive Plan, or the Amended
2009 Plan.


Plan Administration . The compensation committee administers our Amended 2009 Plan. Our ESOP
administration committee, currently comprised solely of Mr. Qi Ji, has been delegated certain authorities,
among others, to grant, in its sole discretion, options, restricted stocks and restricted stock units to be
issued under the respective share incentive plans to any of our employees and consultants except for
our directors and executive officers, and the aggregate number of shares covered by any single grant it
makes shall not exceed 5,000,000 ordinary shares.


Types of Awards .


•     Options . The purchase price per share under an option will be determined by a committee
       appointed by our board and set forth in the award agreement. The term of an option granted under
       the Amended 2009 Plan must not exceed ten years from the grant date, and a shorter term may be
       required.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   103
      DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES


      •      Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units . An award of restricted stock is a grant of our ordinary
             shares subject to restrictions the committee appointed by our board may impose. A restricted
             stock unit is a contractual right that is denominated in our ordinary shares, each of which
             represents a right to receive the value of a share or a specified percentage of such value upon the
             terms and conditions set forth in the Amended 2009 Plan and the applicable award agreement.


      •      Other Stock-based Awards . The committee is authorized to grant other stock-based awards
             that are denominated or payable in or otherwise related to our ordinary shares such as stock
             appreciation rights and rights to dividends and dividend equivalents. Terms and conditions of
             such awards will be determined by the committee appointed by our board. Unless the awards are
             granted in substitution for outstanding awards previously granted by an entity that we acquired
             or combined, the value of the consideration for the ordinary shares to be purchased upon the
             exercise of such awards shall not be less than the fair market value of the underlying ordinary
             shares on the grant date.


      Vesting Schedule . As of the date of this annual report, we have entered into option agreements and
      restricted stock award agreements respectively under our Amended 2009 Plan. Pursuant to our typical
      option agreement, 50% of the options granted shall vest on the second anniversary of the vesting
      commencement date specified in the corresponding option agreement, and 1/48 of the options shall vest
      each month thereafter over the next two years on the first day of each month, subject to the optionee’s
      continuing to provide services to us. Pursuant to our typical restricted stock award agreement, 50% of
      the restricted stock granted shall vest on the second anniversary of the vesting commencement date
      specified in the corresponding restricted stock award agreement, and 1/8 of the restricted stock shall
      vest each six-month period thereafter over the next two years on the last day of each six-month period,
      subject to the grantee’s continuing to provide services to us. For certain grants, we may also apply
      different vesting schedules set forth in the relevant agreements between the grantees and us or apply
      different performance conditions. For example, certain restricted stocks granted shall vest over a period
      of ten years in equal yearly installments.


      Termination of the Amended 2009 Plan . Our Amended 2009 Plan will terminate in 2029. Our board of
      directors may amend, suspend, or terminate our Amended 2009 Plan at any time. No amendment,
      alteration, suspension, or termination of these plans shall materially and adversely impair the rights of
      any participant with respect to an outstanding award, unless mutually agreed otherwise between the
      participant and the administrator.




104   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                        DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES



2023 SHARE INCENTIVE PLAN
In June 2023, our board of directors adopted our 2023 Share Incentive Plan with purposes similar to our
Amended 2009 Plan. In June 2024, our shareholders amended and restated the 2023 Share Incentive
Plan (the “Amended 2023 Plan”). 300 million ordinary shares may be issued under our Amended 2023
Plan.


Plan Administration . The compensation committee administers our Amended 2023 Plan. Our ESOP
administration committee, currently comprised solely of Mr. Qi Ji, has been delegated certain authorities,
among others, to grant, in its sole discretion, restricted stock units and options to be issued under the
respective share incentive plans to any of our directors, senior management, employees and consultants,
provided that the aggregate number of shares covered by the total grants it makes in a year shall not
exceed 5,000,000 ordinary shares and that any such grant shall be made in compliance with the rules of
the Amended 2023 Plan.


Types of Awards .


•       Options . The purchase price per share under an option will be determined by the compensation
        committee or a committee otherwise appointed by our board and set forth in the award agreement.
        The term of an option granted under the Amended 2023 Plan must not exceed ten years from the
        grant date, and a shorter term may be required.


•       Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units . An award of restricted stock is a grant of our
        ordinary shares subject to restrictions the compensation committee or the committee otherwise
        appointed by our board of directors may impose. A restricted stock unit is a contractual right
        that is denominated in our ordinary shares, each of which represents a right to receive the value
        of a share or a specified percentage of such value upon the terms and conditions set forth in the
        Amended 2023 Plan and the applicable award agreement.


•       Other Stock-based Awards . The compensation committee or the committee otherwise appointed
        by our board of directors is authorized to grant other stock-based awards that are denominated or
        payable in or otherwise related to our ordinary shares such as stock appreciation rights and rights
        to dividends and dividend equivalents. Terms and conditions of such awards will be determined
        by the compensation committee or the committee otherwise appointed by our board of directors.
        Unless the awards are granted in substitution for outstanding awards previously granted by an
        entity that we acquired or combined, the value of the consideration for the ordinary shares to be
        purchased upon the exercise of such awards shall not be less than the fair market value of the
        underlying ordinary shares on the grant date.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   105
      DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES


      Vesting Schedule . As of the date of this annual report, we have entered into option agreements and
      restricted stock award agreements respectively under our Amended 2023 Plan. Pursuant to our typical
      option agreement, 50% of the options granted shall vest on the second anniversary of the date of
      grant specified in the corresponding option agreement, and 1/48 of the options shall vest each month
      thereafter over the next two years on the first day of each month, subject to the optionee’s continuing to
      provide services to us. Pursuant to our typical restricted stock award agreement, 50% of the restricted
      stock granted shall vest on the second anniversary of the vesting commencement date specified in the
      corresponding restricted stock award agreement, and 1/8 of the restricted stock shall vest each six-
      month period over the next two years on the last day of each six-month period, subject to the grantee’s
      employment or service with us.


      Termination of the Amended 2023 Plan . Our Amended 2023 Plan will terminate in 2038. Our board of
      directors may amend, alter, suspend, discontinue or terminate our Amended 2023 Plan at any time. No
      amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuation or termination of these plans shall adversely impair
      the rights of any participant with respect to an outstanding award, unless mutually agreed otherwise
      between the participant and the administrator.


      The following tables summarize the outstanding options and restricted stocks that we have granted to
      our directors and executive officers and to other individuals as a group under our share incentive plans
      as of December 31, 2025.


                                        Ordinary Shares
                                            Underlying
                                           Outstanding        Exercise
                                                 Options         Price
      Name                                       Awarded   (US$/Share)   Date of Grant       Date of Expiration

      Qi Ji                                  7,240,910             2.8   May 31, 2023        May 31, 2033
      Hui Jin   (1)
                                             7,913,300             2.8   May 31, 2023        May 31, 2033
      Other individuals as a group(1)        9,251,820             2.8   May 31, 2023 –      January 13, 2033 –
                                                                         January 13, 2025    May 31, 2033




106   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                            DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES



                                                         Ordinary Shares
                                               Underlying Outstanding
                                                                Restricted
Name                                                     Stocks Awarded           Date of Grant

Qi Ji                                                            7,039,780        May 31, 2023
                                                                28,963,620        January 17, 2024
John Jiong Wu                                                      262,480        August 5, 2025
Jie Zheng       (1)
                                                                     79,110       June 28, 2024
                                                                 1,530,060        August 7, 2024
                                                                       8,000      January 13, 2025
Theng Fong Hee                                                     194,520        August 5, 2025
Lei Cao                                                              90,030       June 28, 2024
                                                                     96,370       August 5, 2025
Hui Jin   (1)
                                                                   363,190        March 26, 2015
                                                                   885,860        May 9, 2022
                                                                 6,925,000        May 31, 2023
                                                                 1,564,130        January 13, 2025
Yi Zhang                                                           262,480        August 5, 2025
Justin Martin Leverenz                                             656,200        August 5, 2025
Other individuals as a group      (1)
                                                                64,416,960        March 26, 2015 – October 15, 2025


(1)     The number may subject to change as certain of the awards granted are subject to performance conditions.




                                                                                   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   107
      DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES



      BOARD PRACTICES
      GENERAL
      Our board of directors currently consists of seven directors. Under our currently effective memorandum
      and articles of association, our board of directors shall consist of no less than two directors. Pursuant
      to our currently effective articles of association, our directors may be elected by our shareholders. If our
      board appoints any person as a director to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to our existing board,
      such director shall be subject to re-election at our first subsequent annual general meeting. There is no
      shareholding requirement for qualification to serve as a member of our board of directors.


      Our board of directors may exercise all the powers of our company to borrow money, mortgage or
      charge its undertaking, property and uncalled capital, and issue debentures, bonds and other securities
      whenever money is borrowed or as security for any debt, liability or obligation of our company or of any
      third party.


      We believe that each of Mr. John Jiong Wu, Mr. Theng Fong Hee, Ms. Lei Cao and Ms. Yi Zhang is an
      “independent director” as that term is used in NASDAQ corporate governance rules.


      DUTIES OF DIRECTORS
      Under Cayman Islands law, our directors owe fiduciary duties to our company, including but not limited
      to a duty to act honestly and a duty to act in good faith with a view to our best interests. Our directors
      also have a duty to exercise the skill they actually possess and such care and diligence that a reasonably
      prudent person would exercise in comparable circumstances. In fulfilling their duty of care to us, our
      directors must ensure compliance with our memorandum and articles of association.


      TERMS OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
      Each of our directors holds office until a successor has been duly elected and qualified or until his or her
      office is otherwise vacated in accordance with our currently effective articles of association. All of our
      executive officers are appointed by and serve at the discretion of our board of directors.


      BOARD COMMITTEES
      We have established two committees under the board of directors – the audit committee and the
      compensation committee. We have adopted a charter for each of the board committees. Each
      committee’s members and functions are described below. We currently do not plan to establish a
      nominations committee. As a foreign private issuer, we are permitted to follow home country corporate
      governance practices under Rule 5615(a)(3) of the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules. This home country
      practice of ours differs from Rule 5605(e) of the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules regarding implementation of
      a nominations committee, because there are no specific requirements under Cayman Islands law on the
      establishment of a nominations committee.




108   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                       DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES



Audit Committee
Our audit committee consists of three directors, namely Ms. Yi Zhang, Mr. Theng Fong Hee and Ms. Lei
Cao. All directors satisfy the “independence” requirements of the NASDAQ Global Select Market and the
SEC regulations. The chairwoman of our audit committee is Ms. Yi Zhang, who is qualified as an audit
committee financial expert within the meaning of the SEC regulations. The audit committee oversees our
accounting and financial reporting processes and the audits of the financial statements of our company.
The audit committee is responsible for, among other things:


•     selecting the independent auditors and pre-approving all auditing and non-auditing services
      permitted to be performed by the independent auditors;


•     setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent auditors;


•     reviewing with the independent auditors any audit problems or difficulties and management’s
      response;


•     reviewing and approving all proposed related-party transactions;


•     discussing the annual audited financial statements with management and the independent
      auditors;


•     discussing with management and the independent auditors major issues regarding accounting
      principles and financial statement presentations;


•     reviewing reports prepared by management or the independent auditors relating to significant
      financial reporting issues and judgments;


•     reviewing with management and the independent auditors related-party transactions and off-
      balance sheet transactions and structures;


•     reviewing with management and the independent auditors the effect of regulatory and accounting
      initiatives and actions;


•     reviewing policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management;


•     reviewing our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting;


•     timely reviewing reports from the independent auditors regarding all critical accounting policies
      and practices to be used by our company, all alternative treatments of financial information within
      GAAP that have been discussed with management and all other material written communications
      between the independent auditors and management;




                                                                   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   109
      DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES


      •      establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received from
             our employees regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters and the
             confidential, anonymous submission by our employees of concerns regarding questionable
             accounting or auditing matters;


      •      annually reviewing and reassessing the adequacy of our audit committee charter;


      •      such other matters that are specifically delegated to our audit committee by our board of directors
             from time to time; and


      •      meeting separately, periodically, with management, the internal auditors and the independent
             auditors.


      Compensation Committee
      Our compensation committee consists of Mr. John Jiong Wu and Ms. Lei Cao. Both directors satisfy the
      “independence” requirements of NASDAQ Marketplace Rules and the SEC regulations. Our compensation
      committee assists the board in reviewing and approving the compensation structure of our directors
      and executive officers, including all forms of compensation to be provided to our directors and executive
      officers. The compensation committee is responsible for, among other things:


      •      reviewing and approving the compensation for our directors and senior executives;


      •      reviewing and evaluating our director and executive compensation and benefits policies generally;


      •      reporting to our board of directors periodically;


      •      evaluating its own performance and reporting to our board of directors on such evaluation;


      •      periodically reviewing and assessing the adequacy of the compensation committee charter and
             recommending any proposed changes to our board of directors; and


      •      such other matters that are specifically delegated to the compensation committee by our board of
             directors from time to time.


      EMPLOYEES
      We had 26,985, 28,502 and 26,458 employees as of December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. We
      recruit and directly train and manage all of our employees. We believe that we maintain a good working
      relationship with our employees and we have not experienced any significant labor disputes. Some of
      our employees are represented by Unions and Works Councils, with a variety of collective bargaining
      agreements in place. Generally, we consider the relationships between us and Unions and Works
      Councils that represent our employees to be respectful.




110   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
        MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS AND RELATED PARTY
                               TRANSACTIONS
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS
The following table sets forth information with respect to the beneficial ownership, within the meaning of
Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, of our ordinary shares, as of March 31, 2026 by:


•        each of our directors and executive officers; and


•        each person known to us to own beneficially more than 5% of our ordinary shares.


Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and includes voting or investment power with respect to the ordinary shares. Except as
indicated below, and subject to applicable community property laws, the persons named in the table
have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares shown as beneficially owned
by them.


                                                                                    Ordinary Shares Beneficially Owned(1)
                                                                                                Number                            %

Directors and Executive Officers:
Qi Ji                                                                                    722,340,740(2)                        23.5
John Jiong Wu                                                                                9,784,090(3)                        0.3
Jie Zheng                                                                                        65,240   (4)
                                                                                                                                 0.0
Justin Martin Leverenz                                                                         201,790(5)                        0.1
Theng Fong Hee                                                                                           –                         –
Lei Cao                                                                                          70,040(6)                       0.0
Yi Zhang                                                                                                 –                         –
Hui Jin                                                                                      6,620,850(7)                        0.2
Arthur Yu                                                                                                –                         –
All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group                                          737,382,130(8)                        24.0
Principal Shareholders:
Winner Crown Holdings Limited                                                            701,908,810(9)                        22.8
East Leader International Limited                                                       259,863,980     (10)
                                                                                                                                 8.5
Invesco Ltd.                                                                            164,324,490(11)                          5.3
Trip.com Group Limited                                                                  220,494,460     (12)
                                                                                                                                 7.2


Notes:

(1)      The number of ordinary shares outstanding in calculating the percentages for each listed person or group includes the
         ordinary shares underlying options held by such person or group exercisable within 60 days from March 31, 2026. Percentage
         of beneficial ownership of each listed person or group is based on (i) 3,075,238,190 ordinary shares outstanding as of March
         31, 2026, and (ii) the ordinary shares underlying share options exercisable by such person within 60 days from March 31, 2026.




                                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025            111
      MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS


      (2)    Includes (i) 701,908,810 ordinary shares and 43,127 ADSs representing 431,270 ordinary shares held by Winner Crown
             Holdings Limited, or Winner Crown, a British Virgin Islands company wholly owned by Sherman Holdings Limited, a Bahamas
             company. Sherman is owned 100% by vote and value by the Ji Family Trust which is a revocable trust valid under the laws
             of the Republic of Singapore. Butterfield Trust (Asia) Limited acts as trustee of the Ji Family Trust, of which Mr. Qi Ji and his
             family members are the beneficiaries, (ii) 15,529,950 ordinary shares and 37,500 ADSs representing 375,000 ordinary shares
             held by Mr. Qi Ji, (iii) 1,173,260 ordinary shares underlying options held by Mr. Qi Ji that are exercisable within 60 days from
             March 31, 2026, (iv) 1,502,650 ordinary shares held by certain participants of our amended 2023 Plan, over which Mr. Qi Ji
             has voting power pursuant to relevant award agreements and may therefore be deemed to have beneficial ownership. Mr. Qi
             Ji disclaims economic interests associated with the 1,502,650 ordinary shares, and (v) 1,851,070 ordinary shares underlying
             options held by certain participants of our amended 2023 Plan exercisable within 60 days from March 31, 2026, over which
             Mr. Qi Ji has voting power pursuant to relevant award agreements and may therefore be deemed to have beneficial ownership.
             Mr. Qi Ji disclaims economic interests associated with the 1,851,070 ordinary shares underlying options that are exercisable
             within 60 days from March 31, 2026.

      (3)    Includes 9,784,090 ordinary shares held by Mr. John Jiong Wu.

      (4)    Includes 65,240 ordinary shares held by Ms. Jie Zheng.

      (5)    Includes 20,179 ADSs representing 201,790 ordinary shares held by Mr. Justin Martin Leverenz.

      (6)    Includes 70,040 ordinary shares held by Ms. Lei Cao.

      (7)    Includes (i) 5,467,870 ordinary shares held by Mr. Hui Jin, and (ii) 1,152,980 ordinary shares underlying options held by Mr. Hui
             Jin that are exercisable within 60 days from March 31, 2026.

      (8)    Includes ordinary shares and ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of all of the options that are exercisable within 60 days
             from March 31, 2026 held by all of our directors and executive officers as a group.

      (9)    Winner Crown is a British Virgin Islands company wholly owned by Sherman Holdings Limited, a Bahamas company. Sherman
             is owned 100% by vote and value by the Ji Family Trust which is a revocable trust valid under the laws of the Republic of
             Singapore. Butterfield Trust (Asia) Limited acts as trustee of the Ji Family Trust, of which Mr. Qi Ji and his family members are
             the beneficiaries. Mr. Ji is the sole director of Winner Crown. The address of Winner Crown is Vistra Corporate Service Centre,
             Wickhams Cay II, Road Town, Tortola, VG1110, British Virgin Islands.

      (10)   Includes 253,246,520 ordinary shares and 661,746 ADSs representing 6,617,460 ordinary shares held owned by East Leader
             International Limited (“East Leader”). According to Amendment No. 2 to Schedule 13D filed with the SEC on October 20,
             2025, East Leader is a British Virgin Islands company wholly owned by Perfect Will Holdings Limited, a British Virgin Islands
             company, which is in turn wholly owned by Trident Trust. The address of East Leader is Vistra Corporate Services Centre,
             Wickhams Cay II, Road Town, Tortola, VG1110, British Virgin Islands.

      (11)   Based on Amendment No. 8 to Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on November 6, 2025 by Invesco Ltd, Invesco Ltd. held sole
             dispositive power and sole voting power of 164,324,490 ordinary shares in H World.

      (12)   Includes (i) 72,024,820 ordinary shares that Trip.com purchased from us, (ii) an aggregate of 116,469,640 of our ordinary
             shares that Trip.com purchased from the Chengwei Funds, CDH Courtyard Limited, the IDG Funds, the Northern Light
             Funds and Pinpoint Capital 2006 A Limited, and (iii) 3,200,000 ADSs representing 32,000,000 ordinary shares that Trip.com
             subscribed in our initial public offering. Trip.com is a Cayman Islands company and its registered address is PO Box 309,
             Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands.


      As of March 31, 2026, we had 3,075,238,190 ordinary shares issued and outstanding. To our knowledge,
      we had two record shareholders in the United States. The number of beneficial owners of our ADSs in the
      United States is likely to be much larger than the number of record holders of our ordinary shares in the
      United States.


      None of our existing shareholders has different voting rights from other shareholders since the closing of
      our initial public offering. We are not aware of any arrangement that may, at a subsequent date, result in
      a change of control of our company.




112   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
            MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS



RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
TRANSACTIONS WITH TRIP.COM
We conduct transactions in the ordinary course of our business with Trip.com, one of our principal
shareholders in which Mr. Qi Ji, our founder, is a co-founder and served as an independent director
until February 2026. In addition, one officer of Trip.com is a family member of one of our directors. Trip.
com rendered reservation services to us to facilitate our customers in making reservations at our hotels
from Trip.com’s hotel booking system. In 2025, the aggregate commission fees paid to Trip.com for its
reservation services amounted to RMB307 million (US$44 million). In 2025, the lease expenses of our
leased and owned hotel paid to Trip.com amounted to RMB19 million (US$3 million).


In 2025, we provided technical services to Trip.com and recorded service fees amounted to RMB116
million (US$17 million).


TRANSACTION WITH CJIA GROUP
China Cjia Group Limited (the “Cjia Group”) is one of our equity investees. We sold goods and provided IT
and other services to Cjia Group amounted to RMB28 million (US$4 million) in 2025.


In 2025, the lease expenses our lease hotels recognized to Cjia Group amounted to RMB38 million (US$5
million). In 2025, we recognized sublease income from Cjia Group amounted to RMB5 million (US$1
million).


TRANSACTION WITH AZURE HOSPITALITY FUND I LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
(“AZURE”)
Azure is one of our equity investees. We recognized service fees from Azure in the amount of RMB21
million (US$3 million) in 2025.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   113
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


      IMPLICATIONS OF BEING A FOREIGN PRIVATE ISSUER
      AND A CHINA-BASED COMPANY
      H World Group Limited is a holding company incorporated in the Cayman Islands. As a holding company,
      it has no material operations of its own and conducts substantially all its operations through its
      subsidiaries. China is one of our major markets, and we also have operations in other countries and areas
      including Europe, the Middle East and the Southeast Asia.


      Permits and Permission Required from the PRC Authorities for Our
      Operations
      We conduct our business in China through our subsidiaries, and for some businesses the direct holding
      of which is restricted by PRC law, through the Consolidated Affiliated Entities, including the VIEs, which
      we are required to obtain certain permissions from the PRC authorities. The PRC government has
      exercised, and may continue to exercise, substantial influence or control across sectors of the Chinese
      economy. Our ability to operate in China may be undermined if our subsidiaries or the VIEs are not able
      to obtain or maintain approvals to operate in China. The central or local governments could impose new,
      stricter regulations or interpretations of existing regulations that could require additional expenditures
      and efforts on our part to ensure our compliance with such regulations or interpretations. As of the date
      of this annual report, we and the VIEs have received all requisite permits, approvals and certificates
      from the PRC government authorities to conduct our business operations in China. However, given the
      uncertainties of interpretation and implementation of relevant laws and regulations and the enforcement
      practice by government authorities, we cannot assure you that relevant policies in this regard will not
      change in the future, and such change may require us or our subsidiaries or VIEs to obtain additional
      licenses, permits, filings or approvals for conducting our business in the PRC. If we or our subsidiaries
      or VIEs do not receive or maintain required permissions or approvals, or inadvertently conclude that
      such permissions or approvals are not required, we may be subject to governmental investigations
      or enforcement actions, fines, penalties, suspension of operations, or be prohibited from engaging in
      relevant business or conducting securities offering, and these risks could result in a material adverse
      change in our operations, significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer
      securities to investors, or cause such securities to significantly decline in value or become worthless.


      As advised by our PRC counsel, JunHe LLP, as of the date of this annual report, none of our PRC
      subsidiaries or VIEs are required to obtain any further permission or approval from China Securities
      Regulatory Commission (the “CSRC”), Cyberspace Administration of China (the “CAC”), or other PRC
      regulatory authorities to approve our contractual arrangements with the VIEs and their respective
      shareholders other than the permissions related to certain businesses operated by the Consolidated
      Affiliated Entities, or the renewal of the permission or approval we have already obtained (if applicable).




114   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                       OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


JunHe LLP is of the view that:


(a)   pursuant to the Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by
      Domestic Companies (the “Trial Measures”) and its relevant notes and five supporting guidelines
      (each, “Supporting Guideline”), which came into effect on March 31, 2023, PRC-based companies
      that seek to offer and list securities in overseas markets, either through direct or indirect means,
      are required to conduct relevant filings with the CSRC.


      Furthermore, pursuant to the Circular on the Arrangements for the Filing-based Administration of
      Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies (the “Trial Measures Circular”),
      companies that have already offered or listed securities overseas prior to the implementation of
      the Trial Measures are considered as “Stock Enterprises”, and these Stock Enterprises are not
      required to apply for filings immediately with CSRC until a re-financing event takes place and then
      a filing for such re-financing is required.


      As our company is considered as a Stock Enterprise, our PRC subsidiaries or the VIEs are not
      subject to immediate filing requirements under the Trial Measures. However, in the event of our
      future re-financing in an overseas market (whether on NASDAQ, Hong Kong Stock Exchange or in
      other overseas market), we will be subject to relevant filing requirements of the CSRC; and


(b)   with respect to the regulatory requirements for cyber security and data protection, according to
      the Cybersecurity Review Measures issued by the CAC and other twelve regulatory authorities,
      which became effective in February 2022, a company is subject to cybersecurity review if it affects
      or may affect national security and falls under any of the following circumstances: (i) it is a critical
      information infrastructure operator (“CIIO”), who purchases network products and service, or (ii) it
      is a network platform operator who carries out data processing activities. In addition, any network
      platform operator possessing over one million users’ individual information must apply for a
      cybersecurity review before listing abroad. Relevant PRC regulatory authorities may also initiate
      cybersecurity review if they determine that certain network products, services, or data processing
      activities affect or may affect national security.


      As of the date of this annual report, none of our company, our subsidiaries or the VIEs has
      received any notice from the CAC or other PRC regulatory authorities that identifies any of these
      entities as a CIIO under the Cybersecurity Review Measures or has been required to go through a
      cybersecurity review by any PRC authorities. Also, none of our company, our subsidiaries or the
      VIEs has received any notice from the CAC or other PRC regulatory authorities that investigate our
      data processing activities or accuses our data processing activities affecting national security.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   115
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


      On July 7, 2022, the CAC issued the Measures for the Security Assessment of Data Cross-border Transfer,
      or the Security Assessment Measures, which became effective on September 1, 2022. In accordance with
      the Security Assessment Measures, a data processor should apply to the CAC for a data export security
      assessment under certain circumstances, including, among others, (i) where a data processor provides
      important data abroad; (ii) where a CIIO or a data processor processing personal information of over one
      million people provides personal information abroad; (iii) where a data processor has provided personal
      information of 100,000 people or sensitive personal information of 10,000 people in total abroad since
      January 1 of the previous year; and (iv) other circumstances prescribed by the CAC. Moreover, the
      Security Assessment Measures provide that for non-compliant cross-border data transfers that had
      been carried out before this regulation came into effect, rectification must be completed within six
      months from the effective date of the regulation. The said rectification includes, among others, a self-
      assessment on the risks of cross-border data transmission. After the completion of rectification, the
      data processor should file an application with the CAC by submitting materials including, (i) a declaration
      form; (ii) a self-assessment report on the risks of cross-border data transmission; (iii) the legal
      documents to be concluded by the data processor and the overseas recipient; and (iv) other materials
      necessary for data export security assessment.


      As of the date of this annual report, we have conducted the self-assessment on the risks of the cross-
      border data transfers involved in our business operations pursuant to the regulation and have filed an
      assessment filing with the CAC within six months from the effective date of the Security Assessment
      Measures. We have received the written decision from the CAC approving the cross-border data transfers
      required for overseas hotel reservation.


      On February 22, 2023, the CAC issued the Measures for the Standard Contract for Outbound Transfer of
      Personal Information, which became effective on June 1, 2023. Pursuant to PRC law and such regulation,
      entering into a CAC-formulated standard contract with the overseas data recipient is a pre-requisite
      for a data processor to transfer data abroad, if such data processor meets all the following conditions:
      (i) it is not a CIIO; (ii) it processes personal information of fewer than one million individuals; (iii) it has
      cumulatively transferred personal information of fewer than 100,000 individuals abroad since January 1
      of the previous year; and (iv) it has cumulatively transferred sensitive personal information of fewer than
      10,000 individuals abroad since January 1 of the previous year. Within ten (10) working days after the
      standard contract takes effect, the data processor should file the executed standard contract with the
      CAC.




116   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                       OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


On March 22, 2024, the CAC enacted the Provisions on Promoting and Regulating Cross-Border Data
Flows (the “Cross-Border Data Flows Provisions”), which replaced the trigger event of a data processor’s
responsibility to apply for the data export security assessment, submit the standard contract filing,
or obtain the compliance certification under the Security Assessment Measures and the Measures
for the Standard Contract for Outbound Transfer of Personal Information, and further regulated that
such responsibilities can be exempted under certain circumstances, including, among others: (i) an
individual’s information must be provided abroad for entering into or performing a contract which the
individual is a contracting party, such as for cross-border shopping, cross-border delivery, cross-border
remittance, cross-border payment, cross-border account opening, air ticket and hotel reservation, visa
processing and examination services; (ii) an employee’s information must be provided abroad for human
resource management under the labor-relating rules and regulations and a collective contract signed
in accordance with the law; (iii) an individual’s information that must be provided abroad to protect the
safety of his/her life and property under emergency circumstances; and (iv) the cumulative number of
the individuals’ information that a data processor (other than CIIO) transferred abroad in a year since
January 1 is smaller than 100,000 individuals and no sensitive personal information is included.


On September 24, 2024, the State Council formally issued the Administrative Regulations on Cyber Data
Security (“Cyber Data Security Regulations”), which became effective on January 1, 2025, stipulating
that where network data handlers carry out network data processing activities that affect or may
affect national security, they should undergo a national security review in accordance with relevant
national regulations. The Cyber Data Security Regulations optimize regulations for cross-border data
security management, specifying conditions under which network data processors may provide personal
information abroad in accordance with international treaties or agreements. The regulations clarify that
data not identified or publicly disclosed as important data by relevant regions or departments need
not undergo cross-border security assessments for important data. Further, the Cyber Data Security
Regulations set forth network data security protection requirements for network platform service
providers, third-party product and service providers, and other relevant entities.


In addition, on October 28, 2025, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress (the
“NPC”) adopted the amendments to the Cybersecurity Law of the People’s Republic of China (the
“Cybersecurity Law”), which took effect on January 1, 2026. The amendments introduce a framework
for artificial intelligence governance, clarify that network operators must process personal information
in accordance with the Civil Code and the Personal Information Protection Law, and other applicable
laws and regulations, and substantially increase penalties for non-compliance, with maximum fines
of up to RMB10 million for companies and RMB1 million for responsible individuals in cases involving
exceptionally serious consequences. The amendments also expand the extraterritorial application of the
Cybersecurity Law to any activities by overseas actors that endanger China’s cybersecurity.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   117
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


      As of the date of this annual report, we have conducted a personal information protection impact
      assessment on our cross-border data transfer scenarios and got permitted. Then according to the new
      Cross-Border Data Flows Provisions, we concluded that the personal information export involved in
      hotel reservation scenarios can be exempted from applying for the data export security assessment,
      submitting standard contract filing, and obtaining the compliance certification. This exemption is
      justified as our cross-border data transfers are conducted for hotel reservations pursuant to contracts
      entered into with our customers, which is explicitly recognized as an exempted scenario under the Cross-
      Border Data Flows Provisions.


      There remains uncertainty as to how current or future relevant rules published by the CSRC and the
      CAC will be interpreted or implemented, and the opinions summarized above are subject to new laws,
      rules and regulations and/or detailed implementations and interpretations. In addition, PRC laws
      and regulations governing the conditions and the requirements of such approval are uncertain, and
      the relevant regulatory authorities have broad discretion in interpreting these laws and regulations.
      Accordingly, the PRC regulatory authorities may take a different view than what is described above. PRC
      regulatory authorities that regulate our business and other participants in our industry may not agree
      that our corporate structure or any of the above contractual arrangements comply with PRC licensing,
      registration or other regulatory requirements, with existing policies or with requirements or policies that
      may be adopted in the future.


      Furthermore, under current PRC laws, regulations and regulatory rules, our PRC subsidiaries or VIEs
      may be required to obtain permissions from the CSRC and may be required to go through cybersecurity
      review by the CAC, in connection with any offering and listing in an overseas market. If we fail to obtain
      the relevant approval or complete other review or filing procedures for any future offshore offering or
      listing, we may face sanctions by the CSRC or other PRC regulatory authorities, which could include fines
      and penalties on our operations in China, limitations on our operating privileges in China, restrictions on
      or prohibition of the payments or remittance of dividends by our subsidiaries in China, restrictions on or
      delays to our financing transactions offshore, or other actions that could have a material adverse effect
      on our business, financial condition, results of operations, reputation and prospects, as well as the
      trading price of our ADSs.


      For more detailed information, see “Risk Factors – Risks Related to Doing Business in China – Regulatory
      developments in China may subject us to additional regulatory review and disclosure requirements,
      expose us to government influence, or otherwise restrict or completely hinder our ability to offer
      securities and raise capital outside China, which could adversely affect our business operations and
      cause the value of our securities to significantly decline or become worthless.”




118   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                        OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS



Risks and Uncertainties Relating to Doing Business in China
We are a foreign private issuer within the meaning of the rules under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 (the “Exchange Act”), and as such we are exempt from certain provisions of the securities rules and
regulations in the United States that are applicable to U.S. domestic issuers. Moreover, the information
we are required to file with or furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) will be less
extensive and less timely compared to that required to be filed with the SEC by U.S. domestic issuers.
In addition, as a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands, we are permitted to adopt certain home
country practices in relation to corporate governance matters that differ significantly from the NASDAQ
corporate governance standards. These practices may afford less protection to shareholders than they
would enjoy if we complied fully with the NASDAQ corporate governance standards.


We face various legal and operational risks and uncertainties as China is one of our major markets. We
are subject to risks arising from the uncertainty in the interpretation and the enforcement of the PRC
laws and regulations. In addition, rules and regulations in China can change quickly with little advance
notice. In recent years, Chinese regulators have announced regulatory actions targeting certain sectors
of China’s economy, including cracking down on illegal activities in the securities market, enhancing
supervision over China-based companies listed overseas, adopting new measures to extend the scope
of cybersecurity reviews, adopting new laws and regulations related to data security, and expanding the
efforts in anti-monopoly enforcement. Although the lodging industry does not appear to be the focus
of these regulatory actions, we cannot guarantee that the Chinese regulators will not in the future take
regulatory actions that materially adversely affect the business environment and financial markets in
China as they relate to us, our ability to operate our business, our liquidity and our access to capital.
Moreover, recent statements made by the Chinese government have indicated an intent to increase
the government’s oversight and control over offerings of companies with significant operations in the
PRC that are to be conducted in foreign markets, and the PRC regulatory authorities may intervene or
influence our operations at any time, which could result in a material change in our operations or the
value of our ADSs. Any actions by the PRC regulatory authorities to exert more oversight and control over
offerings that are conducted overseas could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or
continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or
be worthless.


Our Holding Company Structure and Operations in China
Holders of our ADSs do not hold equity interest in our operating subsidiaries or the Consolidated
Affiliated Entities, but instead hold equity interest in H World Group Limited, a Cayman Islands holding
company whose consolidated financial results include those of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities under
U.S. GAAP. Our securities that are listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market and the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange are securities of our Cayman Islands holding company, not of our operating subsidiaries or the
VIEs.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   119
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


      H World Group Limited is a Cayman Islands holding company that conducts its business primarily
      through its subsidiaries, a majority of which are based in China and Europe, and for some businesses
      (including internet-based and international travel agency businesses), the direct holding of which is
      restricted by PRC law, through the Consolidated Affiliated Entities. Neither H World Group Limited nor
      its subsidiaries directly own any equity interest in the Consolidated Affiliated Entities. Instead, H World
      Group Limited relies on contractual arrangements among one of its PRC subsidiaries, the Consolidated
      Affiliated Entities and the Consolidated Affiliated Entities’ respective nominee shareholders, which allow
      H World Group Limited, to the extent permitted by PRC law, to:


      (i)     direct the activities of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities that most significantly impact the
              Consolidated Affiliated Entities’ economic performance;


      (ii)    receive substantially all of the economic benefits of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities; and


      (iii)   have an exclusive option to purchase all or part of the equity interests in the Consolidated
              Affiliated Entities.


      As a result of these arrangements, we have control over and are the primary beneficiary of the VIEs
      (composed of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities) for accounting purposes and, therefore, we have
      consolidated the financial results of the VIEs in our consolidated financial statements in accordance
      with U.S. GAAP. Any references to control or benefits that accrue to us because of the VIEs in this annual
      report are limited to, and subject to conditions for consolidation of, the VIEs under U.S. GAAP.


      The contractual arrangements underlying our VIE model, including our arrangements with the
      Consolidated Affiliated Entities, have not been tested in court. However, the Special Administrative
      Measures for Access of Foreign Investment, or the Negative List (2024 Edition) (as issued by the National
      Development and Reform Commission, or the NDRC, and the Ministry of Commerce, or MOFCOM, and
      amended from time to time), and other applicable PRC laws and regulations (including the Regulations
      on Travel Agencies (Revised in 2020)), prohibit direct foreign investment in certain international travel
      agency businesses and restrict direct foreign investment in certain internet-based businesses. Due
      to these regulatory restrictions on direct foreign investment, we conduct relevant operations through
      contractual arrangements with the Consolidated Affiliated Entities, which hold the licenses, permits and
      approvals that are necessary for operating relevant restricted businesses in the PRC.




120   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                        OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


The financial impacts of these VIEs were immaterial to our historical consolidated financial statements.
The VIEs in aggregate contributed an insignificant portion (less than 1%) of our total revenues and total
net profit in each of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2024 and 2025 and the impact of the VIEs to
our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2024 and 2025 were also immaterial (in aggregate
contributing less than 1% of our total assets as of these respective dates). If the PRC regulatory
authorities deem that any of our business operations carried out through the VIEs do not comply with PRC
regulatory restrictions, especially the restrictions on foreign investment in the relevant industries, or if
the relevant regulations or their interpretation change in the future, the PRC regulatory authorities could
disallow this structure, which could result in us being subject to penalties or being forced to relinquish
its interests in the affected operations. Additionally, potential future actions by the PRC regulatory
authorities could affect the legality and enforceability of the contractual arrangements underlying the
VIE model, which, consequently, would affect our ability to consolidate the financial results of the VIEs. If
any of these happens, there would likely be changes in our operations and/or changes in the value of the
securities of the investors. In the worst circumstances, if the contribution from VIEs becomes significant
to our operations and the VIE model does not comply with PRC laws and regulations, such changes could
cause the value of our securities to significantly decline or become worthless. For more information, see
“Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure” below in this annual report.


For our corporate structure as of the date of this annual report, including our significant subsidiaries and
the VIEs, see “Business Overview – Organizational Structure” below in this annual report.




                                                                       H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   121
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS



      RECENT REGULATORY DEVELOPMENTS
      Cyber Security Review and Data Privacy Regulations
      The PRC regulatory authorities have promulgated, among others, the Personal Information Protection
      Law of the PRC, the Data Security Law of the PRC and the Amendment to Cybersecurity Law of the
      PRC to ensure cybersecurity, data and personal information protection. These new laws, as well as
      other proposed regulations, demonstrate that relevant laws and regulations governing these areas
      are developing along with the enforced and constantly tightening of relevant regulatory supervision.
      The State Council of the PRC promulgated the Regulations on the Protection of the Security of Critical
      Information Infrastructure on July 30, 2021, which took effect on September 1, 2021. This regulation
      requires, among other things, that certain competent authorities identify and protect critical information
      infrastructures. The CAC and a number of other departments under the State Council promulgated the
      Cybersecurity Review Measures on December 28, 2021, which became effective on February 15, 2022.
      According to this regulation, critical information infrastructure operators purchasing network products
      and services and network platform operators carrying out data processing activities, which affect or may
      affect national security, are required to conduct cybersecurity review. On July 7, 2022, the CAC issued
      the Security Assessment Measures, which became effective on September 1, 2022 and require a data
      processor to apply to the CAC for a data export security assessment under certain circumstances. On
      February 22, 2023, the CAC issued the Measures for the Standard Contract for Outbound Transfer of
      Personal Information, which requires a data processor to enter into standard contracts under certain
      circumstances. On March 22, 2024, the CAC issued the Cross-Border Data Flows Provisions, which
      further regulates that the responsibility to apply for data export security assessments, submit standard
      contract, or obtain compliance certifications can be exempted under certain circumstances. See “–
      Permits and Permission Required from the PRC Authorities for Our Operations” above in this annual
      report for more information.


      On September 1, 2021, the Data Security Law of the PRC became effective, which imposes data security
      and privacy obligations on entities and individuals conducting data-related activities, and introduces
      a data classification and hierarchical protection system. In addition, the Standing Committee of the
      NPC promulgated the Personal Information Protection Law of the PRC (the “PIPL”) on August 20, 2021,
      and this law took effect on November 1, 2021. The PIPL further emphasizes processors’ obligations
      and responsibilities for personal information protection and sets out the basic rules for processing
      personal information and the rules for cross-border provision of personal information. On September
      24, 2024, the State Council formally issued the Cyber Data Security Regulations, which became effective
      on January 1, 2025, stipulating that where network data handlers carry out network data processing
      activities that affect or may affect national security, they should undergo a national security review in
      accordance with relevant national regulations. The Cyber Data Security Regulations optimize regulations
      for cross-border data security management, specifying conditions under which network data processors
      may provide personal information abroad in accordance with international treaties or agreements. The
      regulations clarify that data not identified or publicly disclosed as important data by relevant regions or
      departments need not undergo cross-border security assessments for important data. Further, the Cyber
      Data Security Regulations set forth network data security protection requirements for network platform
      service providers, third-party product and service providers, and other relevant entities. On October 28,
      2025, the Standing Committee of the NPC adopted amendments to the Cybersecurity Law, which took




122   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                        OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


effect on January 1, 2026. The revisions align the legal liability for personal information processing with
the PIPL and other applicable laws, ensuring that breaches of personal data are subject to a cohesive
legal framework. Furthermore, the amendments introduce a tiered penalty system: for violations with
particularly serious consequences, companies may face fines of up to RMB10 million, and responsible
individuals may face fines of up to RMB1 million. The amendments also expand the extraterritorial
application of the Cybersecurity Law to cover overseas activities that endanger China’s cybersecurity.
These developments indicate a continued regulatory focus on data protection and could impact our
compliance costs and operational procedures, particularly concerning customer data handling and the
potential designation of core business systems as critical information infrastructure. On September
11, 2025, the Cyberspace Administration of China promulgated the Measures for the Administration
of National Cybersecurity Incident Reporting, which took effect on November 1, 2025. These measures
require that network operators engaged in network construction, operation, or network-based service
provision within the territory of the People’s Republic of China shall report cybersecurity incidents
in accordance with the provisions thereof once such incidents occur. In particular, for cybersecurity
incidents at or above the “relatively significant level”, network operators shall promptly report to the local
provincial-level cyberspace administration department, and in any event, such reporting shall not be
delayed for more than four hours.


There are uncertainties as to the interpretation and application of these cybersecurity and data
privacy laws, regulations and standards, and they may be interpreted and applied in a manner that
is inconsistent with our current policies and practices or require changes to the features of our data
systems. If the CAC or other regulatory agencies later deem us to be a CIIO and require that we obtain
their approvals for our future offshore offerings, we may be unable to obtain such approvals in a timely
manner, or at all, and such approvals may be rescinded even if obtained. Any such circumstance
could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to continue to offer securities to investors and
cause the value of our securities to significantly decline or be worthless. In addition, implementation
of industry-wide regulations affecting our business operations could limit our ability to attract new
customers and/or users and cause the value of our securities to significantly decline. Therefore, investors
of our company and our business face potential uncertainties from actions taken by the PRC regulatory
authorities affecting our business.


Potential CSRC Filings on Overseas Listing
On February 17, 2023, the CSRC promulgated the Trial Measures and relevant notes and Supporting
Guidelines, which came into effect on March 31, 2023. The Trial Measures seek to regulate all types
of overseas offerings and listings by PRC based companies, including: (a) direct overseas listings, i.e.
overseas listings by joint-stock companies which are established in PRC (such as H shares, N shares,
GDRs); and (b) indirect overseas listings, i.e. overseas listings by PRC based companies in the names of
an overseas entity (such as red-chip listings), if such issuers meets both of the following conditions: (i)
more than 50% of its audited financial indicators (either operating revenue, profits, total assets or net
assets) for the most recent accounting year is accounted for by its PRC-based companies, and (ii) major
business activities or operations are conducted within the territory of PRC; main places of business are
located within the territory of the PRC; or the majority of senior management staff domicile in the PRC or
are Chinese citizens.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   123
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


      The Trial Measures does not only govern initial public offerings (the “IPOs”), but also governs spin-off
      listings, single or multiple acquisitions of domestic assets, share swaps or transfer of shares, reverse
      takeovers, SPAC listings, subsequent issuances of securities, secondary listings or dual listing, etc. In
      addition to offering and listing of shares, offering and listing of depository receipts, corporate bonds
      convertible to shares, and other equity securities by PRC-based companies shall also be subject to the
      filing requirements under the Trial Measures.


      The Trial Measures and Supporting Guidelines require PRC-based companies that seek overseas
      offerings and listings to fulfill the filing procedures with and report relevant information to the CSRC,
      specifically: (a) for an IPO, the filing with CSRC shall be conducted within three (3) working days
      following the submission of the application; (b) for a subsequent issuance of securities, the filing shall
      be conducted within three (3) working days following the completion of the offering; (c) for the listings in
      other stock markets (e.g. secondary listings or dual listings), the same filing timeline applied to an IPO
      shall apply; (d) for the listing of assets via multiple acquisitions, share swaps, transfers of shares (e.g.
      reverse takeover), the same filing timeline applied to an IPO shall apply; (e) for the unlisted shares of
      PRC Companies applying for conversion to listed shares trading on overseas market, the filings shall be
      conducted pursuant to the other regulations.


      Furthermore, an overseas offering and listing would be prohibited under the following circumstances: (a)
      it is explicitly prohibited under applicable laws and administrative regulations; (b) there exists national
      security concerns as reviewed and determined by competent authorities under the State Council; (c) a
      crime has been committed by the issuer’s PRC-based company, its controlling shareholder(s) or actual
      shareholder(s) in the last three (3) years (e.g. corruption, bribery, embezzlement, misappropriation of
      property or undermining the market economy orders); (d) the issuer’s PRC-based company is under
      investigations for criminal acts or major violations of applicable laws and regulations, and no conclusion
      of the investigation has yet been made; and (e) there exists material ownership disputes over equity
      interests held by controlling shareholders (or by shareholders who are controlled by the controlling
      shareholder or actual controllers). If there exists any of the aforementioned circumstances, the overseas
      offerings and listings shall be postponed or even terminated.


      Specifically, if an issuer adopts a VIE structure for the purpose of overseas offering and listing, it shall
      disclose relevant contractual arrangements to the CSRC through fillings. The Supporting Guidance
      also provides that PRC counsel needs to verify the following issues, including (i) the participation of
      foreign investors in the issuer management operation, for example, the appointment of directors; (ii)
      whether there exist situations where PRC laws and administrative regulations expressly prohibit the
      use of contractual arrangements to retain business licenses and qualifications, etc.; (iii) whether there
      exist situations where the PRC operating entity of the issuer falls under the scope of foreign investment
      security review, or within the restricted or prohibited sectors of foreign investment.


      Despite the foregoing, pursuant to the Trial Measures Circular, companies that have already offered
      shares or been listed overseas prior to the implementation of the Trial Measures will be considered
      as “Stock Enterprises”. Stock Enterprises are not required to apply for filings until a subsequent re-
      financing event occurs.




124   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                         OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


As our company is considered as a Stock Enterprise, our PRC subsidiaries and the VIEs are not subject to
the immediate filing requirements under the Trial Measures. However, in the events of any re-financing
in the future, such as subsequent share issuance, our company will be subject to the relevant filing
requirements pursuant to the Trial Measures.


On February 24, 2023, the CSRC, the Ministry of Finance, the National Administration of State Secrets
Protection and the National Archives Administration jointly issued the Provisions on Strengthening
Confidentiality and Archives Administration of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic
Companies (the “Confidentiality and Archives Provisions”), which became effective from March 31, 2023.
The Confidentiality and Archives Provisions specify that during the overseas issuance of securities and
listing activities of domestic enterprises, domestic enterprises and securities companies and securities
service institutions that provide relevant securities services shall, by strictly abiding by the relevant
laws and regulations of the PRC and the requirements therein, establish sound confidentiality and
archives management systems, take necessary measures to implement confidentiality and archives
management responsibilities, and shall not leak national secrets, work secrets of governmental agencies
and undermine national and public interests. Work manuscripts generated in the PRC by securities
companies and securities service institutions that provide relevant securities services for overseas
issuance and listing of securities by domestic enterprises shall be kept in the PRC. Without the approval
of relevant competent authorities, it shall not be transferred overseas. Where archives or copies need
to be transferred outside of the PRC, it shall be subject to the approval procedures in accordance with
relevant PRC regulations. The Confidentiality and Archives Provisions further require that (a) a domestic
enterprise that plans to, either directly or indirectly through its overseas listed entity, publicly disclose
or provide to relevant individuals or entities including securities companies, securities service providers
and overseas regulators, any documents and materials that contain state secrets or working secrets of
government agencies, shall first obtain approval from competent authorities according to law, and file
with the secrecy administrative department at the same level; and (b) a domestic enterprise that plans
to, either directly or indirectly through its overseas listed entity, publicly disclose or provide to relevant
individuals and entities including securities companies, securities service providers and overseas
regulators, any other documents and materials that, if leaked, will be detrimental to national security or
public interest, shall strictly fulfill relevant procedures stipulated by applicable national regulations.


As of the date of this annual report, we have not received any inquiry, notice, warning, sanctions or
regulatory objection from the CSRC or the CAC. Because these regulatory actions are relatively new,
it is uncertain how soon legislative or regulatory bodies will respond and what existing or new laws or
regulations or detailed implementations and interpretations will be modified or promulgated, if any, or
the potential impact such modified or new laws and regulations will have on our daily business operation,
our ability to accept foreign investments and listing on a U.S. or other overseas exchanges. PRC laws
and their interpretations and enforcement continue to develop and are subject to change, and the PRC
regulators may adopt other rules and restrictions in the future. See “Risk Factors – Risks Related to
Doing Business in China” below for more details.




                                                                        H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   125
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS



      THE HOLDING FOREIGN COMPANIES ACCOUNTABLE ACT
      Our financial statements contained in this annual report have been audited by Deloitte Touche
      Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm that is
      headquartered in Shanghai, China with offices in other cities in China. It is a firm registered with the U.S.
      Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, or PCAOB, and is required by the laws of the U.S. to undergo
      regular inspections by the PCAOB to assess its compliance with the laws of the U.S. and professional
      standards. According to Article 177 of the PRC Securities Law, which became effective in March
      2020, the securities regulatory authority of the State Council may establish a regulatory cooperation
      mechanism with the securities regulatory authorities of another country or region to implement cross-
      border supervision and administration, or the Regulatory Cooperation Mechanism; no overseas securities
      regulator is allowed to directly conduct investigation or evidence collection activities within the territory
      of the PRC. Accordingly, without a Regulatory Cooperation Mechanism or the consent of the competent
      PRC securities regulators and relevant authorities, no organization or individual may provide the
      documents and materials relating to securities business activities to overseas parties.


      The United States adopted the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act on December 18, 2020,
      and it was amended by the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023 in December 2022 (the amended act
      hereinafter referred to as the “HFCA Act”). The HFCA Act states if the SEC determines that a company
      has filed audit reports issued by a registered public accounting firm that has not been subject to
      inspection by the PCAOB for two consecutive years, the SEC shall prohibit such securities from being
      traded on a national securities exchange or in the over the counter trading market in the U.S. Pursuant
      to amendments made to the HFCA Act in 2022, the PCAOB may determine that it is unable to inspect
      or investigate completely registered public accounting firms in any foreign jurisdictions because of
      positions taken by any foreign authority, rather than an authority in the location in which the firms
      are headquartered or in which they have a branch or office, as was the case under the original version
      of the Act. The SEC has adopted rules to implement the HFCA Act and, pursuant to the HFCA Act, the
      PCAOB issued a report notifying the SEC of its determinations on December 16, 2021 that it was unable
      to inspect or investigation completely accounting firms headquartered in mainland China or Hong
      Kong, including our auditor Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP. We were also
      conclusively identified as a “Commission-Identified Issuer” under the HFCA Act on May 26, 2022 in
      respect of our Annual Report for 2021 on Form 20-F filed on April 27, 2022.


      On August 26, 2022, the PCAOB signed a Statement of Protocol with the CSRC and the Ministry of
      Finance of the PRC, taking a first step toward opening access for the PCAOB to inspect and investigate
      registered public accounting firms headquartered in Mainland China and Hong Kong. On December 15,
      2022, the PCAOB announced its determination that it has been able to inspect and investigate audit
      firms in mainland China and Hong Kong completely for purposes of the HFCA Act, and the PCAOB vacated
      its December 16, 2021 determinations. As a result of this announcement, we were not for the fiscal
      year of 2023 or 2024, and do not expect to be for the fiscal year of 2025 a Commission-Identified Issuer
      in respect of our annual report on Form 20-F. However, the PCAOB stated that should PRC authorities
      obstruct the PCAOB’s ability to inspect or investigate completely in any way and at any point in the future,
      the PCAOB Board will act immediately to consider the need to issue new determinations consistent with
      the HFCA Act. While we currently do not expect the HFCA Act to prevent us from maintaining the trading
      of our ADSs in the U.S., uncertainties exist with respect to future determinations of the PCAOB in this
      respect and any further legislative or regulatory actions to be taken by the U.S. or Chinese regulatory
      authorities that could affect our listing status in the U.S.




126   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                           OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


The delisting of our ADSs, or the threat of their being delisted, may materially and adversely affect the
value of your investment. See “Risk Factors – Risks Related to Doing Business in China – If the PCAOB
is unable to inspect our auditors as required under the HFCA Act, the SEC will prohibit the trading of our
ADSs, which may materially and adversely affect the value of your investment” in this annual report for
more details.


DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OTHER THAN EQUITY
SECURITIES
AMERICAN DEPOSITARY SHARES
Fees and Expenses
ADS holders will be required to pay the following fees under the terms of the deposit agreement:


Service                                                    Fees

Issuance of ADSs                                           Up to US$0.05 per ADS issued


Cancelation of ADSs                                        Up to US$0.05 per ADS canceled


Distribution of cash dividends or other cash               Up to US$0.05 per ADS held
    distributions (e.g., sale of rights and other
    entitlements)


Distribution of ADSs pursuant to stock dividends,          Up to US$0.05 per ADS held
    other free stock distributions or exercise of rights
    to purchase additional ADSs


Distribution of securities other than ADSs or rights Up to US$0.05 per ADS held
    to purchase additional ADSs


Depositary services                                        Up to US$0.05 per ADS held on the applicable record
                                                             date(s) established by the depositary

As an ADS holder, you will also be responsible to pay certain charges such as:


•       fees for the transfer and registration of ordinary shares charged by the registrar and transfer
        agent for the ordinary shares in the Cayman Islands (i.e., upon deposit and withdrawal of ordinary
        shares);


•       expenses incurred for converting foreign currency into U.S. dollars;


•       expenses for cable, telex and fax transmissions and for delivery of securities;


•       taxes (including applicable interest and penalties) and other governmental charges;



                                                                         H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   127
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


      •      fees and expenses incurred by the depositary in connection with compliance with exchange
             control regulations and other applicable regulatory requirements; and


      •      fees and expenses incurred in connection with the delivery or servicing of ordinary shares on
             deposit.


      Depositary fees payable upon the issuance and cancellation of ADSs are typically paid to the depositary
      by the brokers (on behalf of their clients) receiving the newly issued ADSs from the depositary and by the
      brokers (on behalf of their clients) delivering the ADSs to the depositary for cancellation. The brokers in
      turn charge these fees to their clients. Depositary fees payable in connection with distributions of cash
      or securities to ADS holders and the depositary services fee are charged by the depositary to the holders
      of record of ADSs as of the applicable ADS record date.


      The depositary fees payable for cash distributions are generally deducted from the cash being
      distributed. In the case of distributions other than cash (i.e., stock dividend, rights), the depositary
      charges the applicable fee to the ADS record date holders concurrent with the distribution. In the case of
      ADSs registered in the name of the investor (whether certificated or uncertificated in direct registration),
      the depositary sends invoices to the applicable record date ADS holders. In the case of ADSs held in
      brokerage and custodian accounts (via The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”)), the depositary generally
      collects its fees through the systems provided by DTC (whose nominee is the registered holder of the
      ADSs held in DTC) from the brokers and custodians holding ADSs in their DTC accounts. The brokers
      and custodians who hold their clients’ ADSs in DTC accounts in turn charge their clients’ accounts the
      amount of the fees paid to the depositary.


      In the event of refusal to pay the depositary fees, the depositary may, under the terms of the deposit
      agreement, refuse the requested service until payment is received or may set off the amount of the
      depositary fees from any distribution to be made to the ADS holder.


      Note that the fees and charges you may be required to pay may vary over time and may be changed by us
      and by the depositary. You will receive prior notice of such changes.


      Fees and Other Payments Made by the Depositary to Us
      The depositary may reimburse us for certain expenses incurred by us in respect of the ADR program
      established pursuant to the deposit agreement, by making available a portion of the depositary fees
      charged in respect of the ADR program or otherwise, upon such terms and conditions as we and the
      depositary may agree from time to time. For the year ended December 31, 2025, we have received a total
      of RMB54 million (US$8 million) from the depositary as reimbursement for our expenses incurred in
      connection with investor relationship programs related to the ADS program.


      Dealings and Settlement of Ordinary Shares in Hong Kong
      Our ordinary shares trade on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in board lots of 100 shares. Dealings in our
      ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange are conducted in Hong Kong dollars.


      The transaction costs of dealings in our ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange include:




128   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                       OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


•     Hong Kong Stock Exchange trading fee of 0.00565% of the consideration of the transaction,
      charged to each of the buyer and seller;


•     the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong, or the SFC, transaction levy of 0.0027% of
      the consideration of the transaction, charged to each of the buyer and seller;


•     Accounting and Financial Reporting Council of Hong Kong, or the AFRC, transaction levy of
      0.00015% of the consideration of the transaction, charged to each of the buyer and seller;


•     transfer deed stamp duty of HK$5.00 per transfer deed (if applicable), payable by the seller;


•     ad valorem stamp duty at a total rate of 0.2% of the value of the transaction, with 0.1% payable by
      each of the buyer and the seller;


•     stock settlement fee, which is currently 0.002% of the gross transaction value, subject to a
      minimum fee of HK$2.00 and a maximum fee of HK$100.00 per side per trade;


•     brokerage commission, which is freely negotiable with the broker (other than brokerage
      commissions for certain public offering transactions, which are currently set at 1% of the
      subscription or purchase price and will be payable by the person subscribing for or purchasing the
      securities); and


•     the Hong Kong share registrar will charge between HK$2.50 to HK$20.00, depending on the speed
      of service (or such higher fee as may from time to time be permitted under the Hong Kong Listing
      Rules), for each transfer of ordinary shares from one registered owner to another, each share
      certificate canceled or issued by it and any applicable fee as stated in the share transfer forms
      used in Hong Kong.


Investors must settle their trades executed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange through their brokers
directly or through custodians. For an investor who has deposited his or her ordinary shares in his
or her stock account or in his or her designated Central Clearing and Settlement System, or CCASS,
participant’s stock account maintained with CCASS, settlement will be effected in CCASS in accordance
with the General Rules of HKSCC and HKSCC Operational Procedures in effect from time to time. For an
investor who holds the physical certificates, settlement certificates and the duly executed transfer forms
must be delivered to his or her broker or custodian before the settlement date.


CONVERSION BETWEEN ORDINARY SHARES TRADING IN HONG KONG AND
ADSS
In connection with the initial public offering of our shares in Hong Kong, we established a branch register
of members in Hong Kong, or the Hong Kong share register, which is maintained by our Hong Kong share
registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited. Our principal register of members, or
the Cayman share register, will continue to be maintained by our principal share registrar, Conyers Trust
Company (Cayman) Limited.




                                                                    H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   129
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


      As described in further detail below, holders of ordinary shares registered on the Hong Kong share
      register will be able to convert these ordinary shares into ADSs, and vice versa.


      CONVERTING ORDINARY SHARES TRADING IN HONG KONG INTO ADSs
      An investor who holds ordinary shares registered in Hong Kong and who intends to convert them to
      ADSs to trade on NASDAQ must deposit or have his or her broker deposit the ordinary shares with the
      depositary’s Hong Kong custodian, Citibank, N.A., Hong Kong, or the custodian, in exchange for ADSs.


      A deposit of ordinary shares trading in Hong Kong in exchange for ADSs involves the following
      procedures:


      •      If ordinary shares have been deposited with CCASS, the investor must transfer ordinary shares to
             the depositary’s account with the custodian within CCASS by following the CCASS procedures for
             transfer and submit and deliver a duly completed and signed conversion form to the depositary via
             his or her broker.


      •      If ordinary shares are held outside CCASS, the investor must arrange to deposit, his or her shares
             into CCASS for delivery to the depositary’s account with the custodian within CCASS, submit and
             deliver a request for conversion form to the custodian and after duly completing and signing such
             conversion form, deliver such conversion form to the custodian.


      •      Upon payment of its fees and expenses and of any taxes or charges, such as stamp taxes or stock
             transfer taxes or fees, if applicable, the depositary will issue the corresponding number of ADSs in
             the name(s) requested by an investor and will deliver the ADSs to the designated DTC account of
             the person(s) designated.


      For ordinary shares deposited in CCASS, under normal circumstances, the above steps generally require
      two business days. For ordinary shares held outside CCASS in physical form, the above steps may take
      14 business days, or more, to complete. Temporary delays may arise. For example, the transfer books of
      the depositary may from time to time be closed to ADS issuances. The investor will be unable to trade the
      ADSs until the procedures are completed.


      CONVERTING ADSS TO ORDINARY SHARES TRADING IN HONG KONG
      An investor who holds ADSs and who intends to convert his/her ADSs into ordinary shares to trade on the
      Hong Kong Stock Exchange must cancel the ADSs the investor holds and withdraw ordinary shares from
      our ADS program and cause his or her broker or other financial institution to trade such ordinary shares
      on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


      An investor that holds ADSs indirectly through a broker should follow the broker’s procedure and instruct
      the broker to arrange for cancelation of the ADSs, and transfer of the underlying ordinary shares from
      the depositary’s account with the custodian within the CCASS system to the investor’s Hong Kong stock
      account.




130   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                       OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


For investors holding ADSs directly, the following steps must be taken:


•     To withdraw ordinary shares from our ADS program, an investor who holds ADSs may turn in such
      ADSs at the office of the depositary (and the applicable ADR(s) if the ADSs are held in certificated
      form), and send an instruction to cancel such ADSs to the depositary.


•     Upon payment or net of its fees and expenses and of any taxes or charges, such as stamp taxes
      or stock transfer taxes or fees, if applicable, the depositary will cancel the ADSs and instruct
      the custodian to deliver ordinary shares underlying the canceled ADSs to the CCASS account
      designated by an investor.


•     If an investor prefers to receive ordinary shares outside CCASS, he or she must receive ordinary
      shares in CCASS first and then arrange for withdrawal from CCASS. Investors can then obtain a
      transfer form signed by HKSCC Nominees Limited (as the transferor) and register ordinary shares
      in their own names with the Hong Kong share registrar.


For ordinary shares to be received in CCASS, under normal circumstances, the above steps generally
require two business days. For ordinary shares to be received outside CCASS in physical form, the above
steps may take 14 business days, or more, to complete. The investor will be unable to trade the ordinary
shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange until the procedures are completed.


Temporary delays may arise. For example, the transfer books of the depositary may from time to time
be closed to ADS cancellations. In addition, completion of the above steps and procedures is subject
to there being a sufficient number of ordinary shares on the Hong Kong share register to facilitate a
withdrawal from the ADS program directly into the CCASS system. We are not under any obligation to
maintain or increase the number of ordinary shares on the Hong Kong share register to facilitate such
withdrawals.


DEPOSITARY REQUIREMENTS
Before the depositary issues ADSs or permits withdrawal of ordinary shares, the depositary may require:


•     production of satisfactory proof of the identity and genuineness of any signature or other
      information it deems necessary; and


•     compliance with procedures it may establish, from time to time, consistent with the deposit
      agreement, including but not limited to presentation of transfer documents.


The depositary may refuse to deliver, transfer or register issuances, transfers and cancelations of ADSs
generally when the transfer books of the depositary or our Hong Kong share registrar are closed or at any
time if the depositary or we determine it advisable to do so.




                                                                    H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   131
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


      All costs attributable to the transfer of ordinary shares to effect a withdrawal from or deposit of ordinary
      shares into our ADS program will be borne by the investor requesting the transfer. In particular, holders
      of ordinary shares and ADSs should note that the Hong Kong share registrar will charge between
      HK$2.50 to HK$20, depending on the speed of service (or such higher fee as may from time to time be
      permitted under the Hong Kong Listing Rules), for each transfer of ordinary shares from one registered
      owner to another, each share certificate canceled or issued by it and any applicable fee as stated in the
      share transfer forms used in Hong Kong. In addition, holders of ordinary shares and ADSs must pay up
      to US$5.00 per 100 ADSs for each issuance of ADSs and each cancelation of ADSs, as the case may be,
      in connection with the deposit of ordinary shares into, or withdrawal of ordinary shares from, our ADS
      program.


      DIVIDEND POLICY
      On November 29, 2023, we declared a cash dividend of US$0.093 per ordinary share, or US$0.93 per ADS.
      The cash dividend was comprised of two tranches, including (i) an ordinary dividend of US$0.062 per
      ordinary share, or US$0.62 per ADS and (ii) a special dividend of US$0.031 per ordinary share, or US$0.31
      per ADS. Cash dividends are paid in U.S. dollars, and the total amount of cash distributed for the dividend
      was approximately US$300 million.


      On July 23, 2024, we declared a cash dividend of US$0.063 per ordinary share, or US$0.63 per ADS.
      Cash dividends are paid in U.S. dollars, and the total amount of cash distributed for the dividend was
      approximately US$200 million.


      On March 20, 2025, we declared a cash dividend of US$0.097 per ordinary share, or US$0.97 per ADS.
      Cash dividends are paid in U.S. dollars, and the total amount of cash distributed for the dividend was
      approximately US$300 million.


      On August 20, 2025, we declared a cash dividend of US$0.081 per ordinary share, or US$0.81 per ADS.
      Cash dividends are paid in U.S. dollars, and the total amount of cash distributed for the dividend was
      approximately US$250 million.


      On March 18, 2026, we declared a cash dividend for the second half of 2025 of US$0.13 per ordinary
      share, or US$1.30 per ADS. Cash dividends will be paid in U.S. dollars, and the total amount of cash
      distributed for the dividend is approximately US$400 million.


      We are a holding company with no material operations of our own. We conduct our operations primarily
      through our subsidiaries in China and Europe. As a result, our ability to pay dividends and to finance any
      debt we may incur depends upon dividends paid to us by our subsidiaries. If our subsidiaries or any newly
      formed subsidiaries incur debt on their own behalf in the future, the instruments governing their debt
      may restrict their ability to pay dividends to us.




132   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                        OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


Our PRC subsidiaries are permitted to pay dividends to us only out of their retained earnings, if any, as
determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. Pursuant to laws applicable
to entities incorporated in the PRC, our subsidiaries in the PRC must make appropriations from after-
tax profit to non-distributable reserve funds. In particular, subject to certain cumulative limits, the
statutory reserve fund requires an annual appropriation of 10% of after-tax profit (as determined under
accounting principles generally accepted in the PRC at each year-end) until the accumulative amount of
such reserve fund reaches 50% of a PRC subsidiary’s registered capital. These reserve funds can only be
used for such specific purposes as provided in PRC laws and are not distributable as cash dividends.


For our German subsidiaries, the distributable profit is calculated based on the respective subsidiary’s
annual unconsolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with the German accounting
principles, namely, the general accounting principles stated in the German Commercial Code
(Handelsgesetzbuch ). Distributions of dividends on shares of stock corporations (Aktiengesellschaften )
for a given financial year are generally determined by a process in which the management board
(Vorstand ) and supervisory board (Aufsichtsrat ) submit a proposal to the annual general shareholders’
meeting (Hauptversammlung ) held in the subsequent financial year and such annual general
shareholders’ meeting (Hauptversammlung ) adopts a resolution. German law provides that a resolution
concerning dividends and distribution thereof may be adopted only on the basis of a balance sheet profit
(Bilanzgewinn) shown in the company’s adopted annual single entity financial statements (festgestellter
Jahresabschluss). If the management board and supervisory board adopt the financial statements,
they can (but are not obliged to) allocate an amount of up to half of the company’s net income for the
year to other surplus reserves. Additions to the legal reserves and loss carryforwards must be deducted
in advance when calculating the amount of net income for the year to be allocated to other surplus
reserves. Dividends on shares resolved by the general shareholders’ meeting (Hauptversammlung ) are
paid annually, generally three days after the annual shareholders’ meeting (Hauptversammlung ). The
German subsidiaries are mainly integrated into Steigenberger Hotels AG through control and profit
and loss transfer agreements (Beherrschungs – und Gewinnabführungsverträge ) in such a way that its
annual profits or losses are automatically transferred to Steigenberger Hotels AG and integrated into its
financial statements. Steigenberger Hotels AG is prohibited from conducting dividend distribution during
the 60-month term of a credit facility with KFW it obtained in July 2020.


Steigenberger Hotels AG has changed its legal form on 8 November 2022 into a limited liability
company (Steigenberger Hotels GmbH). Consequently, the distribution of profits follows the Law on
Limited Liability Companies (Gesetz betreffend die Gesellschaften mit beschränkter Haftung ). The
distributable profit is calculated based on the respective subsidiary’s annual unconsolidated single
entity financial statements prepared in accordance with the German accounting principles, namely,
the general accounting principles stated in the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch ).
Distributions of dividends on shares of limited liability companies (GmbH) for a given financial
year are generally determined by a process in which the management board (Geschäftsführung )
presents the single entity financial statements to the supervisory board (Aufsichtsrat ) for review. The
supervisory board submits a proposal regarding the approval of the financial statements and another
proposal regarding the distribution of a possible profit to the annual general shareholders’ meeting
(Gesellschafterversammlung ) held in the subsequent financial year. Such annual general shareholders’
meeting passes a resolution regarding the confirmation of the single entity financial statements and
passes another resolution on the distribution of profits.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   133
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


      For our Singapore subsidiary, pursuant to the Companies Act 1967 of Singapore, dividends are only
      payable out of profits. Typically, the directors will recommend a particular rate of dividend and the
      company in general meeting will declare the dividend subject to the maximum recommended by the
      directors.


      We may declare and distribute an ordinary dividend semi-annually, the aggregate amount of which for
      each financial year shall be no less than 60% of the Company’s net income in such financial year. We
      may also declare and distribute, from time to time, special dividends. If we pay any dividends, we will
      pay our ADS holders to the same extent as holders of our ordinary shares, subject to the terms of the
      deposit agreement, including the fees and expenses payable thereunder. Subject to certain contractual
      restrictions, our board of directors has sole discretion in deciding whether to distribute dividends and the
      dividend amounts within the approved range.


      PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES BY THE ISSUER AND
      AFFILIATED PURCHASERS

      We announced a share repurchase program approved by our board of directors on August 21, 2019.
      Under the terms of the approved program, we may repurchase up to US$750 million worth of our issued
      and outstanding ADSs in open market at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated transaction,
      depending on market conditions and other factors, as well as in accordance with restrictions relating
      to volume, price and timing. This share repurchase plan ended on August 20, 2024. We repurchased
      3,458,597 and 6,876,340 ADSs in 2023 and 2024 under this program, respectively.


      We announced a share repurchase program approved by our board of directors on July 23, 2024, which
      replaced the previous share repurchase program approved and adopted on August 21, 2019 with an
      aggregate amount of up to US$750 million. Under the terms of the approved program, effective from
      August 21, 2024, we may repurchase up to US$1,000 million worth of our issued and outstanding ADSs
      through open market transactions at prevailing market prices or in privately negotiated transactions
      from time to time as market conditions warrant and in compliance with applicable requirements of Rule
      10b5-1 and Rule 10b-18 under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, at times and
      in such amounts as our company deems appropriate. This share repurchase plan will be effective for
      five years. Our board of directors review the share repurchase program periodically, and may authorize
      adjustment of its terms and size or suspend or discontinue the program. We repurchased 1,503,206 and
      3,201,703 ADSs in 2024 and 2025 under this program, respectively.


      The following table sets forth information about our purchases of outstanding ADSs in 2025.




134   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                       OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS



                                                                                          (d) Approximate
                                                                             (c) Total     Dollar Value of
                                                                    Number of ADSs         ADSs that May
                                                                           Purchased     Yet be Purchased
                                      (a) Total      (b) Average            as Part of    Under the Plans
                                       Number         Price Paid             Publicly         or Programs
                                       of ADSs         per ADSs           Announced                      (in
Period                              Purchased              (US$) Plans or Programs            US$ million)

January 2025                         1,874,950             32.00            1,874,950                    896
February 2025                                 –                –                    –                    896
March 2025                                    –                –                    –                    896
April 2025                              54,035             32.96               54,035                    894
May 2025                                      –                –                    –                    894
June 2025                                     –                –                    –                    894
July 2025                                     –                –                    –                    894
August 2025                                   –                –                    –                    894
September 2025                          11,054             36.60               11,054                    894
October 2025                         1,261,664             37.72            1,261,664                    846
November 2025                                 –                –                    –                    846
December 2025                                 –                –                    –                    846


TAXATION
The following summary of the material Cayman Islands, Hong Kong, People’s Republic of China, Germany
and United States federal income tax consequences of an investment in our ADSs or ordinary shares is
based upon laws and relevant interpretations thereof in effect as of the date of this annual report, all of
which are subject to change. This summary does not deal with all possible tax consequences relating to
an investment in our ADSs or ordinary shares, such as the tax consequences under state, local and other
tax laws.


CAYMAN ISLANDS TAXATION
The Cayman Islands currently levy no taxes on individuals or corporations based upon profits, income,
gains or appreciations and there is no taxation in the nature of inheritance tax or estate duty. There
are no other taxes likely to be material to us or holders of our ADSs or ordinary shares levied by the
government of the Cayman Islands except for stamp duties which may be applicable on instruments
executed in, or after execution brought within the jurisdiction of, the Cayman Islands. The Cayman
Islands are a party to a double tax treaty entered into with the United Kingdom in 2010 but otherwise are
not a party to any double tax treaties. There are no exchange control regulations or currency restrictions
in the Cayman Islands.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   135
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


      Under existing Cayman Islands laws, payments of dividends and capital in respect of our ADSs and
      ordinary shares will not be subject to taxation in the Cayman Islands and no withholding will be required
      on the payment of a dividend or capital to any holder of our ADSs or ordinary shares, as the case may
      be, nor will gains derived from the disposal of our ADSs or ordinary shares be subject to Cayman Islands
      income or corporation tax.


      HONG KONG TAXATION
      Taxation on us
      Hong Kong profits tax is chargeable on every person carrying on a trade, profession or business in
      Hong Kong in respect of all profits arising in or derived from Hong Kong from such trade, profession or
      business (excluding profits arising from the sale of capital assets).


      Our Hong Kong subsidiaries are subject to Hong Kong profits tax at a maximum rate of 16.5% of their
      respective estimated assessable profits determined under relevant Hong Kong tax regulations. No Hong
      Kong profits tax has been provided as our Hong Kong subsidiaries have no estimated assessable profits
      during the years presented.


      Taxation on our shareholders
      Gains arising from the sale of ADSs, where the purchases and sales of ADSs are effected outside of Hong
      Kong, should not be subject to Hong Kong profits tax.


      According to the current tax practice of the Hong Kong Inland Revenue Department, dividends paid by us
      on ADSs would not be subject to any Hong Kong tax, even if received by investors in Hong Kong.


      To the best of our knowledge, Hong Kong stamp duty has not been levied in practice on the trading or
      conversion of ADSs of companies that are listed in both the United States and Hong Kong and that have
      maintained all or a portion of their shares, including shares underlying ADSs, in their Hong Kong share
      registers. However, it is unclear whether, as a matter of Hong Kong law, the trading or conversion of ADSs
      of these dual-listed companies constitutes a sale or purchase of the underlying Hong Kong-registered
      ordinary shares that is subject to Hong Kong stamp duty.


      In connection with the initial public offering of our ordinary shares in Hong Kong, we established a branch
      register of members in Hong Kong, or the Hong Kong share register. Dealings in our ordinary shares
      registered on our Hong Kong share register will be subject to Hong Kong stamp duty. The stamp duty is
      charged to each of the seller and purchaser at the ad valorem rate of 0.1% of the consideration for, or (if
      greater) the value of, our ordinary shares transferred. In other words, a total of 0.2% is currently payable
      on a typical sale and purchase transaction of our ordinary shares. In addition, a fixed duty of HK$5.00 is
      charged on each instrument of transfer (if required).




136   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                         OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


To facilitate ADS-ordinary share conversion and trading between NASDAQ and the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange, we also moved a portion of our issued ordinary shares from our register of members
maintained in the Cayman Islands to our Hong Kong share register. It is unclear whether, as a matter of
Hong Kong law, the trading or conversion of ADSs constitutes a sale or purchase of the underlying Hong
Kong-registered ordinary shares that is subject to Hong Kong stamp duty. We advise investors to consult
their own tax advisors on this matter.


PRC TAXATION
PRC TAXATION ON US
•     Enterprise Income Tax
      On March 16, 2007, the NPC, the Chinese legislature, passed the Enterprise Income Tax Law of
      the PRC, which was amended in February 2017 and December 2018, and on December 6, 2007,
      the PRC State Council issued the Implementation Regulations of the Enterprise Income Tax Law
      of the PRC , which was amended in April 2019 and December 2024. The Enterprise Income Tax Law
      of the PRC and its Implementation Regulations, or the EIT Law, applies a uniform 25% enterprise
      income tax rate to PRC resident enterprises, including both foreign-invested enterprises and
      domestic enterprises. The EIT Law restructures China’s tax preference policy under the general
      principle that industries and projects that are encouraged and supported by the State may enjoy
      tax preferential treatment. For example, enterprises classified as “high and new technology
      enterprises strongly supported by the State” are entitled to a 15% enterprise income tax rate.
      Enterprises classified as “small and micro businesses” enjoy a preferential enterprise income tax
      rate of 20%.


      The EIT Law provides that enterprises established outside of China whose “de facto management
      bodies” are located in China are considered “resident enterprises.” The “de facto management
      body” is defined as the organizational body that effectively exercises overall management of
      and full and substantial control over production and business operations, personnel, finance
      and accounting, and properties of the enterprise. The State Taxation Administration, or the STA
      (previously known as State Administration of Taxation, or the SAT), issued on April 22, 2009 the
      Notice Regarding the Determination of Chinese-Controlled Offshore Incorporated Enterprises
      as PRC Tax Resident Enterprises on the Basis of De Facto Management Bodies , or Circular 82,
      implemented from January 1, 2008. Circular 82 provides certain specific criteria for determining
      whether the “de facto management body” of a PRC-controlled offshore incorporated enterprise
      is located in China, which include: (a) the primary location where senior management members
      responsible for an enterprise’s daily production and operations management and the senior
      management departments discharge their duties; (b) the location where financial and human
      resource decisions are made or approved by organizations or persons; (c) the location where
      the major assets and corporate documents are kept; and (d) the location where more than half
      (inclusive) of all directors with voting rights or senior management have their habitual residence.
      In addition, the STA issued Public Announcement [2011] No. 45 in 2011 and Public Announcement
      [2014] No.9 in 2014, providing more guidance on the implementation of Circular 82 and clarifying
      matters including resident status determination, post-determination administration and




                                                                    H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   137
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


             competent tax authorities. The above-mentioned tax circulars apply only to offshore enterprises
             controlled by PRC enterprises or PRC enterprise groups and are not applicable to our case. But
             the determining criteria set forth in such tax circulars may reflect the STA’s general position on
             how the “de facto management body” test should be applied in determining the tax resident status
             of offshore enterprises, regardless of whether they are controlled by PRC enterprises or PRC
             enterprise groups or by PRC or foreign individuals. Currently, there are no further detailed rules
             or precedents applicable to us regarding the procedures and specific criteria for determining “de
             facto management body” for a company invested in or controlled by PRC individuals. As such, it
             is still unclear if the PRC tax authorities would determine that, notwithstanding our status as the
             Cayman Islands holding company of our operating business in China, we should be classified as a
             PRC “resident enterprise”.


             The EIT Law imposes an enterprise income tax of 10% on dividends distributed by a foreign-
             invested enterprise to its immediate holding company outside of China, if such immediate holding
             company is considered a “non-resident enterprise” without any establishment or place of business
             within China or if the received dividends have no actual connection with the establishment or place
             of business of such immediate holding company within China, unless such immediate holding
             company’s jurisdiction of incorporation has a tax treaty with China that provides for a preferential
             withholding tax rate. A holding company which is a tax resident in Hong Kong, for example, would
             be subject to a 5% withholding tax rate on the dividends received from its PRC subsidiary if the
             holding company owns at least 25% equity in the PRC subsidiary and is the beneficial owner of the
             dividends.

             The EIT Law provides that PRC resident enterprises are generally subject to a uniform 25%
             enterprise income tax rate on their worldwide income. Therefore, if we are treated as a PRC
             “resident enterprise”, we will be subject to PRC income tax on our worldwide income at the 25%
             uniform tax rate, which could have an impact on our effective tax rate and an adverse effect on
             our net income and results of operations. Although the EIT Law provides that dividend payments
             between qualified PRC resident enterprises are exempted from enterprise income tax, it remains
             unclear as to the detailed qualification requirements for this exemption and whether dividend
             payments by our PRC subsidiaries to us would meet such qualification requirements if we were
             considered a PRC resident enterprise for this purpose. If we are required under the EIT Law to pay
             income tax on any dividends we receive from our PRC subsidiaries, our income tax expenses will
             increase and the amount of dividends, if any, we may pay to our shareholders and ADS holders
             may be materially and adversely affected.

      •      Value-added Tax
             On March 23, 2016, the Ministry of Finance of China (the “MOF”), and the STA jointly issued the
             Circular on the Nationwide Implementation of Pilot Program for the Collection of Value Added-
             Tax Instead of Business Tax , or Circular 36, which became effective on May 1, 2016. Pursuant to
             Circular 36, most of our PRC subsidiaries’ business are subject to value-added tax, or VAT, at a
             rate of 6% as general VAT taxpayers, and they would be permitted to offset input VAT by providing
             valid VAT special invoices received from vendors against their VAT liability.




138   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


On March 20, 2019, the MOF, the STA and the General Administration of Customs of China
jointly issued the Public Announcement on Strengthening the VAT Reform Policies , or Public
Announcement [2019] No. 39, pursuant to which, during the period from April 1, 2019 to December
31, 2021, a general VAT taxpayer engaging in the provision of living services, postal services,
telecommunications services or modern services with sales revenue from the provision of such
services accounting for more than 50% of its total sales revenue is allowed to deduct extra
10% of the deductible input VAT for the current period from the VAT payable. Such rate of extra
deduction of input VAT was increased to 15% during the period from October 1, 2019 to December
31, 2021 for general VAT taxpayers engaging in provision of living services with sales revenue
from the provision of living services accounting for more than 50% of its total sales revenue
pursuant to the Public Announcement on Clarifying the VAT Super Deduction Policy for the Living
Service Sector , or Public Announcement [2019] No. 87, jointly issued by the MOF and the STA
on September 30, 2019. Our PRC subsidiaries that provide living services and meet the required
criteria stipulated in Public Announcement [2019] No. 39 and Public Announcement [2019] No.
87 would be permitted to enjoy such extra deduction of input VAT at a rate of 10% during period
from April 1, 2019 to September 30, 2019, and at a rate of 15% during period from October 1, 2019
to December 31, 2021, and PRC subsidiaries that do not provide living services but provide postal
services, telecommunications services or modern services and meet the required sales revenue
criteria stipulated in Public Announcement [2019] No. 39 would be permitted to enjoy such extra
deduction of input VAT at a rate of 10% during period from April 1, 2019 to December 31, 2021.
The above-mentioned super VAT deduction policy was extended to December 31, 2022 pursuant
to Public Announcement [2022] No. 11 jointly issued by the MOF and the STA on March 3, 2022.
On January 9, 2023, the MOF and the STA jointly issued the Public Announcement on Clarifying
the VAT Relief and Other Policies for Small-scale VAT Taxpayers, or Public Announcement [2023]
No. 1, to renew the relevant super VAT deduction policy, pursuant to which, during the period from
January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023, a general VAT taxpayer engaging in the provision of living
services, postal services, telecommunications services or modern services with sales revenue from
the provision of such services accounting for more than 50% of its total sales revenue is allowed
to deduct extra 5% of the deductible input VAT for the current period from the VAT payable, and a
general VAT taxpayer engaging in provision of living services with sales revenue from the provision
of living services accounting for more than 50% of its total sales revenue is allowed to deduct
extra 10% of the deductible input VAT for the current period from the VAT payable.


The policy notified by the Ministry of Finance and the State Taxation Administration of the
Additional Value-Added Tax Credit Policy for productive services and living services has not yet
been updated or extended. We will pay attention to the policy and will evaluate its influence on us
in terms of VAT.


On February 6, 2020, the MOF and the STA jointly issued the Public Announcement on Tax Policies
to Support Prevention and Control of Pneumonia Caused by COVID-19 , or Public Announcement
[2020] No.8, which retroactively came into force on January 1, 2020, providing that revenue
derived by VAT taxpayers from provision of living services shall be temporarily exempted from
VAT from January 1, 2020. Such temporary VAT exemption policy was extended to March 31, 2021
pursuant to Public Announcement [2021] No. 7 jointly issued by the MOF and the STA on March
17, 2021, and was no longer applicable upon expiry. Pursuant to Circular 36, VAT taxpayers that
enjoy such temporary VAT exemption would not be permitted to issue VAT special invoices to
customers.




                                                             H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   139
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


             On December 25, 2024, the Standing Committee of the NPC issued the Value-Added Tax Law
             of the PRC, or the VAT Law, which became effective from January 1, 2026. According to the VAT
             Law, any entities and individuals (including individual industrial and commercial households)
             that sell goods, services, intangible assets, or immovables, or import goods within the territory
             of the PRC are taxpayers of VAT and shall pay the VAT in accordance with the law and regulation.
             Except for taxpayers’ export of goods, the sale of services or intangible assets within the scope
             as prescribed by the State Council by domestic entities and individuals across national borders
             and other circumstances specified for by the State Council, the rate of VAT for sale of goods, labor
             services of processing, repair or replacement, or tangible movable property leasing services or
             import of goods is 13% unless otherwise specified, such as the rate of VAT for sale of agricultural
             products is 9%, and the rate of VAT for sale of transportation, postal, basic telecommunications,
             construction, or immovable leasing services, sale of immovables, or transfer of the rights to use
             land is 9%. In addition to the above circumstances, the rate of VAT for sale of services or intangible
             assets is 6%.


      PRC taxation of our overseas shareholders
      Under the EIT Law, PRC enterprise income tax at the rate of 10% is applicable to dividends payable to
      investors that are “non-resident enterprises”, which do not have an establishment or place of business in
      the PRC, or which have such establishment or place of business but the relevant income is not effectively
      connected with the establishment or place of business, to the extent such dividends have their sources
      within the PRC. Similarly, any gain realized on the transfer of ADSs or ordinary shares by such investors
      is also subject to 10% PRC enterprise income tax if such gain is regarded as income derived from sources
      within the PRC. Therefore, if we are considered a PRC “resident enterprise”, dividends we pay to non-
      resident enterprise investors with respect to our ADSs or ordinary shares and the gains realized from the
      transfer of our ADSs or ordinary shares may be considered as income derived from sources within the
      PRC and be subject to PRC enterprise income tax at a rate of 10% or lower, subject to the provisions of
      any applicable bilateral tax treaty. The double taxation treaty between the PRC and the United States, or
      the Treaty, does not reduce the 10% tax rate.


      Moreover, non-resident individual investors are required to pay PRC individual income tax at the rate
      of 20% instead of 10% enterprise income tax on dividends payable to the investors or any capital gains
      realized from the transfer of ADSs or ordinary shares if such gains are deemed income derived from
      sources within the PRC, unless there is an applicable tax treaty providing exemption or for a lower
      withholding tax rate. Under the PRC Individual Income Tax Law (as amended), or IITL, non-resident
      individual refers to an individual who has no domicile in China and does not stay in the territory of
      China or who has no domicile in China and has stayed in the territory of China for less than 183 days
      in aggregate in a calendar year. Pursuant to the IITL and its implementation rules, for purposes of the
      PRC individual income tax levied on the income from transfer of property, the taxable income will be the
      balance of the transfer price for the transfer of the ADSs or ordinary shares minus the original value and
      reasonable expenses paid for such transfer. Therefore, if we are considered a PRC resident enterprise
      and dividends we pay with respect to our ADSs or ordinary shares and the gains realized from the
      transfer of our ADSs or ordinary shares are considered income derived from sources within the PRC by
      relevant competent PRC tax authorities, such dividends and gains earned by non-resident individuals
      may be subject to PRC individual income tax.




140   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                         OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS



UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS ON OUR
SHAREHOLDERS
The following is a description of material U.S. federal income tax consequences to the U.S. Holders
(described below) of owning and disposing of ordinary shares or ADSs, but it does not purport to be a
comprehensive description of all tax considerations that may be relevant to a particular person’s decision
to own such ordinary shares or ADSs. This discussion applies only to a U.S. Holder that holds ordinary
shares or ADSs as capital assets within the meaning of Section 1221 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended (the “Code”). In addition, it does not describe all of the tax consequences that
may be relevant in light of a U.S. Holder’s particular circumstances, including alternative minimum tax
consequences, the Medicare tax on net investment income, and different tax consequences that may
apply to U.S. Holders subject to special rules, such as:


•      certain financial institutions;


•      dealers or traders in securities who use a mark-to-market method of tax accounting;


•      persons holding ordinary shares or ADSs as part of a straddle, wash sale, conversion transaction
       or integrated transaction or persons entering into a constructive sale with respect to the ordinary
       shares or ADSs;


•      entities or arrangements that are treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes (or
       partners therein);


•      tax-exempt entities;


•      persons that own or are deemed to own ten percent or more of our ordinary shares (measured by
       voting power or value); or


•      persons who acquired our ordinary shares or ADSs pursuant to the exercise of an employee stock
       option or otherwise as compensation.


This discussion is based on the Code, administrative pronouncements, judicial decisions, final,
temporary and proposed Treasury regulations, and the Treaty, all as of the date hereof, and any of which
is subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect. It is also based in part on representations by the
depositary and assumes that each obligation under the deposit agreement and any related agreement
will be performed in accordance with its terms.


A “U.S. Holder” is a beneficial owner of ordinary shares or ADSs that is a citizen or resident of the United
States or a U.S. domestic corporation or that otherwise is subject to U.S. federal income taxation on a
net income basis in respect of such ordinary shares or ADSs. In general, a U.S. Holder who owns ADSs
will be treated as the owner of the underlying ordinary shares represented by those ADSs for U.S. federal
income tax purposes. The remainder of this discussion assumes that a U.S. Holder of our ADSs will be
treated as the beneficial owner of the underlying ordinary shares represented by the ADSs.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   141
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


      U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors concerning the U.S. federal, state, local and foreign tax
      consequences of owning and disposing of ordinary shares or ADSs in their particular circumstances.


      Taxation of Distributions
      Subject to the discussion under “–Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules” below, distributions paid
      on ordinary shares or ADSs, other than certain pro rata distributions of ordinary shares, will be treated
      as dividends to the extent paid out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits (as determined
      under U.S. federal income tax principles). Because we do not maintain calculations of our earnings and
      profits under U.S. federal income tax principles, it is expected that distributions generally will be treated
      as dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes.


      A non-corporate recipient of dividend income from a “qualified foreign corporation” will generally be
      subject to tax at a reduced U.S. federal tax rate rather than the marginal tax rates generally applicable
      to ordinary income provided that certain holding period and other requirements are met. A non-U.S.
      corporation will generally be considered to be a qualified foreign corporation (a) if it is eligible for the
      benefits of a comprehensive tax treaty with the United States which the Secretary of Treasury of the
      United States determines is satisfactory for purposes of this provision and which includes an exchange
      of information program, or (b) with respect to any dividend it pays on stock that is readily tradable on
      an established securities market in the United States, provided, in both cases, that the corporation is
      not a PFIC for the taxable year in which the dividend is paid or the preceding taxable year. Our ADSs
      are listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market and will qualify as readily tradable on an established
      securities market in the United States so long as they are so listed. As discussed below in “–Passive
      Foreign Investment Company Rules”, based on our audited consolidated financial statements and
      relevant market and shareholder data, we do not believe that we were a PFIC with respect to our 2024 or
      2025 taxable years. In addition, based on our audited consolidated financial statements and our current
      expectations regarding the value and nature of our assets, the sources and nature of our income, and
      relevant market and shareholder data, we do not anticipate becoming a PFIC for our 2026 taxable year or
      in the foreseeable future.


      Since our ordinary shares are not themselves listed on an established securities market in the United
      States, dividends that we pay on our ordinary shares that are not backed by ADSs may not be eligible for
      the reduced tax rate. If, however, we are deemed to be a resident enterprise under the PRC Enterprise
      Income Tax Law, we may be eligible for the benefits of the Treaty (which the U.S. Treasury has determined
      is satisfactory for this purpose) and in that case we would be treated as a qualified foreign corporation
      with respect to dividends paid on our ordinary shares or ADSs. Each non-corporate U.S. Holder is advised
      to consult its tax advisors regarding the availability of the reduced tax rate applicable to qualified
      dividend income for any dividends we pay with respect to our ADSs or ordinary shares. The amount of the
      dividend will be treated as foreign-source dividend income to U.S. Holders and will not be eligible for the
      dividends-received deduction generally available to U.S. corporations under the Code.




142   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                         OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


Dividends we pay may be subject to PRC withholding tax. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, the
amount of any dividend will include amounts withheld in respect of such PRC withholding tax. See “–PRC
Taxation” above. Subject to generally applicable limitations and conditions, PRC dividend withholding
tax paid at the appropriate rate applicable to the U.S. Holder may be eligible for a credit against such
U.S. Holder’s federal income tax liability. These generally applicable limitations and conditions include
requirements adopted by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) in regulations promulgated in
December 2021 and any PRC tax will need to satisfy these requirements in order to be eligible to be a
creditable tax for a U.S. Holder. In the case of a U.S. Holder that either (i) is eligible for, and properly
elects, the benefits of the Treaty, or (ii) consistently elects to apply a modified version of these rules
under temporary guidance promulgated in December 2023 and complies with specific requirements
set forth in such guidance, the PRC tax on dividends will be treated as meeting the requirements and
therefore as a creditable tax. In the case of all other U.S. Holders, the application of these requirements
to the PRC tax on dividends is uncertain and we have not determined whether these requirements have
been met. If the PRC dividend tax is not a creditable tax for a U.S. Holder or the U.S. Holder does not
elect to claim a foreign tax credit for any foreign income taxes paid or accrued in the same taxable year,
the U.S. Holder may be able to deduct the PRC tax in computing such U.S. Holder’s taxable income for
U.S. federal income tax purposes. Dividend distributions will constitute income from sources without
the United States and, for U.S. Holders that elect to claim foreign tax credits, generally will constitute
“passive category income” for foreign tax credit purposes.


The availability and calculation of foreign tax credits and deductions for foreign taxes depend on a U.S.
Holder’s particular circumstances and involve the application of complex rules to those circumstances.
The temporary guidance discussed above also indicates that the Treasury and the IRS are considering
proposing amendments to the December 2021 regulations and that the temporary guidance can be
relied upon until additional guidance is issued that withdraws or modifies the temporary guidance. U.S.
Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the application of these rules to their particular
situations.


Dividends will be included in a U.S. Holder’s income on the date of the U.S. Holder’s, or in the case of
ADSs, the depositary’s, actual or constructive receipt of the dividend. The amount of any dividend income
paid in RMB will be the U.S. dollar amount calculated by reference to the exchange rate in effect on the
date of receipt, regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars. If the dividend
is converted into U.S. dollars on the date of receipt, a U.S. Holder should not be required to recognize
foreign currency gain or loss in respect of the dividend income. A U.S. Holder may have foreign currency
gain or loss, which would be U.S. source ordinary gain or loss, if the dividend is converted into U.S. dollars
after the date of receipt.




                                                                         H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   143
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS



      Sales or Other Dispositions of Ordinary Shares or ADSs
      Subject to the discussion under “—Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules” below, gain or loss
      realized on the sale or other disposition of ordinary shares or ADSs will be capital gain or loss and will
      be long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. Holder held the ordinary shares or ADSs for more than one
      year. The amount of the gain or loss will equal the difference between the U.S. Holder’s tax basis in
      the ordinary shares or ADSs disposed of and the amount realized on the disposition, in each case as
      determined in U.S. dollars. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations.


      As described in “–PRC Taxation – PRC Taxation on Us,” if we were deemed to be a tax resident enterprise
      under PRC tax law, gains from dispositions of our ordinary shares or ADSs may be subject to PRC
      withholding tax. In that case, a U.S. Holder’s amount realized would include the gross amount of the
      proceeds of the sale or disposition before deduction of the PRC tax. Although any such gain of a U.S.
      Holder would generally be characterized as U.S.-source income, a U.S. Holder that is eligible for, and
      properly elects to claim, the benefits of the Treaty may be entitled to elect to treat the gain as foreign-
      source income for foreign tax credit purposes. Any PRC tax imposed on the sale or other disposition of
      our ordinary shares or ADSs generally will not be treated as a creditable tax for U.S. foreign tax credit
      purposes, except in the case of a U.S. Holder that either (i) is eligible for, and properly elects to claim, the
      benefits of the Treaty, or (ii) consistently elects to apply a modified version of the U.S. foreign tax credit
      rules that is permitted under the temporary guidance discussed above and complies with the specific
      requirements set forth in such guidance. If the PRC tax is not a creditable tax or claimed as a credit by
      the U.S. Holder pursuant to the Treaty, the tax would reduce the amount realized on the sale or other
      disposition of the shares even if the U.S. Holder has elected to claim a foreign tax credit for other taxes in
      the same year. The temporary guidance discussed above also indicates that the Treasury and the IRS are
      considering proposing amendments to the December 2021 regulations and that the temporary guidance
      can be relied upon until additional guiance is issued that withdraws or modifies the temporary guidance.
      U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the application of the foreign tax credit
      rules to a sale or other disposition of the ordinary shares or ADSs and any PRC tax imposed on such sale
      or disposition.


      Deposits and withdrawals of ordinary shares by U.S. Holders in exchange for ADSs will not result in the
      realization of gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes.


      Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules
      Special U.S. federal income tax rules apply to U.S. persons owning shares of a “passive foreign
      investment company”, or “PFIC”. We will be classified as a PFIC in a particular taxable year if, after
      applying certain look-through rules, either


      •      75 percent or more of our gross income for the taxable year is passive income; or


      •      the average percentage of the value of our assets that produce or are held for the production of
             passive income is at least 50 percent.




144   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                        OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


For this purpose, passive income generally includes dividends, interest, gains from certain commodities
transactions, rents, royalties and the excess of gains over losses from the disposition of assets that
produce passive income. Cash is generally considered a passive asset for these purposes. Goodwill is an
active asset under the PFIC rules to the extent attributable to activities that produce active income.


Based on our audited consolidated financial statements and relevant market and shareholder data, we
do not believe that we were a PFIC with respect to our 2024 or 2025 taxable years. In addition, based
on our audited consolidated financial statements and our current expectations regarding the value and
nature of our assets, the sources and nature of our income, and relevant market and shareholder data,
we do not anticipate becoming a PFIC for our 2026 taxable year or in the foreseeable future. However,
the determination whether we are a PFIC must be made annually after the close of each taxable year and
based on the facts and circumstances at that time, and therefore subject to change. Accordingly, there
can be no assurance that we will not be a PFIC for any year in which a U.S. Holder holds ADSs.


If we are classified as a PFIC, and a U.S. Holder does not make a mark-to-market election as described
below, the U.S. Holder will be subject to a special tax at ordinary income tax rates on “excess
distributions” (generally, any distributions that you receive in a taxable year that are greater than
125 percent of the average annual distributions that the U.S. Holder has received in the preceding
three taxable years, or the U.S. Holder’s holding period, if shorter), and gain that that the U.S. Holder
recognizes on the sale of the holder’s shares. Under these rules (a) the excess distribution or gain will be
allocated ratably over the U.S. Holder’s holding period, (b) the amount allocated to the current taxable
year and any taxable year prior to the first taxable year in which we are a PFIC will be taxed as ordinary
income, and (c) the amount allocated to each of the other taxable years will be subject to tax at the
highest rate of tax in effect for the applicable class of taxpayer for that year, and an interest charge
for the deemed deferral benefit will be imposed with respect to the resulting tax attributable to each
such other taxable year. If we are a PFIC for any taxable year during which a U.S. Holder own ADSs or
ordinary shares, we will generally continue to be treated as a PFIC with respect to the U.S. Holder for all
succeeding years during which the holder owns the ADSs or ordinary shares, even if we cease to meet
the threshold requirements for PFIC status, unless the holder makes a timely “deemed sale” election, in
which case any gain on the deemed sale will be taxed under the PFIC rules described above.


If we are a PFIC for any taxable year and any entity in which we own or are deemed to own equity
interests is also a PFIC (a “Lower-tier PFIC”), a U.S. Holder will be deemed to own a proportionate amount
(by value) of the shares of each Lower-tier PFIC and will be subject to U.S. federal income tax according
to the rules described in the previous paragraph on (i) certain distributions by the Lower-tier PFIC and (ii)
dispositions of shares of the Lower-tier PFIC, in each case as if the U.S. Holder held such shares directly,
even though the U.S. Holder will not receive any proceeds of those distributions or dispositions.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   145
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


      U.S. Holders may be able to mitigate some of the unfavorable rules described in the preceding paragraph
      by electing to mark their shares or ADSs, as applicable, to market, provided the shares or ADSs, as
      applicable, are considered “marketable.” If a U.S. Holder makes this mark-to-market election, the holder
      will be required in any year in which we are a PFIC to include as ordinary income the excess of the fair
      market value of the holder’s shares at the end of the holder’s taxable year over the holder’s basis in
      those shares. If at the end of a U.S. Holder’s taxable year, the holder’s basis in the shares exceeds their
      fair market value, the U.S. Holder will be entitled to deduct the excess as an ordinary loss, but only to the
      extent of the holder’s net mark-to-market gains from previous years. A U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis
      in the shares will be adjusted to reflect any income or loss recognized under these rules. In addition, any
      gain a U.S. Holder recognizes upon the sale of the holder’s shares will be taxed as ordinary income in
      the year of sale and any loss will be treated as an ordinary loss to the extent of the holder’s net mark-to-
      market gains from previous years. Once made, the election cannot be revoked without the consent of the
      IRS unless the shares cease to be marketable. A make a mark-to-market election cannot be made with
      respect to any Lower-tier PFIC unless the shares of such Lower-tier PFIC are themselves “marketable.”
      As a result, if a U.S. Holder makes a mark-to-market election with respect to the shares or ADSs, the
      holder could nevertheless be subject to the PFIC rules described in the preceding paragraph with
      respect to the holder’s indirect interest in any Lower-tier PFIC. U.S. Holders should consult their own tax
      adviser regarding the availability and advisability of making a mark-to-market election in their particular
      circumstances if we are a PFIC for any taxable year.


      If we are a PFIC (or treated as a PFIC with respect to a U.S. Holder) for any taxable year in which we pay a
      dividend or the preceding taxable year, the favorable tax rate described above with respect to dividends
      paid to certain non-corporate U.S. Holders will not apply.


      A U.S. Holder that owns an equity interest in a PFIC generally must annually file IRS Form 8621, and may
      be required to file other IRS forms. A failure to file one or more of these forms as required may toll the
      running of the statute of limitations in respect of each of the holder’s taxable years for which such form
      is required to be filed. As a result, the taxable years with respect to which a U.S. Holder fails to file the
      form may remain open to assessment by the IRS indefinitely, until the form is filed.


      U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisor regarding the potential application of the PFIC rules to
      an investment in the shares or ADSs.




146   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                        OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS



Specified Foreign Financial Assets
Certain U.S. Holders that own “specified foreign financial assets” with an aggregate value in excess
of US$50,000 on the last day of the taxable year or US$75,000 at any time during the taxable year are
generally required to file an information statement along with their tax returns, currently on IRS Form
8938, with respect to such assets. “Specified foreign financial assets” include any financial accounts
held at a non-U.S. financial institution, as well as securities issued by a non-U.S. issuer that are not held
in accounts maintained by financial institutions. Higher reporting thresholds apply to certain individuals
living abroad and to certain married individuals. Regulations extend this reporting requirement to
certain entities that are treated as formed or availed of to hold direct or indirect interests in specified
foreign financial assets based on certain objective criteria. U.S. Holders who fail to report the required
information could be subject to substantial penalties. In addition, the statute of limitations for
assessment of tax would be suspended, in whole or part. Prospective investors should consult their own
tax advisors concerning the application of these rules to their investment in ADSs or ordinary shares,
including the application of the rules to their particular circumstances.


Information Reporting and Backup Withholding
Dividend payments with respect to ADSs or ordinary shares and proceeds from the sale or exchange of
ADSs or ordinary shares may be subject to information reporting to the IRS and possible U.S. backup
withholding. Backup withholding will not apply, however, to a U.S. Holder who furnishes a correct
taxpayer identification number and makes any other required certification or who is otherwise exempt
from backup withholding. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding the application of the
U.S. information reporting and backup withholding rules.


Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Amounts withheld as backup withholding may be credited
against your U.S. federal income tax liability, and you may obtain a refund of any excess amounts
withheld under the backup withholding rules by timely filing the appropriate claim for refund with the IRS
and furnishing any required information.


GERMAN TAXATION
Income Taxation
German-based corporations (AG and GmbH) are subject to corporate income tax (CIT) and in general also
to trade tax, which is a profit tax levied by the municipalities (TT). CIT is charged at a rate of 15% on the
taxable income. A 5.5% solidarity surcharge is charged on the CIT, resulting in an effective tax rate of
15.825%. Starting on January 1, 2028, the CIT rate will be gradually reduced from 15% by one percent
point per year over five years, reaching 10% in 2032. Trade tax is also charged on the taxable income by
the local municipalities whereas the tax rates depend on the local multiplier of each municipality. Thus,
TT rates vary from town to town. Typically, TT is levied at an effective rate of 7% – 21%. For Frankfurt,
the TT rate amounts to 16.1% and for Munich to 17.15%. Partnerships themselves (GmbH & Co. KG)
that qualify as so-called entrepreneurial partnerships for tax purposes (Mitunternehmerschaft en) are
subject to TT but not subject to CIT. For CIT purposes, a partnership is tax transparent; i.e., the taxable
income of a partnership is determined at the level of the partnership itself and then allocated to the




                                                                       H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   147
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


      partners in proportion to their interest in the partnership, irrespective of an actual distribution. In case
      a partner of a partnership is a corporation, the income is subject to CIT at the level of the partners. If the
      conditions are fulfilled, expenses of the partner that arise in connection with its partnership participation
      are tax deductible from the taxable income of the partnership as so-called special purpose expenses
      (Sonderbetriebsausgaben ), subject to general rules that may be applicable in relation to deduction
      of expenses and further provided that the expenses are included in the tax-filing at the level of the
      partnership.


      German branches/permanent establishments of foreign corporations are subject to CIT and TT. In case
      of permanent establishments, the German double tax treaties generally assign the taxation right to
      the state in which the permanent establishment is located. The participation of a foreign corporation
      (H World Holdings Singapore Pte. Ltd.) in a German partnership (DH Group GmbH & Co. KG) as limited
      partner can create a permanent establishment of the foreign corporation in Germany for CIT and TT
      purposes.


      Tax group for CIT and TT purposes
      A tax group in Germany allows a set-off of taxable income (positive and negative) for CIT and TT purposes
      at the level of the entity heading the tax group (parent company). Such tax group requires in particular
      the holding of the majority in voting rights (financial integration) from the beginning of the fiscal year
      of the parent subsidiary company as well as the implementation and proper execution of a profit and
      loss transfer agreement for a fixed minimum period of at least five calendar years. Accordingly, all
      profits made as well as all losses suffered at the level of the subsidiary/ies in a tax group as determined
      pursuant to German accounting rules (HGB) have to be transferred to or need to be compensated by the
      head of the tax group. One advantage of the tax group is that the profit transfer is not subject to dividend
      taxation (i.e., no CIT/TT on the 5% non-deductible expenses). Only corporations subject to unlimited
      corporate income tax with its place of registered office and management in Germany and seat in an EU or
      EEA country can be subsidiaries in a tax group.


      Participation exemption
      Dividends received by a German corporation are generally exempt from CIT if in particular a participation
      quota of at least 10% at the beginning of the year the dividend distribution takes place is fulfilled and the
      distributed dividend has not reduced the taxable income of the distributing entity; 5% of the dividends
      are deemed as non-deductible business expenses. Consequently, dividends are effectively 95% tax
      exempt. The effective CIT including solidarity surcharge on dividends therefore amounts to approximately
      0.8% (= 5% taxable portion x 15.825% tax rate). This participation exemption applies regardless of
      a minimum holding period or the residence of the subsidiary (German or foreign). The participation
      exemption inter alia does not apply if the shares are held as a trading stock of banks and financial
      institutions or as an investment of a life or health insurance company.


      The 95% exemption applies to TT under additional requirements. For dividends from German
      corporations the minimum shareholding at the beginning of the year must be at least 15% instead of
      10%; otherwise, the dividends are fully taxable for TT purposes. The same holds principally true with
      regard to the TT treatment of dividends from foreign corporations.




148   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                        OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


The 95% participation exemption also applies to capital gains from the disposal of shares in
corporations, regardless of the shareholding percentage. Exceptions only apply in case of certain
tax neutral restructurings made in the past and in case of past tax-effective write-downs. The 95%
participation exemption for capital gains applies to both CIT and TT. Again, the participation exemption
for capital gains inter alia does not apply if the shares are held as a trading stock of banks and financial
institutions or as an investment of a life or health insurance company.


Withholding Taxes
Dividends paid by German corporations are subject to withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) at a rate
of 25% plus 5.5% solidarity surcharge thereupon. A German resident shareholder in the form of a
corporation or a foreign corporate shareholder that holds its German participation through a German
permanent establishment may offset the paid withholding tax against its tax burden or if higher than its
tax burden get a refund in the course of the tax assessment. For shareholders which are non-resident in
Germany, the withholding tax may generally become a final tax cost unless exemptions apply.


In this regard, for example, a 40% (resp. two fifths) refund on the withholding tax is granted upon
application at the Federal Central Tax Office (Bundeszentralamt für Steuern), if the dividend recipient
is domiciled abroad and there is no double taxation treaty with Germany. Therefore, an effective
withholding tax rate of 15.825% on dividends for German non-resident shareholders applies. However,
this refund is subject to enhanced substance requirements.


According to the EU Parent-Subsidiary Directive as implemented into German domestic law, the
withholding tax can be reduced to zero (upon prior application and issuance of a respective tax exemption
certificate), if the dividends are paid by a German subsidiary to its EU shareholder corporation that
has held a 10% minimum participation in the German subsidiary for at least 12 months and respective
substance requirements pursuant to German anti-treaty shopping provisions are met.


Furthermore, based on double tax treaties between Germany and the shareholder’s country of residence,
the withholding tax may be (upon application) reduced to 5% to 15%. Also in these cases, the WHT
reduction has to be applied for and substance requirements have to be met.


By contrast, profit distributions paid by a partnership (for example, GmbH &Co. KG) are not subject to
withholding tax because they are qualified as “withdrawals” rather than dividends from a German income
tax perspective.


If a partnership receives dividends from its corporate subsidiaries and if these corporate subsidiaries
are to be actually attributable to the permanent establishment of the German partnership, the dividend
withholding tax cannot be reclaimed at the level of a partnership but only at the level of its partners. This
also applies to foreign partners of the German partnership which creates a permanent establishment
due to the participation in a partnership in Germany and are therefore subject to limited CIT and thus,
have to file a CIT return in Germany.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   149
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


      However, reclaiming of the dividend withholding tax in such German CIT return of the foreign partner
      can only be made in case the corporate subsidiaries of the partnership are actually attributable to the
      permanent establishment of the German partnership. As a German partnership is a semi-transparent
      entity, the corporate subsidiaries must be in a functional relationship with the partnership in order to
      be attributed to the German permanent establishment of the partnership. If the corporate subsidiaries
      are not attributable to the permanent establishment of the German partnership, they would be directly
      attributed to the foreign partner of the partnership. In this case, the dividends from such corporations
      would be seen as directly received by the foreign partner and not by the German partnership, leading to
      the application of the general refund procedure explained above (including the prove of substance).


      SINGAPORE TAXATION
      Corporate Tax
      The prevailing corporate tax rate in Singapore is 17% with effect from Year of Assessment 2011. In
      addition, with effect from Year of Assessment 2020, the partial tax exemption scheme applies on the first
      S$200,000 of a company’s normal chargeable income; specifically 75% of up to the first S$10,000 of a
      company’s normal chargeable income, and 50% of up to the next S$190,000 is exempt from corporate
      tax. The remaining chargeable income (after the partial tax exemption) will be taxed at 17%.


      Singapore has a tax exemption scheme for new start-up companies that was introduced in Year of
      Assessment 2005 to support entrepreneurship and help the growth of local enterprises. With effect
      from Year of Assessment 2020 onwards, there will be a 75% exemption on the first S$100,000 of normal
      chargeable income, and a further 50% exemption on the next S$100,000 of normal chargeable income.


      Our subsidiaries in Singapore are subject to Singapore corporate income tax at a rate of 17%.


      Goods and Services Tax
      Goods and services tax (“GST”) in Singapore is a consumption tax that is levied on the import of goods
      and services into Singapore, as well as nearly all supplies of goods and services in Singapore at a
      prevailing rate of 9% with effect from January 1, 2024.


      Dividend Distributions
      Singapore adopts a one-tier corporate tax system under which the tax collected from corporate profits
      is a final tax and the after-tax profits of a company resident in Singapore can be distributed to its
      shareholders as tax-exempt dividends. Such dividends are tax-exempt in the hands of the shareholders,
      irrespective of whether the shareholder is a company or an individual and whether or not the shareholder
      is a Singapore tax resident. Singapore does not currently impose withholding tax on dividends paid to
      resident or non-resident shareholders.




150   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                        OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS



Capital Gains upon Disposition of Shares
Any gains considered to be in the nature of capital made from the sale of our shares will not be taxable in
Singapore to the extent that they do not fall within the ambit of Section 10L of the Income Tax Act 1947
(“ITA”), which came into effect on January 1, 2024. Any gains of an income nature would be subject to tax
at the prevailing corporate income tax rate of 17.0%. There are no specific laws or regulations which deal
with the characterization of whether a gain is income or capital in nature. Gains arising from the disposal
of our shares may be construed to be of an income nature and subject to Singapore income tax, if they
arise from activities which the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore (“IRAS”) regards as the carrying on
of a trade or business in Singapore. Such gains, even if they do not arise from an activity in the ordinary
course of trade or business or from an ordinary incident of some other business activity, may also be
considered gains or profits of an income nature if the investor had the intention or purpose of making a
profit at the time of acquisition of our shares. However, under Singapore tax laws, subject to section 10L
of the ITA, there is a temporary safe harbor rule where any gains derived by a divesting company from its
disposal of ordinary shares in an investee company between June 1, 2012 and December 31, 2027 are
generally exempt from tax if immediately prior to the date of the relevant disposal, the divesting company
has held at least 20% of the ordinary shares in the investee company for a continuous period of at least
24 months. Subject to certain prescribed exemptions and section 10L of the ITA, the safe harbor rule is
only applicable if the divesting company, at the time of lodgment of its income tax return in Singapore
relating to the period in which the disposal of ordinary shares occurred, provides such information and
documentation as may be specified by the IRAS.


Under Section 10L of the ITA, gains received in Singapore by an entity of a relevant group from the
sale or disposal of any movable or immovable property outside Singapore will be treated as income
chargeable to tax under Section 10(1)(g) of the ITA under certain circumstances. Any registered shares,
equity securities or securities will be deemed to be located outside Singapore if the register or principal
register (if there is more than one register) is located outside Singapore regardless of where the company
is incorporated. If our shares are deemed to be foreign assets, gains from their disposal will be subject
to tax if an entity of a relevant group (other than an excluded entity) disposed of our shares on or after 1
January 2024. An entity is a member of a group of entities if its assets, liabilities, income, expenses and
cash flows are (a) included in the consolidated financial statements of the parent entity of the group, or
(b) excluded from the consolidated financial statements of the parent entity of the group solely on size
or materiality grounds or on the grounds that the entity is held for sale. A group is a relevant group if (a)
the entities of the group are not all incorporated, registered or established in Singapore; or (b) any entity
of the group has a place of business outside Singapore. An excluded entity is defined in Section 10L of
the ITA to include (a) a pure equity-holding company satisfying the conditions in Section 10L(16) of the
ITA or (b) any other entity with adequate economic substance in Singapore, taking into account factors
enumerated in Section 10L of the ITA, whose operations are managed and performed in Singapore.


Investors are advised to consult their own tax advisors on the applicable tax treatment if they received
gains in Singapore from the disposal of our shares.




                                                                       H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   151
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS



      Global Anti-Base Erosion Model Rules (Pillar Two)
      The Global Anti-Base Erosion Model Rules (Pillar Two) (“BEPS Pillar 2”) rules are implemented in
      Singapore via the Multinational Enterprise (Minimum Tax) Act 2024 (“MMTA”). It introduces (i) the
      multinational enterprise top-up tax (“MTT”), and (ii) the domestic top-up tax (“DTT”).


      The MMTA applies to a multinational enterprise (“MNE”) group for a financial year beginning on or after
      January 1, 2025 if its annual consolidated group revenue (determined by reference to the consolidated
      financial statements of its ultimate parent entity) for at least two financial years out of the four financial
      years immediately before that financial year is equal to or exceeds EUR750 million.


      MTT applies to a Singapore parent entity’s ownership interest in its relevant entities outside Singapore
      and its stateless entities but does not apply to its ownership interest in its domestic entities. The
      minimum rate for MTT is 15% and the top-up amount is computed using the effective tax rate (“ETR”)
      that is calculated on a jurisdictional basis for an MNE group. The charging provision for MTT is found in
      section 12 of the MMTA, which imposes MTT on an entity if (i) the entity is a responsible member of an
      MNE group at any time in the financial year, (ii) the MNE group is an in-scope MNE group for the financial
      year, (iii) the entity holds an ownership interest in another constituent entity (“CE”) of the MNE group
      at any time in the financial year, (iv) that other CE is located in a jurisdiction outside Singapore or is a
      stateless entity, and has a top up amount for the financial year, and (v) the entity is located in Singapore.


      The DTT imposes a top-up tax on certain CEs located in Singapore to raise their ETR to at least 15%. The
      charging provision for the DTT is section 28 of the MMTA, which imposes DTT equivalent to the on an
      MNE group for a financial year if (i) the MNE group is an in-scope MNE group, (ii) at least one of its CEs is
      located in Singapore or is: (a) a flow through entity established, formed, incorporated or registered under
      the laws of Singapore, (b) not a responsible member, and (c) a reverse hybrid entity with respect to any of
      its income, expenditure, profit or loss, and (3) the MNE group has a top up amount for that financial year.


      Do note that in-scope MNE groups are subject to various administrative requirements. This includes
      registering under the MMTA, designating a Singapore CE to be a Designated Local DTT Filing Entity
      (“DFE”)/Designated Local GIR Filing Entity (“GFE”), submitting MTT and DTT returns, and making a GloBE
      information return (“GIR”) filing.


      However, excluded entities are excluded from the MTT and DTT. While their revenue is still taken into
      account to determine if the MNE group is in-scope, their attributes such as their profits, losses, taxes
      accrued, tangible assets, and payroll expenses are excluded from the various computations under MTT
      and DTT including the de minimis exclusion. Further, such entities are not subject to any administrative
      obligations under MTT and DTT, such as the filing of a GloBE Information Return. Excluded entities
      include a governmental entity, an international organisation and a non-profit organisation.


      Further, the MTT and DTT regimes also provide for safe harbours that help reduce the MNE groups’
      compliance burden. Where a safe harbour is elected by an MNE group for a jurisdiction, the top-up
      amounts for qualifying entities of the MNE group in the jurisdiction are treated as nil. Singapore currently
      has three safe harbours: (1) transitional CbCR Safe Harbour, (2) simplified Calculations Safe Harbour,
      and (3) QDMTT Safe Harbour.




152   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                        OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


Penalties may be imposed under the MMT Act where an in-scope MNE group fails to meet its obligations
for MTT and DTT. As MTT and DTT rules are new, MNEs will require time to familiarise themselves with
the rules. In view that some MNEs have given feedback that such rules are complex, IRAS will adopt a
light touch approach for the first 3 FYs from FY 2025, if an MNE group can demonstrate that it has taken
reasonable measures to ensure the correct application of the rules.


CYBERSECURITY
Risk Management and Strategy
We have implemented procedures for assessing, identifying, and managing material risks from
cybersecurity threats and for prevention, detection, mitigation and remediation of material cybersecurity
incidents. We have also integrated cybersecurity risk management into our overall enterprise risk
management system.


The framework of our cybersecurity risk management process mainly includes four steps: (i) identifying
cybersecurity threats, assessing the severity, identifying the source and whether the threat is associated
with a third-party service provider; (ii) reporting material cybersecurity incidents to management and
our board of directors; (iii) implementing safeguards, countermeasures and mitigation strategies; and
(iv) remediation and restoration of the affected systems. We have established processes to oversee and
identify risks from cybersecurity threats associated with our use of third-party services providers.


We have also developed a comprehensive cybersecurity threat defense system to address both internal
and external threats. This system encompasses various levels, including network, host and application
security, and incorporates systematic security capabilities for threat defense, monitoring, analysis,
response, deception, and countermeasures. We strive to manage cybersecurity risks and protect
sensitive information through various methods, including technical safeguards, procedural requirements,
an intensive monitoring program on our corporate network, continuous testing of our security
posture both internally and with outside vendors, a robust incident response program, a review of the
effectiveness of our security system with reference to applicable security standards by qualified third
parties and regular cybersecurity awareness training for employees. Our Operation and Maintenance
Security Department continuously monitor the performance of our platforms and infrastructure to enable
us to respond quickly to potential problems, including potential cybersecurity threats.


In addition, we regularly engage third-party assessors, consultants and auditors in connection with
our cybersecurity risk management processes, and the audit committee of our Board of Directors has
the necessary resources and authority to select, retain, terminate and approve the fees and other
retention terms for such assessors, consultants, auditors or other third parties, as it deems necessary
or appropriate. As of the date of this annual report, we have not experienced any material cybersecurity
incidents or identified any material cybersecurity threats that have affected or are reasonably likely to
materially affect us, including our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   153
      OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS



      Governance
      We place a strong emphasis on data security. We have established an information security committee
      and an information security and privacy protection working group consisting of heads of various
      departments. To further ensure data security, we have also set up a special data security committee to
      ensure the security of customer data and prevent data leakage by setting data security guidelines and
      coordinating data security planning. We also have a dedicated information security center equipped with
      personnel specialized in data security, compliance, and risk management. This center is involved in key
      aspects of our business operations and provides other departments with professional data security and
      risk management services.


      Our information security committee is responsible for the oversight of risks from cybersecurity threats,
      including full authority in monitoring, resolving, disclosing, and otherwise handling matters related to or
      arising out any cybersecurity incidents. Members of our information security committee are responsible
      for monitoring the prevention, detection, mitigation and remediation of cybersecurity incidents and
      shall report risks from cybersecurity threats on a regular basis and promptly reporting any material
      cybersecurity incidents to the management of the information security committee.


      Mr. Hui Jin, our chief executive officer, serves as the chairman of our information security committee. Mr.
      Jin is authorized to make decisions with regard to the cybersecurity matters of our company.


      Insider Trading Policies
      We have adopted an insider trading policy (the “Insider Trading Policy”), which governs the purchase, sale
      and other dispositions of our securities by our directors, executive officers, and employees. Our Insider
      Trading Policy aims to promote compliance with applicable insider trading laws, rules and regulations,
      and the NASDAQ listing standards. A copy of our Insider Trading Policy is filed with our annual report on
      Form 20-F.




154   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                            EXEMPTIONS AND WAIVERS


NASDAQ LISTED COMPANY MANUAL
We are a “foreign private issuer” (as such term is defined in Rule 3b-4 under the Exchange Act), and our
ADSs are listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market. The NASDAQ rules provide that foreign private
issuers may follow home country practice in lieu of the corporate governance requirements of the
NASDAQ Stock Market LLC, subject to certain exceptions and requirements and except to the extent
that such exemptions would be contrary to U.S. federal securities laws and regulations. The significant
differences between our corporate governance practices and those followed by domestic companies
under the NASDAQ rules are summarized as follows:


•     We follow home country practice that permits our board of directors not to have a majority of
      independent directors in lieu of complying with Rule 5605(b)(1) of the NASDAQ.


•     We follow home country practice that permits our independent directors not to hold regularly
      scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present in lieu of complying with Rule
      5605(b)(2) of the NASDAQ.


•     We follow home country practice that permits our board of directors not to implement a
      nominations committee, in lieu of complying with Rule 5605(e) of the NASDAQ Rules that requires
      the implementation of a nominations committee.


•     We followed home country practice that permits us not to disclose in our annual report or website
      the material terms of all agreements or arrangements between any director, nominee for director
      and any person or entity other than our company relating to compensation or other payment
      in connection with that person’s candidacy or services as a director of our company, in lieu of
      complying with Rule 5250(b)(3) of the NASDAQ.


Other than the above, we have followed and intend to continue to follow the applicable corporate
governance standards under the NASDAQ rules.


HONG KONG LISTING RULES
Under Rule 19C.11 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, we are exempt from certain corporate governance
requirements of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, including Appendix C1 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules
(Corporate Governance Code) and Appendix D2 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules (Disclosure of Financial
Information).


In connection with our listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and
the SFC granted certain waivers and exemptions from strict compliance with the relevant provisions
of the Hong Kong Listing Rules and the SFO, respectively, and the SFC also granted a ruling under the
Takeovers Codes.




                                                                    H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   155
      EXEMPTIONS AND WAIVERS



      NOT A PUBLIC COMPANY IN HONG KONG
      Section 4.1 of the Introduction to the Takeovers Codes provides that the Takeovers Codes applies to
      takeovers, mergers and share buy-backs affecting public companies in Hong Kong and companies with
      a primary listing in Hong Kong. According to the Note to Section 4.2 of the Introduction to the Takeovers
      Codes, a Grandfathered Greater China Issuer within the meaning of Rule 19C.01 of the Hong Kong Listing
      Rules with a secondary listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange will not normally be regarded as a
      public company in Hong Kong under Section 4.2 of the Introduction to the Takeovers Codes.


      The SFC granted a ruling that we are not a “public company in Hong Kong” for the purposes of Section
      4.2. Therefore, the Takeovers Codes do not apply to us. In the event that the bulk of trading in the
      Shares migrates to Hong Kong such that our Company would be treated as having a dual-primary listing
      pursuant to Rule 19C.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Takeovers Codes will apply to our Company.


      DISCLOSURE OF INTERESTS UNDER PART XV OF SFO
      Part XV of the SFO imposes duties of disclosure of interests in ordinary shares. Under the U.S. Exchange
      Act, which we are subject to, any person (including directors and officers of the company concerned)
      who acquires beneficial ownership, as determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of
      the SEC and which includes the power to direct the voting or the disposition of the securities, of more
      than 5% of a class of equity securities registered under Section 12 of the U.S. Exchange Act must file
      beneficial owner reports with the SEC, and such person must promptly report any material change in
      the information provided (including any acquisition or disposition of 1% or more of the class of equity
      securities concerned), unless exceptions apply. Therefore, compliance with Part XV of the SFO would
      subject our corporate insiders to a second level of reporting, which would be unduly burdensome to
      them, would result in additional costs and would not be meaningful, since the statutory disclosure
      of interest obligations under the U.S. Exchange Act that apply to us and our corporate insiders would
      provide our investors with sufficient information relating to the shareholding interests of our significant
      shareholders.


      The SFC granted a partial exemption under section 309(2) of the SFO from the provisions of Part XV of
      the SFO (other than Divisions 5, 11 and 12 of Part XV of the SFO), on the conditions that (i) the bulk of
      trading in the ordinary shares is not considered to have migrated to Hong Kong on a permanent basis in
      accordance with Rule 19C.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules; (ii) all disclosures of interest filed in the
      SEC are also filed with the Hong Kong Stock Exchange as soon as practicable, which will then publish
      such disclosure in the same manner as disclosures made under Part XV of the SFO; and (iii) we will advise
      the SFC if there is any material change to any of the information which has been provided to the SFC,
      including any significant changes to the disclosure requirements in the U.S. and any significant changes
      in the volume of our worldwide share turnover that takes place on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
      This exemption may be reconsidered by the SFC in the event there is a material change in information
      provided to the SFC.




156   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                               EXEMPTIONS AND WAIVERS


The U.S. Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder require disclosure of
interests by shareholders that are broadly equivalent to Part XV of the SFO. For relevant disclosure
in respect of the substantial shareholder’s interests, see “Major Shareholders and Related Party
Transactions – Major Shareholders.”


We undertook to file with the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, as soon as practicable, any declaration
of shareholding and securities transactions filed with the SEC. We further undertook to disclose in
present and future listing documents any shareholding interests as disclosed in an SEC filing and the
relationship between our directors, officers, members of committees and their relationship to any
controlling shareholder.


CORPORATE COMMUNICATION
Rule 2.07A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, as amended with effect from December 31, 2023, provides
that a listed issuer may (i) send or otherwise make available to the relevant holders of its securities any
corporate communication by electronic means or (ii) make the corporate communication available on its
website and the website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, and must set out on its website the manner
in which (i) and/or (ii) above is adopted for the dissemination of its corporate communications.


The Hong Kong Stock Exchange granted us a waiver from strict compliance with the requirements under
Rule 2.07A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, which remains effective.


Since our listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, we made the following arrangements:


•     We issue all corporate communications as required by the Hong Kong Listing Rules on our own
      website in English and Chinese, and on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s website in English and
      Chinese.


•     We continue to make arrangements to provide printed copies of proxy materials and notices to our
      shareholders at no costs upon request.


•     We have added to the “Investor Relations” page of our website which directs investors to all of our
      filings with the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


In light of the amendments to Rule 2.07A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, we have also set out in the
relevant sections of our website the manner of our corporation communication dissemination.


Rule 13.25B of the Hong Kong Listing Rules requires a listed issuer to publish a monthly return in
relation to movements in its equity securities (including treasury shares), debt securities and any other
securitized instruments, as applicable, during the period to which the monthly return relates. Pursuant
to the Joint Policy Statement Regarding the Listing of Overseas Companies, or Joint Policy Statement,
we sought a waiver from Rule 13.25B subject to satisfying the waiver condition that the SFC has granted
a partial exemption from strict compliance with Part XV of the SFO (other than Divisions 5, 11 and 12
of Part XV of the SFO) in respect of disclosure of shareholders’ interests. As we have obtained a partial
exemption from the SFC, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange granted a waiver from strict compliance with
Rule 13.25B of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. We disclose information about share repurchases, if any, in
our quarterly earnings releases and annual reports on Form 20-F which are furnished or filed with the
SEC in accordance with applicable U.S. rules and regulations.


                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   157
      RISK FACTORS

      An investment in our ADSs involves risks. You should carefully consider the risks described below, as
      well as the other information included or incorporated by reference in this annual report, before making
      an investment decision. Our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially
      adversely affected by any of these risks. The market or trading price of our ADSs could decline due to any
      of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment. In addition, the risks discussed below also
      include forward-looking statements and our actual results may differ substantially from those discussed
      in these forward-looking statements. Please note that additional risks not presently known to us, that we
      currently deem immaterial or that we have not anticipated may also impair our business and operations.


      RISK FACTOR SUMMARY
      Risks Related to Our Business
      •      Our operating results are subject to conditions affecting the lodging industry in general;


      •      Our business is sensitive to Chinese, European, Middle Eastern, Southeast Asian and global
             economic conditions. A severe or prolonged downturn in the Chinese, European, Middle Eastern,
             Southeast Asian or global economy could materially and adversely affect our revenues and results
             of operations;


      •      The lodging industries in China, Europe, the Middle East, the Southeast Asia, and other countries
             and regions where we operate are competitive, and if we are unable to compete successfully, our
             financial condition and results of operations may be harmed;


      •      Seasonality of our business and national or regional special events may cause fluctuations in our
             revenues, cause our ADS or ordinary share price to decline, and adversely affect our profitability;


      •      We may not be able to manage our planned growth, which could adversely affect our operating
             results;


      •      Failure to comply with data protection laws or maintain the integrity of internal or customer data
             could result in harm to our reputation or subject us to costs, liabilities, fines or lawsuits; and


      •      We, our directors, management and employees may be subject to certain risks related to legal
             proceedings filed by or against us, and adverse results may harm our business.




158   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                                   RISK FACTORS



Risks Related to Doing Business in China
•   We are subject to many of the economic and political risks associated with emerging markets due
    to our operations in China;


•   Inflation in China may disrupt our business and have an adverse effect on our financial condition
    and results of operations;


•   Developments in the interpretation and enforcement of PRC laws and regulations could limit the
    legal protections available to you and us;


•   Regulatory developments in China may subject us to additional regulatory review and disclosure
    requirements, expose us to government influence, or otherwise restrict or completely hinder
    our ability to offer securities and raise capital outside China, which could adversely affect our
    business operations and cause the value of our securities to significantly decline or become
    worthless; and


•   If the PCAOB is unable to inspect our auditors as required under the HFCA Act, the SEC will
    prohibit the trading of our ADSs, which may materially and adversely affect the value of your
    investment.


Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure
•   H World Group Limited is a Cayman Islands holding company. As a result, you may experience
    difficulties in effecting service of legal process, enforcing foreign judgments or bringing actions in
    China against us or our management based on foreign laws;


•   Revenue and assets contributions from the Consolidated Affiliated Entities have not been
    material. Nonetheless, if the PRC regulatory authorities deem that the contractual arrangements
    in relation to the Consolidated Affiliated Entities do not comply with PRC regulatory restrictions
    on foreign investment in the relevant industries, or if these regulations or the interpretation of
    existing regulations change in the future, our ordinary shares and ADSs may decline in value if we
    are unable to assert our contractual control rights over the assets of the Consolidated Affiliated
    Entities;


•   We rely in part on contractual arrangements with each of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities and
    their respective nominee shareholders to operate certain restricted business. These contractual
    arrangements may not be as effective as direct ownership in providing operational control;




                                                                   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   159
      RISK FACTORS


      •      If we exercise the option to acquire equity ownership of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities, the
             ownership transfer may subject us to certain limitations and substantial costs;


      •      The nominee shareholders of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities may have potential conflicts of
             interest with us, which may affect our business and financial condition;


      •      If the custodians or authorized users of our controlling non-tangible assets, including chops and
             seals, fail to fulfill their responsibilities, or misappropriate or misuse these assets, our business
             and operations may be materially and adversely affected; and


      •      Uncertainties exist with respect to the interpretation and implementation of the Foreign
             Investment Law and its implementing rules and how they may impact our business, financial
             condition, and results of operations.


      Risks Related to Our ADSs, Ordinary Shares and Our Trading Market
      •      The market prices for our ADSs and/or ordinary shares have been and may continue to be volatile;


      •      An active trading market for our ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange might not be
             sustained, and trading prices of our ordinary shares might fluctuate significantly;


      •      If securities or industry analysts do not continue to publish research or if they publish inaccurate
             or unfavorable research about our business, the market prices and trading volume for our ADSs
             and/or ordinary shares could decline;


      •      Techniques employed by short sellers may drive down the market prices of the ADSs and/or
             ordinary shares;


      •      We may need additional capital, and the sale of additional ADSs, ordinary shares or other equity
             securities could result in additional dilution to our shareholders, and the incurrence of additional
             indebtedness could increase our debt service obligations;


      •      As our founder and co-founders collectively hold a controlling interest in us, they have significant
             influence over our management and their interests may not be aligned with our interests or the
             interests of our other shareholders; and


      •      There is uncertainty as to whether Hong Kong stamp duty will apply to the trading or conversion of
             our ADSs.




160   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                                      RISK FACTORS



RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS
Our operating results are subject to conditions affecting the lodging industry
in general.
Our operating results are subject to conditions typically affecting the lodging industry, which include:


•     changes and volatility in national, regional and local economic conditions in China, Europe, the
      Middle East, the Southeast Asia, and other countries and regions where we operate;


•     competition from other hotels, the attractiveness of our hotels to customers, and our ability to
      maintain and increase sales to existing customers and attract new customers;


•     adverse weather conditions, natural disasters or travelers’ fears of exposure to contagious
      diseases and social unrest;


•     changes in travel patterns or in the desirability of particular locations;


•     increases in operating costs and expenses due to inflation and other factors;


•     local market conditions such as an oversupply of, or a reduction in demand for, hotel rooms;


•     the quality and performance of managers and other employees of our hotels;


•     the availability and cost of capital to fund construction and renovation of, and make other
      investments in, our hotels;


•     seasonality of the lodging business and national or regional special events;


•     the possibility that leased properties may be subject to challenges as to their compliance with the
      relevant government regulations; and


•     maintenance and infringement of our intellectual property.


Changes in any of these conditions could adversely affect our occupancy rates, average daily room rates
and RevPAR, or otherwise adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   161
      RISK FACTORS



      Our business is sensitive to Chinese, European, Middle Eastern, Southeast
      Asian and global economic conditions. A severe or prolonged downturn in
      the Chinese, European, Middle Eastern, Southeast Asian or global economy
      could materially and adversely affect our revenues and results of operations.
      China is one of our major markets, and we also have operations in other countries and areas including
      Europe, the Middle East and the Southeast Asia. We depend on domestic business and leisure travel
      customers in China for a significant majority of our revenues, and we also derive a relatively large portion
      of our revenues from Europe following our acquisition of Deutsche Hospitality in 2020. Our operations
      have expanded to the Middle East and the Southeast Asia. Accordingly, our financial results have been,
      and we expect will continue to be, affected by developments in the economies and travel industries
      primarily of China, as well as those of Europe, the Middle East and the Southeast Asia.


      As the travel industry is highly sensitive to business and personal discretionary spending levels, it tends
      to decline during general economic downturns. A prolonged slowdown in the Chinese economy could
      erode consumer confidence which could result in changes to consumer spending patterns for travel
      and lodging-related products and services. The European hotel industry is also significantly affected by
      European countries’ economic growth.


      The global financial markets experienced significant disruptions from time to time. In addition, conflicts
      between the United States and China have extended to multiple areas, which could place further
      pressure on China’s economic growth. For example, the economic and trade sanctions imposed by
      countries around the globe, particularly those imposed by the U.S. government, have directly or indirectly
      affecting China-based companies. Such laws and regulations are likely subject to frequent changes,
      and their interpretation and enforcement involve substantial uncertainties, which may be heightened
      by national security concerns or driven by political and/or other factors that are out of our control. In
      addition, if any of our business partners is identified or designated as a sanctioned person or entity by
      relevant governmental authorities, actual or perceived association with such sanctioned person or entity
      could expose us to reputational risks, as well as potential regulatory scrutiny and adverse consequences
      for our business and operations. Furthermore, in April 2025, the United States announced broad tariffs
      on imports from all countries, comprising a 10% so-called “baseline” tariff on all countries, varying so-
      called “reciprocal” tariffs on certain trade partners, and a so-called “fentanyl-related” tariff of 20%
      on goods from China, Mexico and Canada. On February 20, 2026, the U.S. Supreme Court struck down
      tariffs imposed by U.S. President Trump under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act.
      Following the decision, the administration rescinded the IEEPA-based tariffs, but concurrently imposed
      a 10% temporary import surcharge under section 122 of the Trade Act of 1974 on imports from all U.S.
      trading partners for a 150-day period commencing on February 24, 2026 and discussed plans to impose
      other tariffs in reliance on other statutory authority. These changing policies have created considerable
      uncertainty regarding future tariff rates and the trajectory of U.S.-China trade relations. Moreover, the
      heightened geopolitical uncertainty and potential for further escalation may discourage investments
      in securities issued by China-based issuers (including us) and affect the global macroeconomic
      environment. Although cross-border trade is not our principal business, these types of geopolitical
      developments could materially and adversely affect our overall financial performance and the market
      prices of our ADSs and ordinary shares. For example, some of our franchisees work in industries that




162   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                                     RISK FACTORS


are relatively more vulnerable to heightened tariffs, such as manufacturing, and the escalated trade
war might have a material adverse effect on their business and cash flow, thereby weakening potential
franchisees’ willingness to entering into franchise agreements with us or existing franchisees’ ability to
invest in the maintenance and operation of our hotels.


Legislative or administrative actions in respect of Sino-U.S. relations could increase investor caution
towards affected issuers, including us, and the market price of our ordinary shares and ADSs could be
adversely affected. For example, the SEC has issued statements primarily focused on companies with
significant China-based operations, such as us. In addition, beginning in December 2020, the United
States imposed sanctions on certain Chinese companies that prohibit U.S. persons from buying or selling
the publicly traded securities of these companies as well as securities that are derivatives of or provide
investment exposure to these companies. The implementation of these restrictions forced the delisting
of those sanctioned issuers that were then listed on U.S. exchanges. The U.S. government designated
these companies as “China Military-Industrial Complex Companies,” or CMIC Companies, based on their
purported links to the Chinese military or Chinese military infrastructure or capabilities. Furthermore,
during a television interview on April 15, 2025, in response to a journalist’s question on whether the U.S.
government could include possible delistings of Chinese companies from U.S. exchanges as a possible
step the U.S. could take in its ongoing trade disputes from China, U.S. Secretary of Treasury, Scott
Bessent, declined to exclude this possibility. If the U.S. government were to issue any order or otherwise
require or cause the delisting of equity securities issued by China-based issuers, it could have a material
adverse effect on the price of our ADSs. If our ADSs were to be delisted from the NASDAQ, we may be
unable to readily obtain a listing on another stock exchange, and our shareholders may suffer losses
or be unable to trade our securities as a result. All of these events have introduced uncertainties to the
geopolitical situations and the global economic outlook. Furthermore, rather than just delisting our
securities from the NASDAQ, the U.S. government could implement sanctions, such as those applicable
to CMIC Companies, which apply to U.S. persons globally, which could even more significantly affect our
shareholders, in particular U.S. persons, and the market price of our securities, including our Hong Kong
Stock Exchange-listed ordinary shares.


Separately, we may also be subject to review and enforcement under domestic and foreign laws that
screen foreign investment and acquisitions. In both the United States and non-U.S. jurisdictions, these
regulatory requirements may treat companies differently based on the type of company in question
and the location and nature of its operations. As a result of these laws and regulations, investments
by particular investors may need to be filed with local regulators, which in turn may impose added
costs on our business, impact our operations, and limit our ability to engage in strategic transactions
that might otherwise be beneficial to us and our investors. These laws are also frequently changed
and updated. For example, in October 2024, the U.S. Department of the Treasury issued a final rule
(the “Outbound Investment Rule”), which imposes a new national security regulatory framework to
control outbound investment from the United States in certain sensitive industry sectors in the China,
including Hong Kong and Macau. The Outbound Investment Rule took effect in January 2025, and it
restricts U.S. persons’ direct and indirect investment into companies with specified connections to
China that engage in specified “covered activities” within three areas of technology: semiconductors and
microelectronics, quantum information technologies, and artificial intelligence systems. Subsequently,
the U.S. government issued a broadly worded “America First Trade Policy” on January 20, 2025 and an
“America First Investment Policy” on February 21, 2025. In particular, the America First Trade Policy




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   163
      RISK FACTORS


      directs the Treasury and several other executive departments and offices of the U.S. government to
      review the outbound investment program. In addition, the America First Investment Policy Memorandum
      contemplates possible application of the outbound investment program to a wider range of technologies,
      including biotechnology, hypersonics, aerospace, advanced manufacturing, directed energy, and other
      areas “implicated by the PRC’s national Military-Civil Fusion strategy” and applying restrictions to a wider
      range of investments, including publicly traded securities. On December 18, 2025, the Comprehensive
      Outbound Investment National Security Act of 2025 (the “COINS Act”) was signed into law. The COINS
      Act will keep the core of the final rule while expanding its scope and coverage, including underwriting
      services as an exception and amending certain key definitions such as “Covered Foreign Person.” It
      directs the U.S. Department of Treasury to define the technical parameters for prohibited and notifiable
      transactions. The content of the implementation regulations remains uncertain. These rules, including
      any changes to them that may be adopted, may limit our ability to engage in certain kinds of business
      operations; they may also limit our ability to raise capital from U.S. and other sources if we engage in the
      development of technologies specified in these rules. Continuing changes in both U.S. and
      non-U.S. jurisdictions to foreign investment laws and rules could adversely affect our strategic
      initiatives, financial performance, and growth prospects.


      There is considerable uncertainty over the long-term effects of the expansionary monetary and fiscal
      policies that have been adopted by China. On the other hand, after a sustained period of low interest
      rates, interest rates have risen significantly in the U.S. and Europe since 2022. The combination of rising
      interest rates and inflation has resulted in significant market volatility and economic uncertainty.


      There have also been concerns over unrest in the Middle East and Africa, which have resulted in
      significant market volatility and may adversely affect our operations in the Middle East, and over the
      possibility of a war involving North Korea. Furthermore, eruptions of regional tensions, such as the
      ongoing military conflicts involving Israel and Palestine, Ukraine and Russia, and the related sanctions
      against Russia have resulted in major economic shocks worldwide and substantial volatility across global
      financial markets. Moreover, there have been concerns about the economic effect of the earthquake,
      tsunami and nuclear crisis in Japan and the tensions between Japan and its neighboring countries and
      about the uncertainties of growth in economies in the Southeast Asia. Economic conditions in China,
      Europe and the Middle East and the Southeast Asia are sensitive to global economic conditions.


      It is unclear whether the above challenges will be contained or resolved and what effects they may have.
      Any prolonged slowdown in the Chinese, European, Middle Eastern, Southeast Asian or global economy
      may have a negative impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition, and continued
      turbulence in the international markets may adversely affect our ability to access the capital markets to
      meet liquidity needs.




164   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                                       RISK FACTORS



The lodging industries in China, Europe, the Middle East, the Southeast Asia,
and other countries and regions where we operate are competitive, and if we
are unable to compete successfully, our financial condition and results of
operations may be harmed.
The lodging industries in China, Europe, the Middle East, Southeast Asia and other countries and regions
where we operate, are highly fragmented. As a multi-brand hotel group, we believe that we compete
primarily based on location, room rates, brand recognition, quality of accommodations, geographic
coverage, service quality, range of services, guest amenities, and convenience of the central reservation
system. We primarily compete with other hotel groups as well as various independent hotels in each of
the markets in which we operate, including Chinese hotel groups such as BTG Hotels, Jinjiang, and Atour,
as well as international hotel groups such as Marriott, Intercontinental, Accor and Hilton. We also face
competitions from lodging products offered on platforms such as Airbnb and service apartments. New
and existing competitors may offer more competitive rates, greater convenience, services, or amenities
or superior facilities, which could attract customers away from our hotels and result in a decrease in
occupancy rates and average daily room rates of our hotels. Competitors may also outbid us for new
leased hotel conversion sites, negotiate better terms for potential manachised or franchised hotels, or
offer better terms to our existing franchisees in connection with our manachised or franchised hotels,
thereby slowing our anticipated pace of expansion. Furthermore, our typical guests may change their
travel, spending and consumption patterns and choose to stay in other kinds of hotels, especially given
the increase in our hotel room rates to keep pace with inflation. Even if our peers cannot outcompete
us, any increasing supply of hospitality assets in the areas we operate could negatively affect our
operational and financial results. Any of these factors may have an adverse effect on our competitive
position, results of operations and financial condition.


Seasonality of our business and national or regional special events may
cause fluctuations in our revenues, cause our ADS or ordinary share price to
decline, and adversely affect our profitability.
The lodging industry is subject to fluctuations in revenues due to seasonality and national or regional
special events. The seasonality of our business may cause fluctuations in our quarterly operating results.
Generally, the first quarter, in which both the New Year and Spring Festival holidays fall, accounts for a
lower percentage of our annual revenues than other quarters of the year. Our hotels in China typically
have a lower RevPAR in the fourth quarter, as compared to the second and third quarters, due to reduced
travel activities in winter, though some of our European hotels may recognize higher sales in the fourth
quarter as a result of more trade fairs and corporate events. In addition, national or regional special
events that attract large numbers of people to travel may also cause fluctuations in our operating results
in particular for the hotel locations where those events are held. Therefore, you should not rely on our
operating or financial results for prior periods as an indication of our results in any future period. As
our revenues may vary from quarter to quarter, our business performance is difficult to predict and our
quarterly results could fall below investor expectations, which could cause our ordinary share and/or
ADS prices to decline. Furthermore, the ramp-up process of our new hotels can be delayed during the low
season, which may negatively affect our revenues and profitability.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   165
      RISK FACTORS



      Our new leased and owned hotels typically incur significant pre-opening
      expenses during their development stages and generate relatively low
      revenues during their ramp-up stages, which may have a significant negative
      impact on our financial performance.
      The operation of each of our leased and owned hotels goes through three stages: development, ramp-
      up, and mature operations. During the development stage, leased and owned hotels do not generate
      any revenue, and incur pre-opening expenses generally ranging from approximately RMB1.5 million to
      RMB20.0 million per hotel. During the ramp-up stage, when the occupancy rate is relatively low, revenues
      generated by these hotels may be insufficient to cover their operating costs, which are relatively fixed
      in nature. As a result, these newly opened leased and owned hotels may not achieve profitability
      during the ramp-up stage. Although we have adopted an asset-light business strategy and gradually
      and strategically optimized our leased and owned hotel portfolio, we may continue to incur significant
      pre-opening expenses during the development stage and relatively low revenues during the ramp-up
      stage of our newly opened leased and owned hotels, which may have a negative impact on our financial
      performance. Moreover, we may plan to develop more midscale and upscale leased and owned hotels in
      the future with relatively higher pre-opening expenses, especially rent, which may lead to a more evident
      negative impact on our financials. In addition, we must maintain our hotels’ conditions and may upgrade
      a certain number of our hotels, which requires renovation and other improvements to our hotels from
      time to time. Hotels under renovation may need to be closed partially or entirely or otherwise be seriously
      disrupted due to the renovations, which could adversely affect the hotels’ revenues.


      A significant portion of our costs and expenses may remain at the same level
      or increase even if our revenues decline, which would adversely affect our
      net margins and results of operations.
      A significant portion of our operating costs, including rent and depreciation and amortization, is fixed.
      Accordingly, a decrease in revenues could result in a disproportionately higher decrease in our earnings
      because our operating costs and expenses are unlikely to decrease proportionately. For example, the
      New Year and Spring Festival holiday periods generally account for a lower portion of our annual revenues
      than other periods. However, our expenses do not vary as significantly with changes in occupancy and
      revenues as we need to continue to pay rent and salary and to make regular repairs, maintenance and
      renovations and invest in other capital improvements throughout the year to maintain the attractiveness
      of our hotels. Our property development and renovation costs may increase as a result of increasing
      costs of materials. However, we may have a limited ability to pass increased costs to customers through
      room rate increases. Therefore, our costs and expenses may remain constant or increase even if our
      revenues decline, which would adversely affect our net margins and results of operations.


      We may not be able to manage our planned growth, which could adversely
      affect our operating results.
      Our hotel group has been growing rapidly since we commenced our business of operating and managing
      a multi-brand hotel group.




166   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                                      RISK FACTORS


We intend to continue developing and operating additional hotels in different geographic locations in
China and overseas. Such expansions have placed, and will continue placing, substantial demands on our
managerial, operational, technological and other resources. Our planned expansion will also require us to
maintain the consistency of our products and the quality of our services to ensure that our business does
not suffer as a result of any deviations, whether actual or perceived, in our quality standards. In order to
manage and support our growth, we must continue improving our existing operational, administrative and
technological systems and our financial and management controls, and recruit, train and retain qualified
hotel management personnel as well as other administrative and sales and marketing personnel,
particularly as we expand into new markets. We cannot assure you that we will be able to effectively and
efficiently manage the growth of our operations, recruit and retain qualified personnel, and integrate new
hotels into our operations. Our inability to anticipate the changing demands that expanding operations
will impose on our management and information and operational systems, or our failure to quickly adapt
our systems and procedures to the new markets, could result in declines of revenues and increases in
expenses or otherwise harm our results of operations and financial condition.


In addition, our expansion within existing markets may affect our existing hotels in those markets and,
as a result, negatively affect our overall results of operations. While expansion into new geographic
markets, especially overseas, and addition of new hotel products for which we may have limited
operating experience and brand recognition may present operating and marketing challenges that
are different from those we currently encounter in our existing markets. Those new markets may have
different regulatory requirements, competitive conditions, consumer preferences, and discretionary
spending patterns as compared to our existing markets. As a result, any new hotels we open in those
markets may be less successful than hotels in our existing markets. Guests and franchisees in any new
market may not be familiar with our brands and we may need more time to build brand awareness in that
market through greater investments in advertising and promotional activities than we anticipated. We
may find it more difficult in new markets to hire, motivate and retain qualified employees who share our
vision, passion and culture. Hotels operated in new markets may also have lower average revenues or
higher operating costs than hotels in existing markets. Revenues at hotels operated in new markets may
take longer than expected to ramp up and reach expected revenues and profit levels, and may never do
so, thereby affecting our overall profitability.


There can be no assurance that any expansion, new hotel products or brands we introduce will be well
received by our customers and become profitable in a timely fashion, or at all. If a new product or brand
is not well received by our customers and our expansion into new geographic markets is not successful,
we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to offset related costs and expenses, and our overall
financial performance and condition may be adversely affected.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   167
      RISK FACTORS



      Our multi-brand business strategy exposes us to potential risks and if any
      of the new hotel brands are not well received by the market, we may not be
      able to generate sufficient revenue to offset related costs and expenses, and
      our overall financial performance and condition may be adversely affected.
      We have developed and acquired a portfolio of hotel brands globally across economy hotels to luxury
      hotels. Our brands include HanTing Hotel, Hi Inn, JI Hotel, Grand JI Hotel , Starway Hotel , Manxin Hotel ,
      Joya Hotel , Elan Hotel , Crystal Orange Hotel , Orange Hotel , Blossom House , Madison Hotel , Ni Hao Hotel,
      CitiGO Hotel , and Song Hotels . In January 2020, we completed the acquisition of Deutsche Hospitality,
      which operates in Europe, the Middle East, Asia and Africa under the brands of Steigenberger Hotels &
      Resorts, MAXX, Jaz in the City, IntercityHotel, and Zleep Hotels , as well as the luxury brand Steigenberger
      Icons . In addition to the hotel brands owned by us, we entered into a strategic alliance with Accor S.A., or
      Accor, in January 2016, and are developing certain Accor hotel brands in the PRC, Taiwan and Mongolia
      under our brand franchise agreements.


      We cannot guarantee the size and profitability of the various market segments that each new brand is
      targeting. The business models of these new brands are not proven, and we cannot guarantee that they
      can generate return comparable to the established brands. The process of developing new brands may
      divert management attention and resources from our established brands. We may not be able to find
      competent management staff to lead and manage the execution of the multi-brand business strategy. If
      we are unable to successfully execute our multi-brand strategy to target various market segments, we
      may be unable to generate revenues from these market segments in the amounts and by the times we
      anticipate, or at all, and our business, competitive position, financial condition and prospects may be
      adversely affected.


      We may not be able to successfully identify, secure and develop in a timely
      fashion additional hotel properties under the lease and ownership model
      or develop hotel properties in a timely or cost-efficient manner, which may
      adversely affect our growth strategy and business.
      We plan to open more hotels to grow our business. Under our lease and ownership model (other
      than Deutsche Hospitality) and the lease model of Deutsche Hospitality, we may not be successful
      in identifying and leasing or acquiring additional hotel properties at desirable locations and on
      commercially reasonable terms or at all. Even if we are able to successfully identify and acquire new hotel
      properties, new hotels may not generate the returns we expect. We may also incur costs in connection
      with evaluating hotel properties and negotiating with property owners, including properties that we
      are subsequently unable to lease or own. In addition, we may not be able to develop additional hotel
      properties in a timely fashion due to construction or regulatory delays. If we fail to successfully identify,
      secure or develop in a timely fashion additional hotel properties, our ability to execute our growth
      strategy could be impaired and our business and prospects may be materially and adversely affected.




168   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                                      RISK FACTORS


We develop a substantial majority of our leased and owned hotels directly. Our involvement in the
development of properties presents a number of risks, including construction delays or cost overruns,
which may result in increased project costs or lost revenue. We may be unable to recover development
costs we incur for projects that do not reach completion. Properties that we develop could become
less attractive due to market saturation or oversupply, and as a result we may not be able to recover
development costs at the expected rate, or at all. Furthermore, we may not have available cash
to complete projects that we have commenced, or we may be unable to obtain financing for the
development of future properties on favorable terms, or at all. If we are unable to successfully manage
our hotel development to minimize these risks, our growth strategies and business prospects may be
adversely affected.


Our leases could be terminated early, we may not be able to renew our
existing leases on commercially reasonable terms and our rents could
increase substantially in the future, which could materially and adversely
affect our operations.
The lease agreements between our lessors and us typically provide, among other things, that the leases
could be terminated under certain legal or factual conditions. If our leases were terminated early, our
operation of such properties may be interrupted or discontinued, and we may incur costs in relocating
our operations to other locations. Furthermore, we may have to pay losses and damages and incur other
liabilities to our customers and other vendors due to our default under our contracts. As a result, our
business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected.


We plan to retain the operation of our leased hotels upon lease expiration through (i) renewal of existing
leases or (ii) execution of franchise agreements with the lessors. We cannot assure you, however, that we
will be able to retain our hotel operation on satisfactory terms, or at all. In particular, we may experience
an increase in our rent payments and cost of revenues in connection with renegotiating our leases. If we
fail to retain our hotel operation on satisfactory terms upon lease expiration, our costs may increase, or
we may have to close the hotel, resulting in a decrease in our profit generated from the hotel operation in
the future. If we are unable to pass the increased costs on to our customers through room rate increases,
our operating margins and earnings could decrease, and our results of operations could be materially
and adversely affected.


We may not be able to successfully compete for franchise agreements and,
as a result, we may not be able to achieve our planned growth.
Our growth strategy includes expanding through manachising and franchising, by entering into franchise
agreements with our franchisees. We believe that our ability to compete for franchise agreements
primarily depends on our brand recognition and reputation, the results of our overall operations in
general, and the success of the hotels that we currently manachise and franchise. Other competitive
factors for franchise agreements include marketing support, capacity of the central reservation channel,
and the ability to operate hotels cost-effectively. The terms of any new franchise agreements that we
obtain also depend on the terms that our competitors offer for those agreements. In addition, if the
availability of suitable locations for new properties decreases, or regulatory planning or other local




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   169
      RISK FACTORS


      regulations change, the supply of suitable properties for our manachise and franchise models could be
      diminished. If the hotels that we manachise or franchise perform less successfully than those of our
      competitors or if we are unable to offer terms as favorable as those offered by our competitors, we may
      not be able to compete effectively for new franchise agreements. As a result, we may not be able to
      achieve our planned growth and our business and results of operations may be materially and adversely
      affected.


      We may have disputes with our franchisees, and they may terminate the
      franchise agreements with us earlier if the franchised hotels’ performance is
      worse than they expected.
      We may have disputes with our franchisees with respect to the performance of the franchise agreements.
      For example, we have in the past closed certain manachised and franchised hotels as a result of disputes
      with the franchisees regarding our measures to avoid competition between the franchisees, including
      keeping appropriate distances between the manachised and franchised hotels. Some franchisees were
      not satisfied with the performance of the hotel managers we appointed for our manachised hotels
      or generally the manachised or franchised hotels’ profitability or growth rates. Some franchisees
      complained that our loyalty program and other marketing efforts did not bring sufficient customers
      for their hotels. Our franchisees may also have disputes with us regarding other matters, such as the
      amount and settlement of fees payable by them and the adequacy of our operational support to them.
      In addition, our franchise agreements with franchisees typically provide that the franchise agreements
      could be terminated under certain circumstances. If franchise agreements are terminated early, we lose
      the franchise fees and related management fees. Furthermore, we may have to pay losses and damages
      to our guests, and our brand image may be adversely impacted. As a result, our business and results
      of operations and financial conditions may be adversely affected by early termination of our franchise
      agreements.


      We plan to renew our existing franchise agreements upon expiration. However, we may be unable to
      retain our franchisees on satisfactory terms, or at all. If a significant number of our existing franchise
      agreements are terminated early or are not renewed on satisfactory terms upon expiration, our revenue
      and profit may decrease in the future. If we cannot secure new franchisees to replace those expired
      or terminated franchises and compensate for the loss of business, our results of operations could be
      materially and adversely affected.


      Acquisitions, financial investments or strategic investments may have an
      adverse effect on our ability to manage our business and harm our results of
      operations and financial condition.
      If we are presented with appropriate opportunities, we may acquire or invest in businesses or assets.
      For example, in the past years, we invested in AAPC Hotel Management Limited and China Cjia Group
      Limited. We completed the acquisition of Crystal Orange, Blossom Hotel Management and Deutsche
      Hospitality. We also jointly established Yongle Huazhu Hotel & Resort Group with other partners to
      develop and operate hotels.




170   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                                        RISK FACTORS


The existing and future acquisitions or investments may expose us to potential risks, including risks
associated with unforeseen or hidden liabilities, risks that acquired or invested companies will not
achieve anticipated performance levels, diversion of management attention and resources from
our existing business, difficulty in integrating the acquired businesses with our existing operational
infrastructure, and inability to generate sufficient revenues to offset the costs and expenses of
acquisitions or investments. In addition, following completion of an acquisition or investment, our
management and resources may be diverted from their core business activities due to the integration
process, which diversion may harm the effective management of our business. Furthermore, it may
not be possible to achieve the expected level of benefits after integration and the actual cost of
delivering such benefits may exceed the anticipated cost. Potential risk exposures associated with
acquisition or investments, difficulties in business integration, and requirements of cost, expenses
and management attention may be more severe and unpredictable if international acquisitions and
investments are involved. Any difficulties encountered in the acquisition or investment and integration
process may have an adverse effect on our ability to manage our business and harm our results of
operations and financial condition. In addition, if we purchase shares from the open market, we may
experience volatility in our investments as the prices of such shares fluctuate frequently. For example,
we incurred loss from fair value changes of equity securities associated with shares we purchased from
the open market in the past. If a financial or strategic investment is unsuccessful, then in addition to
the diversion of management attention and resources from our existing business we may lose the value
of our investment, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of
operations.


Our legal right to lease certain properties could be challenged or affected
adversely by property owners or other third parties or subject to government
regulation.
Part of our business model relies on leases with third parties who either own or lease the properties
from the ultimate property owners. We also grant franchises to hotel operators who may or may not
own their hotel properties. The land use rights and other property rights with respect to properties we
currently lease, manachise or franchise for our existing hotels could be challenged. For example, our
lessors have failed to provide the property ownership certificates and/or the land use rights certificates
for certain properties that we lease for our hotel operations. While we have performed due diligence to
verify the rights of our lessors to lease such properties, including inspecting documentation issued by
competent regulatory authorities evidencing these lessors’ land use rights and other property rights with
respect to these properties, our rights under those leases could be challenged by other parties including
regulatory authorities. If the properties are deemed to be illegal constructions or the landlords do not
have the rights to lease the properties to us for hotel operations purposes, the landlords (instead of us,
as the lessee) may be subject to monetary penalties and the lease agreements may be invalidated. We
may therefore be required to relocate our relevant hotels. We also cannot assure you that we can always
keep good title of the properties we lease currently or will lease in the future, free and clear of all liens,
encumbrances and defects. If the ultimate owner of the property changes after the original owner of such
property mortgages such property to any third party, our legal rights under the lease agreement may be
affected adversely and we may not rank senior in the right of continuing occupying the property.




                                                                        H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   171
      RISK FACTORS


      Under PRC laws, lease agreements related to buildings and houses constructed on state-owned land and
      within urban zoning areas are required to be registered with the local housing bureau. While the majority
      of our standard lease agreements require the lessors to make such registrations, some of our leases
      have not been registered as required, which may expose both our lessors and us to potential monetary
      fines. Some of our rights under the unregistered leases may also be subordinated to the rights of other
      interested third parties. In addition, in some instances where our immediate lessors are not the ultimate
      owners of hotel properties, no consents or permits have been obtained from the owners, the primary
      lease holders or competent regulatory authorities, as applicable, for the subleases of the hotel properties
      to us, which could potentially impact the enforceability of our leases or lead to the renegotiation of such
      leases that result in terms less favorable to us or even relocation of our relevant hotels. In addition,
      even if such aforementioned consents or permits have been obtained, we cannot rule out any possible
      default by our immediate lessors (as sub-lessors) to the primary lease holders, which may lead to the
      termination of lease agreements between the sub-lessors and the primary lease holders. As a result,
      it could render the lease agreements between us and the sub-lessors unenforceable. Some of the
      properties we lease from third parties were also subject to mortgages at the time the leases were signed.
      Where consent to the lease has not been obtained from the mortgage holder in such circumstances,
      the lease may not be binding on the transferee of the property if the mortgage holder forecloses on the
      mortgage and transfers the property. Moreover, the property ownership or leasehold in connection with
      our manachised and franchised hotels could be subject to similar third-party challenges.


      In Germany, our hotels are operated on the legal basis of lease, management or franchise agreements.
      Some agreements for hotels located in Germany are concluded subject to conditions precedent or
      require a consent by a third party, such as authorities in case of local measurement areas (for example,
      re-development) or ground owners in case of a hereditary building right. There are no indications that
      these requirements have not been fulfilled; however, if not met, failure to meet these requirements could
      potentially invalidate the respective agreements or lead to the renegotiation of these agreements which
      could result in less favorable terms. Furthermore, provisions or parts of lease, management or franchise
      agreements may not be effective or may lead to legal disputes. This could lead to additional cost burdens
      for our hotel operations. In addition, some of our leases, management or franchise agreements contain
      break rights and rescission rights entitling the landlords to terminate the agreements on a certain date
      or upon the occurrence of certain events. Previously, German law required lease agreements with a fixed
      lease period of more than one year to be concluded in written form, excluding an ordinary termination
      right prior to the lapse of the lease period. However, as of January 1, 2025, the written-form requirement
      for lease agreements with a fixed lease period of more than one year has been replaced by a text-
      form requirement. This means that such lease agreements may now be concluded in text form, which
      encompasses, for instance, emails or other electronic documents. Following the expiry of a statutory
      transition period that applied to lease agreements entered into before January 1, 2025, the statutory
      text-form requirement now applies to all such lease agreements irrespective of the date on which they
      were concluded. As a result, the specific statutory risk that a lease agreement concluded before January
      1, 2025 could be ordinarily terminated solely due to a defect in the former written-form requirement no
      longer applies under the current legal regime. If the applicable text-form requirement is not complied
      with, the agreement may be treated as concluded for an indefinite period and may therefore be subject
      to ordinary termination in accordance with the statutory provisions. Similar issues, except for the former
      written-form defect, may occur in connection with our managed and franchised hotels.




172   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                                     RISK FACTORS


Any challenge to our legal rights to the properties used for our hotel operations, if successful, could
impair the development or operations of our hotels in such properties. We are also subject to the risk of
potential disputes with property owners or third parties who otherwise have rights to or interests in our
hotel properties. Such disputes, whether resolved in our favor or not, may divert management’s attention,
harm our reputation, or otherwise disrupt our business.


Any failure to comply with land- and property-related PRC laws and
regulations may negatively affect our ability to operate our hotels and we
may suffer significant losses as a result.
Our lessors are required to comply with various land- and property-related laws and regulations to
enable them to lease effective titles of their properties for our hotel use. For example, before any
properties located on state-owned land in China with allocated or leased land use rights or on land
owned by collective organizations may be leased to third parties, lessors should obtain appropriate
approvals from the competent regulatory authorities. In addition, properties used for hotel operations
and the underlying land should be approved for commercial use purposes by competent regulatory
authorities. Some of the lessors of our executed lease agreements have not obtained the required
regulatory approvals, including approvals of the properties for commercial use purposes. Such failure
may subject the lessors to monetary fines or other penalties and may lead to the invalidation or
termination of our leases and relocation of our relevant hotels, and therefore may adversely affect our
results of operations. While some lessors have agreed to indemnify us against our losses resulting from
their failure to obtain the required approvals, we cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully
enforce such indemnification obligations against our lessors or that such indemnification can cover
losses from all the property defects. As a result, we may suffer significant losses resulting from our
lessors’ failure to obtain required approvals to the extent that we are not fully indemnified by our lessors.


Our success could be adversely affected by the performance of our
manachised and franchised hotels and defaults or wrongdoings of our
franchisees may affect our reputation, which would adversely affect our
results of operations.
Our success could be adversely affected by the performance of our manachised and franchised hotels,
over which we have less control compared to our leased and owned hotels. As of December 31, 2025,
we manachised and franchised approximately 95.5% of our hotels, and we plan to further increase
the number of manachised and franchised hotels to increase our presence in China and our overseas
markets. Our franchisees for both our manachised and franchised hotels may not be able to develop
hotel properties on a timely basis, which could adversely affect our growth strategy and may impact our
ability to collect fees from them on a timely basis. Furthermore, given that our franchisees are typically
responsible for the costs of developing and operating the hotels, including renovating the hotels to
our standards, and all of the operating expenses, the quality of our manachised and franchised hotel
operations may be diminished by factors beyond our control.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   173
      RISK FACTORS


      Our franchisees may not successfully operate hotels in a manner consistent with our standards and
      requirements. Our manachised and franchised hotels are also operated under our brand names. If
      our brands are misused by any of our franchisees, there may be an adverse impact on our business
      reputation and brand image. In addition, like any operators in service-oriented industries, we are subject
      to customer complaints, and we may face complaints from unsatisfied customers who are unhappy
      with the standard of service offered by our franchisees. Any complaints, regardless of their nature and
      validity, may affect our reputation, thereby adversely affecting our results of operations. We may also
      have to incur additional costs in placating any customers or salvaging our reputation.


      If any of our franchisees defaults or commits wrongdoing, there could be situations where the franchisee
      is not in a position to sufficiently compensate us for losses which we have suffered as a result of such
      defaults or wrongdoings. While we ultimately can take action to terminate our franchise agreements that
      do not comply with the terms of our franchise agreements or commit wrongdoing, we may not be able
      to identify problems and make timely responses and, as a result, our image and reputation may suffer,
      which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.


      If we are unable to access funds to maintain our hotels’ condition and
      appearance, or if our franchisees fail to make investments necessary to
      maintain or improve their properties, the attractiveness of our hotels and
      our reputation could suffer, and our hotel occupancy rates may decline.
      In order to maintain our hotels’ condition and appearance, ongoing renovations and other leasehold
      improvements, including periodic replacement of furniture, fixtures and equipment, are required. In
      particular, we manachise and franchise properties leased or owned by franchisees under the terms
      of franchise agreements, substantially all of which require our franchisees to comply with standards
      that are essential to maintaining the relevant product integrity and our reputation. We depend on
      our franchisees to comply with these requirements by maintaining and improving properties through
      investments, including investments in furniture, fixtures, amenities and personnel.


      Such investments and expenditures require ongoing funding and, to the extent we or our franchisees
      cannot fund these expenditures from existing cash or cash flow generated from operations, we or our
      franchisees must borrow or raise capital through financing. We or our franchisees may not be able to
      access capital and our franchisees may be unwilling to spend available capital when necessary, even
      if required by the terms of our franchise agreements. If we or our franchisees fail to make investments
      necessary to maintain or improve the properties, our hotel’s attractiveness and reputation could suffer,
      we could lose market share to our competitors and our hotel occupancy rates and RevPAR may decline.




174   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                                     RISK FACTORS



Interruption or failure of our information systems or our business partners’
systems could impair our ability to effectively provide our services, which
could damage our reputation and subject us to penalties.
Our ability to provide consistent and high-quality services and to monitor our operations on a real-time
basis throughout our hotel group depends on the continued operation of our information technology
systems, including our web property management, central reservation, and customer relationship
management systems. Certain damage to or failure of our systems could interrupt our inventory
management, affect the manner of our services in terms of efficiency, consistency and quality, and
reduce our customer satisfaction.


Our technology platform plays a central role in our management of inventory, revenues, loyalty
program, and franchisees. We also rely on our call center and mobile application to facilitate customer
reservations. Our systems remain vulnerable to damage or interruption as a result of power loss,
telecommunications failures, computer viruses, fires, floods, earthquakes, interruptions in access to
our toll-free numbers, hacking or other attempts to harm our systems, and other similar events. Our
servers may also be vulnerable to break-ins, sabotage and vandalism. Some of our systems are not fully
redundant, and our disaster recovery planning does not account for all possible scenarios.


Furthermore, our systems and technologies, including our website and database, could contain
undetected errors or “bugs” that could adversely affect their performance, or could become outdated,
and we may not be able to replace or introduce upgraded systems as quickly as our competitors or within
budgeted costs for such upgrades. If we experience frequent, prolonged or persistent system failures,
our quality of services, customer satisfaction, and operational efficiency could be severely harmed, which
could also adversely affect our reputation. Steps we take to increase the reliability and redundancy of
our systems may be costly, which could reduce our operating margin, and there can be no assurance that
any increased reliability may be achievable in practice or would justify the costs incurred.


In addition, we collaborate with various business partners in our day-to-day operations, and our ability
to provide satisfactory services to customers also depends on the maintenance and efficacy of such
business partners’ systems, such as the maintenance of networks with necessary speed, bandwidth, and
stability. If any of our business partners’ systems encounter errors, “bugs” or other problems, our ability
to effectively provide our services may be adversely affected, our reputation may be harmed, and we may
also face customer complaints and be subject to fines and other penalties from competent authorities.


Failure to comply with data protection laws or maintain the integrity of
internal or customer data could result in harm to our reputation or subject
us to costs, liabilities, fines or lawsuits.
Our business involves collecting and retaining large volumes of internal and customer data, including
personal information as our various information technology systems enter, process, summarize and
report such data. We also maintain information about various aspects of our operations as well as
regarding our employees. The integrity and protection of our customer, employee and company data
is critical to our business. Our customers and employees expect that we will adequately protect their
personal information. We are required by applicable laws to keep strictly confidential the personal
information that we collect, and to take adequate security measures to safeguard such information.



                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   175
      RISK FACTORS


      The PRC regulatory and enforcement regime regarding privacy and data security is evolving and
      tightening:


      •      The PRC Criminal Law, as amended by its Amendment 7 (effective on February 28, 2009) and
             Amendment 9 (effective on November 1, 2015), prohibits institutions, companies and their
             employees from selling or otherwise illegally disclosing a citizen’s personal information obtained
             during the course of performing duties or providing services or obtaining such information through
             theft or other illegal ways.


      •      On November 7, 2016, the Standing Committee of the PRC NPC, issued the Cybersecurity Law of
             the PRC, which became effective on June 1, 2017. Pursuant to the Cybersecurity Law of the PRC,
             network operators must not, without users’ consent, collect their personal information, and may
             only collect users’ personal information necessary to provide their services. Providers are also
             obliged to provide security maintenance for their products and services and shall comply with
             provisions regarding the protection of personal information as stipulated under the relevant laws
             and regulations. In addition, pursuant to the Cybersecurity Law of the PRC, personal information
             and important data collected and generated by a CIIO in the course of its operations in China
             must be stored in China, and if a CIIO purchases internet products and services that affects or
             may affect national security, it should be subject to cybersecurity review by the Cyberspace
             Administration of China, or the CAC.


      •      In June 2021, the NPC Standing Committee promulgated the Data Security Law of the PRC,
             which took effect in September 2021. The Data Security Law of the PRC applies to data handling
             activities carried out within the territory of the PRC. The Data Security Law of the PRC further
             provides that data processing activities carried out outside of China, which harm national
             security, public interest or legal interests of Chinese citizens and organizations, should be
             subject to legal liabilities. Pursuant to the Data Security Law of the PRC, those conducting data
             handling activities should, in accordance with laws and regulations, establish and perfect a data
             security management system across their entire workflow and adopt the corresponding technical
             measures and other necessary measures to ensure data security.


      •      The Civil Code of the PRC (effective since January 1, 2021) provides the main legal basis for privacy
             and personal information infringement claims under the Chinese civil laws.


      •      The Personal Information Protection Law, which took effect on November 1, 2021, outlines the
             main system framework and comprehensive requirements for personal information processing.


      •      On July 2, 2021, the CAC announced that it had launched a cybersecurity review of DiDi Global, a
             company with its principal operations in China that had recently listed on the NASDAQ to prevent
             the risk of national data security breach and protect national security and public interest. The CAC
             then ordered the removal of DiDi’s app from China’s smartphone app stores. On July 5, 2021, the
             CAC announced the commencement of cybersecurity review of “Yunmanman,” “Huochebang” and
             “BOSS Zhipin” and suspended their registration of new users. Apart from that, on June 23, 2022,
             the CAC announced the commencement of cybersecurity review of “CNKI”, a Chinese academic
             resource database and knowledge service platform.




176   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                                   RISK FACTORS


•   On July 30, 2021, the State Council promulgated the Regulations on the Security Protection
    of Critical Information Infrastructure, which came into effect on September 1, 2021. Under
    such Regulations, critical information infrastructure refers to the important network facilities
    and information systems in crucial industries and fields such as public telecommunications,
    information services, energy, transportation, water conservancy, finance, public services,
    e-government and national defense science, technology and industry, as well as other important
    network facilities and information systems which, in case of destruction, loss of function or
    leak of data, may result in serious damage to national security, national economy, the people’s
    livelihood and public interests. According to such Regulations, a CIIO is required to perform certain
    obligations to protect the critical information infrastructure’s security, including but not limited
    to, conducting network security tests and risk assessments at least once a year. The security
    protection departments are responsible for organizing the identification of CIIOs in their respective
    industries and areas in accordance with the identification rules and shall inform the identification
    results to the operators of network facilities and information systems in a timely manner and in
    the meanwhile report such results to the public security department of the State Council. As of the
    date of this annual report, none of our company, or our operating subsidiaries has been identified
    as a CIIO by the CAC or other PRC regulatory authorities. Nevertheless, PRC regulatory authorities
    have wide discretion in the interpretation and enforcement of these laws. As a hotel management
    group operating a large hotel booking internet, we are still exposed to risks of being deemed to be
    a CIIO. If we are identified as a CIIO, we would be required to fulfill various obligations as required
    under applicable PRC laws for CIIOs, including, among others, setting up a special security
    management organization, organizing regular cybersecurity education and training, formulating
    emergency plans for cyber security incidents, and conducting regular emergency drills.


•   In December 2021, the CAC and related authorities promulgated the Cybersecurity Review
    Measures, or the Cybersecurity Measures, which took effect on February 15, 2022. According
    to the Cybersecurity Measures, a company is subject to cybersecurity review if it affects or may
    affect national security and falls under any of the following circumstances: (i) it is a CIIO who
    purchases network products and service, or (ii) it is a network platform operator who carries out
    data processing activities. In addition, any network platform operator possessing over one million
    users’ personal information must apply for a cybersecurity review before listing abroad. Relevant
    PRC regulatory authorities may also initiate cybersecurity review if they determine certain network
    products, services, or data processing activities affect or may affect national security.


•   On July 7, 2022, the CAC issued the Measures for the Security Assessment of Data Cross-border
    Transfer, or the Security Assessment Measures, which became effective on September 1, 2022.
    In accordance with the Security Assessment Measures, a data processor should apply to the
    CAC for a data export security assessment under certain circumstances, including (i) where a
    data processor provides important data abroad; (ii) where a CIIO or a data processor processing
    personal information of over one million people provides personal information abroad; (iii) where
    a data processor has provided personal information of 100,000 people or sensitive personal
    information of 10,000 people in total abroad since January 1 of the previous year; and (iv) other
    circumstances prescribed by the CAC. Moreover, the Security Assessment Measures provide that
    for non-compliant cross-border data transfers that had been carried out before this regulation
    came into effect, rectification must be completed within six months from the effective date of the
    regulation.




                                                                   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   177
      RISK FACTORS


      •      On February 22, 2023, the CAC issued the Measures for the Standard Contract for Outbound
             Transfer of Personal Information, which became effective on June 1, 2023. Pursuant to such
             regulation, entering into a CAC-formulated standard contract with the overseas data recipient is
             a pre-requisite for a data processor to transfer data abroad, if such data processor meets all of
             the following conditions: (i) it is not a CIIO; (ii) it processes personal information of fewer than one
             million individuals; (iii) it has cumulatively transferred personal information of fewer than 100,000
             individuals abroad since January 1 of the previous year; and (iv) it has cumulatively transferred
             sensitive personal information of fewer than 10,000 individuals abroad since January 1 of the
             previous year. Within ten (10) working days after the standard contract takes effect, the data
             processor should file the executed standard contract with the CAC.


      •      On March 22, 2024, the CAC enacted the official Cross-Border Data Flows Provisions, according to
             which a company is exempted from applying for the data export security assessment, submitting
             the standard contract filing, or obtaining the compliance certification when the cumulative
             number of the individuals’ information that a data processor (other than CIIO) transferred abroad
             in a year since January 1 is smaller than 100,000 individuals and no sensitive personal information
             is included. Exemption also applies to scenarios where it is really necessary to provide personal
             information abroad for the purpose of concluding or performing a contract to which an individual
             concerned is a party, such as hotel reservation.


      •      On September 24, 2024, the State Council formally issued the Cyber Data Security Regulations,
             which became effective on January 1, 2025, stipulating that where network data handlers carry
             out network data processing activities that affect or may affect national security, they should
             undergo a national security review in accordance with relevant national regulations. The Cyber
             Data Security Regulations optimize regulations for cross-border data security management,
             specifying conditions under which network data processors may provide personal information
             abroad in accordance with international treaties or agreements. The regulations clarify that data
             not identified or publicly disclosed as important data by relevant regions or departments need not
             undergo cross-border security assessments for important data. Further, the Cyber Data Security
             Regulations set forth network data security protection requirements for network platform service
             providers, third-party product and service providers, and other relevant entities.


      •      On October 28, 2025, the Standing Committee of the NPC adopted the amendments to the
             Cybersecurity Law, effective on January 1, 2026. The amendments significantly increase penalties
             for violations, with maximum fines of up to RMB10 million for companies and RMB1 million for
             responsible individuals in cases involving particularly serious consequences. They also introduce
             a legal framework for artificial intelligence governance and clarify that network operators must
             process personal information in compliance with relevant laws. Failure to comply may subject
             network operators to substantial fines, regulatory sanctions, and reputational harm.


      •      On September 11, 2025, the Cyberspace Administration of China promulgated the Measures for
             the Administration of National Cybersecurity Incident Reporting, which took effect on November 1,
             2025. These measures require that network operators engaged in network construction, operation,
             or network-based service provision within the territory of the People’s Republic of China shall
             report cybersecurity incidents in accordance with the provisions thereof once such incidents
             occur. In particular, for cybersecurity incidents at or above the “relatively significant level”,
             network operators shall promptly report to the local provincial-level cyberspace administration
             department, and in any event, such reporting shall not be delayed for more than four hours.

178   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                                    RISK FACTORS


We have implemented comprehensive cybersecurity and data protection policies, procedures and
measures to safeguard personal information and ensure secured storage and transmission of data and
prevent unauthorized access or use of data. As of the date of this annual report, except for receiving
the written decision from the CAC approving the cross-border data transfers required for overseas hotel
reservation, we have not received any notice of and are not currently subject to any proceedings initiated
by the CAC or any other PRC regulatory authority. However, we cannot guarantee that the regulators will
recognize our measures as sufficient. As there remains significant uncertainty in the interpretation and
enforcement of China’s laws and regulations in relation to data security and cross-border transfer of
personal information, we cannot assure you that we will be able to comply with such regulations in all
respects. Any non-compliance with these laws and regulations may subject us to fines, orders to rectify
or terminate any actions that are deemed illegal by regulatory authorities, other penalties, including
reputational damage, legal proceedings against us, which may affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations.


PRC regulators, including the NPC Standing Committee, the CAC, the Ministry of Industry and Information
Technology and the Ministry of Public Security, have been increasingly focused on the regulation of data
security and data protection. The interpretation, application and enforcement of these laws, rules and
regulations evolve from time to time and their scope may change continually through new legislation,
amendments to existing legislation and changes in enforcement. We expect that these areas will receive
greater and continued attention and scrutiny from regulators and the public going forward, which could
cause us to incur substantial compliance costs and subject us to heightened risks and challenges
associated with data security and protection. If we are unable to manage these risks, we could become
subject to civil litigation brought by relevant individuals, administrative penalties, including fines,
suspension of business, website closure, and revocation of prerequisite licenses, and criminal penalties
in severe violation of relevant legal requirements, and our reputation and results of operations could be
materially and adversely affected.


In addition, after our acquisition of Deutsche Hospitality, the European Union has become an important
region for our data protection compliance. European data protection laws, in particular the Regulation
(EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing
of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (GDPR)
(complemented by EU Member States Law on data protection such as the German Federal Data
Protection Act), include strict rules on the processing of personal data, including the transfer of data
from the European Union to China or other third countries. Under the GDPR, any personal data may be
used only if there is a legal justification (which could be a consent or an express statutory justification
set out in the GDPR or other applicable EU or national laws), and the principles relating to processing
of personal data (see Art. 5 GDPR) must be fulfilled. Deutsche Hospitality has taken various technical
and organizational measures, which are regularly reviewed and updated, to stay compliant, including
appointment of a data protection officer and a special data protection working group, regulation of data
processes, risk management assessment, preparation of relevant documentation and training. We also
put high emphasis on proper dealing with data subject rights requests, i.e., the requests of customers,
employees and other natural persons regarding our use of their data. We, including Deutsche Hospitality,
take GDPR requirements and, in particular, data subject rights requests very seriously. However,
we cannot guarantee that we are fully compliant in this complex area where many items are still
unclear. This includes, in particular, international data transfers which are a complex topic in general.
Theoretically, fines for a violation of the GDPR can amount up to 4% of the global turnover of the whole
group.



                                                                    H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   179
      RISK FACTORS


      There is no guarantee that our current security measures and those of our third-party service providers
      will always be adequate for the protection of our customer, employee or company data, and we must
      continuously evaluate and adapt our security measures in light of evolving threats. Like all companies
      that handle significant volumes of data, we have experienced data incidents from time to time. In
      addition, given the size of our customer base and the types and volume of personal data on our systems,
      we may be a particularly attractive target. Unauthorized access to our proprietary internal and customer
      data may be obtained through break-ins, sabotage, breach of our secure network by an unauthorized
      party, computer viruses, computer denial-of-service attacks, employee theft or misuse, breach of
      the security of the networks of our third-party service providers, or other misconduct. The techniques
      used by malicious actors to obtain unauthorized access to, or to sabotage, systems and networks
      change frequently and have grown more sophisticated over time, and such techniques generally are
      not recognized until launched against a target. As a result, we may be unable to anticipate these
      techniques or to implement adequate preventive measures in a timely manner. Unauthorized access
      to our proprietary internal and customer data may also be obtained through inadequate use of security
      controls. We may face future litigations, customer complaints, or regulatory inquiries or investigations
      with respect to any failure to comply with applicable data protection laws or to maintain the integrity
      of internal or customer data. Any of such disputes or proceedings could be time-consuming and costly
      to defend, result in negative publicity, and harm our reputation and adversely affect our business and
      results of operations. Even in the absence of formal disputes or proceedings, we may be subject to
      negative publicity regarding our security and privacy policies, systems or measurements from time to
      time.


      The laws and regulations applicable to security and privacy are becoming increasingly important globally.
      Complying with any additional or new regulatory requirements on a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis
      would continue to impose significant burdens and costs on our operations. Any failure to prevent or
      mitigate security breaches, cyber-attacks or other unauthorized access to our systems or disclosure of
      our customers’ data, including their personal information, could result in loss or misuse of such data,
      interruptions to our service system, diminished customer experience, loss of customer confidence and
      trust, impairment of our technology infrastructure, and harm our reputation and business, resulting in
      significant legal and financial exposure and potential lawsuits.


      If the value of our brand or image diminishes, it could have a material
      adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
      We offer multiple hotel products that are designed to target distinct segments of customers. Our
      continued success in maintaining and enhancing our brands and image depends, to a large extent, on
      our ability to satisfy customer needs by further developing and maintaining our innovative and distinctive
      products and maintaining consistent quality of services across our hotel group, as well as our ability
      to respond to competitive pressures. If we are unable to do so, our occupancy rates may decline, which
      could in turn adversely affect our results of operations. Our business may also be adversely affected if
      our public image or reputation were to be diminished by the operations of any of our hotels, whether due
      to unsatisfactory service, accidents or otherwise. If the value of our products or image is diminished or if
      our products do not continue to be attractive to customers, our business and results of operations may
      be materially and adversely affected.




180   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                                         RISK FACTORS



Failure to protect our tradenames and trademarks as well as other
intellectual property rights could have a negative impact on our brands and
adversely affect our business.
The success of our business depends in part upon our continued ability to use our brands, trade names
and trademarks to increase brand awareness and to further develop our products. As of December 31,
2025, we registered 3,898 trademarks within and outside China. The unauthorized reproduction of our
trademarks could diminish the value of our brands and their market acceptance, competitive advantages
or goodwill. In addition, we consider our proprietary information systems and operational system to be
key components of our competitive advantage and our growth strategy.


Monitoring and preventing the unauthorized use of our intellectual property is difficult. The measures
we take to protect our brands, trade names, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights may
not be adequate to prevent their unauthorized use by third parties. Furthermore, the application of
laws governing intellectual property rights in China and other jurisdictions is evolving and could involve
substantial risks to us. In particular, the laws and enforcement procedures in the PRC are uncertain and
do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as do the laws and enforcement procedures
in the United States and other developed countries. If we are unable to adequately protect our brands,
trade names, trademarks and other intellectual property rights, we may lose these rights and our
business may suffer materially.


We may also be subject to claims for infringement, invalidity, or indemnification relating to third parties’
intellectual property rights. Regardless of their merits, such third-party claims may be time-consuming
and costly to defend, divert management attention and resources, or require us to enter into licensing
agreements, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all.


If we are not able to retain, hire and train qualified managerial and other
employees, our business may be materially and adversely affected.
Our managerial and other employees manage our hotels and interact with our customers on a daily basis.
They are critical to maintaining the quality and consistency of our services as well as our established
brands and reputation. In general, employee turnover, especially in lower-level positions, is relatively
high in the lodging industry. As a result, it is important for us to retain as well as attract qualified
managerial and other employees who are experienced in lodging or other consumer-service industries.
There is a limited supply of such qualified individuals in cities where we have operations and other cities
into which we intend to expand. In addition, we need to hire qualified managerial and other employees on
a timely basis to keep pace with our rapid growth while maintaining consistent quality of services across
our hotels in various geographic locations. We must also provide training to our managerial and other
employees so that they have up-to-date knowledge of various aspects of our hotel operations and can
meet our demand for high-quality services. If we fail to do so, the quality of our services may decrease,
which in turn, may have a material adverse effect on our business.




                                                                        H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   181
      RISK FACTORS



      Our current employment practices may be adversely impacted under the
      applicable labor laws.
      The NPC promulgated the Labor Contract Law of the PRC (the “Labor Contract Law”) in 2007, which took
      effect in 2008, and amended it on December 28, 2012. The Labor Contract Law imposes requirements
      concerning, among others, the execution of written contracts between employers and employees, the
      time limits for probationary periods, and the length of fixed-term employment contracts. Because the
      PRC regulatory authorities have introduced various new labor-related regulations since the effectiveness
      of the labor contract law, and the interpretation and implementation of these regulations are still
      evolving, our employment practices could violate the Labor Contract Law and related regulations and
      could be subject to related penalties, fines or legal fees. If we are subject to severe penalties or incur
      significant legal fees in connection with labor law disputes or investigations, our business, financial
      condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. In addition, a significant number of
      our employees are dispatched from third-party human resources companies, which are responsible
      for managing, among others, payrolls, social insurance contributions and local residency permits of
      these employees. According to a regulation on labor dispatch, which was promulgated in January
      2014 to implement the provisions of the labor contract law, a company is permitted to use dispatched
      employees for only up to 10% of its labor force after February 29, 2016. To comply with the labor
      dispatch regulation, we have reduced the percentage of dispatched employees since January 2014 by
      using service outsourcing arrangement. Under the service outsourcing arrangement, we have entered
      into service outsourcing agreements with a service outsourcing firm and relevant employees are deemed
      as employees of this service outsourcing firm. However, since the current labor dispatch regulation
      does not clearly define the distinction of labor dispatch and service outsourcing, our service outsourcing
      arrangement may be considered as labor dispatch by the relevant PRC regulators.


      In addition, according to the Labor Contract Law and its implementing rules, if we intend to enforce the
      non-compete provision with our employees in the employment contracts or confidentiality agreements,
      we have to compensate our employees on a monthly basis during the term of the restriction period after
      the termination or ending of the employment contract, which may cause extra expenses to us.


      In Germany, our business is subject to various labor-related statutory regulations. For example, there
      are restrictions regarding the assignment and use of temporary agency workers under the German
      Temporary Agency Work Act (Arbeitnehmerüberlassungsgesetz). The interpretation of the amended
      regulations is still evolving. It is possible that we may be responsible for non-compliant assignments of
      temporary-agency workers, even if the root cause of the non-compliance lies with the temporary-work
      agency engaged by us. We could therefore be subject to related fines or temporary-agency workers could
      be deemed to be our employees by fiction. If we are subject to severe fines or incur significant legal fees
      in connection with labor law disputes or investigations, our business, financial condition and results of
      operations may be adversely affected.


      In addition, our employment practices in other jurisdictions are also subject to changes in applicable
      labor law. If we are found to have violated any other applicable labor law requirements, we may be
      subject to fines or other penalties, which could in turn negatively affect our reputation and results of
      operations, and disputes with our employees could interrupt our business operations.




182   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                                       RISK FACTORS



Failure to retain our management team could harm our business.
We place substantial reliance on the experience and the institutional knowledge of members of our
current management team. Mr. Qi Ji, our founder and chairman of the board, Mr. Hui Jin, our chief
executive officer, Mr. Arthur Yu, our chief financial officer, and other members of the management team
are particularly important to our future success due to their substantial experiences in lodging and other
consumer-service industries. Finding suitable replacements for Mr. Qi Ji, Mr. Hui Jin, Mr. Arthur Yu and
other members of our management team could be difficult, and competition for such personnel of similar
experience is intense. The loss of the services of one or more members of our management team due to
their departures or otherwise could hinder our ability to effectively manage our business and implement
our growth strategies.


We are subject to various laws and regulations, including franchise, hotel
industry, construction, hygiene, health and safety environmental, anti-
monopoly, consumer rights protection, and advertising laws and regulations,
which may subject us to liability.
Our business is subject to various compliance and operational requirements under PRC laws and
regulations. For example, we are required to complete the filing and submit annual reports with
the MOFCOM, to engage in the hotel franchising business. In addition, each of our hotels in China is
required to obtain a special industry license from the local public security authority and complete fire
prevention safety inspection/commitment with the local fire and rescue department, to have hotel
operations included in the business scope of its business license, to obtain hygiene permits, and to
comply with license requirements and laws and regulations with respect to construction permit, zoning,
fire prevention, public area hygiene, food safety, public safety, and environmental protection. We are
also subject to anti-monopoly, advertising, consumer rights protection, and other laws and regulations.
See “Business Overview – Regulation – Regulations on Hotel Operation.” If we fail to comply with any
applicable laws and regulations, including franchise, hotel industry, construction, hygiene, health and
safety environmental, anti-monopoly, consumer rights protection, and advertising laws and regulations
related to our business, we may be subject to investigations, potentially significant monetary damages
and fines, order for rectification, or the suspension of our operations or development activities, as well
as bad publicities. Furthermore, new laws and regulations could also require us to retrofit or modify our
hotels or incur other significant expenses.


New zoning plans or regulations applicable to a specific location may cause us to relocate our hotel(s)
in that location or require additional approvals and licenses that may not be granted to us promptly
or at all, which may adversely affect our operating results. Any failure by us to control the use of, or to
adequately restrict the discharge of, hazardous substances in our development activities, or to otherwise
operate in compliance with environmental laws could also subject us to potentially significant monetary
damages and fines or the suspension of our hotel development activities or hotel operations, which
could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Some of our hotels
are not in full compliance with all of the applicable requirements. Such failure to comply with applicable
construction permit, environmental, fire prevention, health and safety laws and regulations related to
our business and hotel operation may subject us to potentially significant monetary damages and fines
or the suspension of operations and development activities of our company or related hotels. We could
be subject to any challenges or other actions with respect to such non-compliance.



                                                                       H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   183
      RISK FACTORS


      Our manachised and franchised hotels are subject to the same permit and safety requirements. Although
      our franchise agreements require these franchisees to obtain and maintain all required permits or
      licenses, we have limited control over these franchisees. Any failure to obtain and maintain the required
      permits or licenses by any franchisee of a manachised or franchised hotel may require us to delay
      opening of the manachised or franchised hotel or to forgo or terminate our franchise agreement, which
      could harm our brand, result in lost revenues and subject us to potential indirect liability.


      In particular, the implementation of our strategy of investing in a competing business could be
      adversely affected by uncertainties in the implementation and enforcement of the amended PRC Anti-
      Monopoly Law, which came into effect on August 1, 2022. Under the Anti-Monopoly Law, any mergers,
      acquisitions, establishment of joint ventures, or other transactions resulting in change of control may
      be deemed as “concentrations of undertakings” in China and the relevant undertaking(s) must notify
      the State Administration for Market Regulation, or the SAMR, with the transaction before implementing
      the transaction if certain turnover thresholds are met. The SAMR will consider numerous factors in
      determining “control” based. In practice, any newly established joint venture under the joint control of at
      least two undertakings also constitutes a concentration of undertakings. Because of the uncertainties
      in interpretation, implementation, and enforcement of the Anti-Monopoly Law, we cannot assure you
      that the SAMR will not regard our past or future acquisitions or investments, to have met the filing
      thresholds, or investigate or demand a filing for merger control review, or otherwise take enforcement
      actions. The amended Anti-Monopoly Law has significantly increased the penalties for failing to notify
      with SAMR. On March 24, 2023, the SAMR issued four implementing rules of the Anti-Monopoly Law,
      including the Provisions on the Review of Concentration of Undertakings, which came into effect on
      April 15, 2023. The implementing rules strengthen the enforcement of merger control reviews but still
      remain silent on the specific factors to be considered in determination of “control”, which gives the
      SAMR great discretion and may result in investigations into our acquisition or investment transactions
      conducted in the past and make our acquisition transactions in the future more difficult. Our strategic
      investments, including our past and future transactions, may be subject to SAMR’s scrutiny from the
      anti-monopoly perspective from time to time. There can be no assurance as to whether the SAMR will
      impose any administrative penalties or other restrictive measures on us or any relevant parties for our
      strategic investments. If we are deemed to have carried out a concentration of undertakings in violation
      of the Anti-Monopoly Law, in each incident, we could be subject to a fine of up to RMB5,000,000 where
      such concentration does not have the effect of excluding or restricting competition, or penalties of
      being ordered to cease the concentration and unwind the transaction and being imposed with other
      restrictive measures to restore the pre-concentration market status, or be subject to a fine of up to 10%
      of our sales revenue from the previous year where such concentration has had or may have the effect of
      excluding or restricting competition. Our businesses in Europe and other jurisdictions are also subject
      to local anti-monopoly requirements and the business activities have to comply with various compliance
      and operational requirements, including inter alia, regulations for customer and data protection, as well
      as regulations with respect to health, safety and fire protection and hygiene requirements. Compliance
      with these regulations and adaptions to new regulations could potentially increase the cost of operating
      our business and lead to additional expenses.




184   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                                     RISK FACTORS



We could suffer impairment losses for our intangible assets.
We had net intangible assets of RMB4,776 million and RMB5,028 million (US$719 million) as of December
31, 2024 and 2025, respectively. Our intangible assets consist primarily of brand names, master brand
agreements, franchise or manachise agreements, and our purchased software.


Brand names and master brand agreements are considered to have indefinite lives. We test indefinite
useful life intangible assets at least annually for impairment, and more frequently if events or changes
in circumstances indicate that they might be impaired. Our other intangible assets are considered to be
finite useful life intangible assets. We evaluate finite life intangibles for impairment whenever events
or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. If
such an adverse event occurs and has the effect of changing one of the critical assumptions or estimates
related to the fair value of our intangible assets, an impairment charge could result.


We recorded impairment loss of RMB391 million and RMB2 million (US$0.3 million) for the years ended
December 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively. The extent, magnitude and duration of multiple factors, such
as market conditions, changes in business factors, and adjustments to our strategies, may change the
assumptions and estimates used in the indefinite useful life intangible assets valuation, which could
result in future impairment charges. There can be no assurance that future reviews of intangible assets
will not result in significant impairment charges. Although it does not affect cash flow, an impairment
charge will have the effect of decreasing our earnings, assets, and shareholders’ equity.


We may suffer impairment losses for our goodwill.
We have acquired businesses from time to time, which have resulted in the recognition of goodwill on our
financial statements. We had goodwill of RMB5,221 million and RMB5,428 million (US$776 million) as of
December 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively. Goodwill is tested for impairment annually or more frequently
if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might be impaired. Factors that could lead to
impairment of goodwill include significant adverse changes in the business climate, unanticipated
changes in the competitive environment, adverse legal or regulatory actions or developments, changes in
clients’ perception and the reputation of our brands, changes in interest rates, our strategic realignment,
unfavorable changes in our stock price and market capitalization, and deterioration in our financial
condition.


Our financial and operating performance may be adversely affected by
epidemics, adverse weather conditions, natural disasters and other
catastrophes.
Our financial and operating performance may be adversely affected by epidemics, adverse weather
conditions, natural disasters and other catastrophes, particularly in locations where we operate a large
number of hotels.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   185
      RISK FACTORS


      Our business could be materially and adversely affected by the outbreak of swine influenza, avian
      influenza, severe acute respiratory syndrome, COVID-19, or other epidemics. For example, in recent
      years, there have been reports on the occurrences of avian influenza in various parts of China, Europe,
      and other countries and regions that we operate, including hundreds of confirmed human deaths. In
      addition, the COVID-19 pandemic had caused material disruptions to our business operations in China
      and Europe since early 2020 till early 2023. Though we have witnessed strong recovery in our operations
      in both China and Europe since 2023, the ultimate effects of the COVID-19 due to its unprecedented
      nature remains uncertain and unpredictable. Even if the pandemic diminishes, its global economic
      repercussions, including any resulting recession, could continue to adversely affect our business.
      Therefore, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or any similar health epidemic on our business is
      uncertain and could be substantial. Losses caused by epidemics, adverse weather conditions, natural
      disasters and other catastrophes, including earthquakes or typhoons, are either uninsurable or too
      expensive to justify insuring against in China, Europe, and other countries and regions that we operate.
      In the event an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits occurs, we could lose all or a portion of
      the capital we have invested in a hotel, as well as the anticipated future revenues from the hotel. In that
      event, we might nevertheless remain obligated for any financial commitments related to the hotel.


      Similarly, war (including the potential of war), terrorist activity (including threats of terrorist activity),
      social unrest and heightened travel security measures instituted in response, travel-related accidents,
      as well as geopolitical uncertainty and international conflict, will affect travel and may in turn have a
      material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. In addition, we may not be adequately
      prepared in contingency planning or recovery capability in relation to a major incident or crisis, and as
      a result, our operational continuity may be adversely and materially affected and our reputation may be
      harmed.


      Our limited insurance coverage may expose us to losses, which may have a
      material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, and
      results of operations.
      We carry all mandatory and certain optional commercial insurance, including property, business
      interruption, third-party liability, public liability and employer’s liability insurance for our leased and
      owned hotel operations. We also require our lessors, franchisees and contractors to purchase customary
      insurance policies. Although we require our franchisees to obtain the requisite insurance coverage
      through our franchisees management, we cannot guarantee that our franchisees will adhere to such
      requirements. In particular, there are inherent risks of accidents or injuries in hotels. One or more
      accidents or injuries at any of our hotels could adversely affect our safety reputation among customers
      and potential customers, decrease our overall occupancy rates and increase our costs by requiring us to
      take additional measures to make our safety precautions even more visible and effective. In the future,
      we may be unable to renew our insurance policies or obtain new insurance policies without increases in
      cost or decreases in coverage levels. We may also encounter disputes with insurance providers regarding
      payments of claims that we believe are covered under our policies. Furthermore, if we are held liable for
      amounts and claims exceeding the limits of our insurance coverage or outside the scope of our insurance
      coverage, our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and
      adversely affected.




186   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                                         RISK FACTORS



If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial
reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or
prevent fraud.
We are subject to reporting obligations under the U.S. securities laws. The Securities and Exchange
Commission, or the SEC, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-
Oxley Act, adopted rules requiring every public company to include in its annual report a management
report on such company’s internal control over financial reporting containing management’s assessment
of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting. In addition, an independent registered
public accounting firm must attest to and report on the effectiveness of such company’s internal control
over financial reporting except where the company is a non-accelerated filer. We currently are a large
accelerated filer.


In connection with the preparation of this annual report, we carried out an evaluation of the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Based on this assessment and evaluation,
our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of
December 31, 2025. Our independent registered public accounting firm has issued an attestation report
as of December 31, 2025. See “Management Discussion and Analysis – Controls and Procedures –
Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm.” However, if we fail to maintain effective
internal control over financial reporting in the future, our management and our independent registered
public accounting firm may not be able to conclude that we have effective internal control over financial
reporting. This could in turn result in the loss of investor confidence in the reliability of our financial
statements and negatively impact the trading prices of our ADSs and/or ordinary shares. Furthermore,
we have incurred and anticipate that we will continue to incur considerable costs, management time
and other resources in an effort to continue to comply with Section 404 and other requirements of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act.


We, our directors, management and employees may be subject to certain
risks related to legal proceedings filed by or against us, and adverse results
may harm our business.
We cannot predict with certainty the cost of defense, the cost of prosecution or the ultimate outcome
of litigation and other proceedings filed by or against us, our directors, management or employees,
including remedies or damage awards, and adverse results in such litigation and other proceedings may
harm our business or reputation. Such litigation and other proceedings may include, but are not limited
to, actions relating to intellectual property, commercial arrangements, leased properties, share transfer,
employment, non-competition fiduciary duties, personal injury, death, property damage, or other harm
resulting from acts or omissions by individuals or entities outside of our control, including franchisees
and third-party property owners. For example, as of December 31, 2025, we had some pending legal,
administrative and arbitration proceedings, including lease contract disputes, franchise agreement
disputes and labor disputes. Moreover, in the case of intellectual property litigation and proceedings,
adverse outcomes could include the cancellation, invalidation or other loss of material intellectual
property rights used in our business and injunctions prohibiting our use of business processes or
technology that is subject to third-party patents or other third-party intellectual property rights.




                                                                        H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   187
      RISK FACTORS


      We generally are not liable for the willful actions of our franchisees and property owners; however, there
      is no assurance that we would be insulated from liability in all cases.


      RISKS RELATED TO DOING BUSINESS IN CHINA
      We are subject to many of the economic and political risks associated with
      emerging markets due to our operations in China.
      With global presence, including but not limited to Europe, the Middle East and the Southeast Asia, we
      conduct a substantial portion of our business and operations in China. As the lodging industry is highly
      sensitive to business and personal discretionary spending levels, it tends to decline during general
      economic downturns. Accordingly, our results of operations, financial condition and prospects are
      subject to a significant degree to economic developments in China. The PRC regulatory authorities
      have implemented various measures to encourage economic development and guide the allocation
      of resources. While some of these measures benefit the overall PRC economy, they may also have a
      negative effect on us. For example, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely
      affected by regulatory control over capital investments or changes in environmental, health, labor, or tax
      regulations that are applicable to us.


      As the PRC economy is increasingly intricately linked to the global economy, it is affected in various
      respects by downturns and recessions of major economies around the world, such as the global financial
      crisis and sovereign debt crisis in Europe. Stimulus measures designed to help China weather the
      global financial crisis may contribute to higher inflation, which could adversely affect our results of
      operations and financial condition. For example, certain operating costs and expenses, such as employee
      compensation and hotel operating expenses, may increase as a result of higher inflation. Measures to
      control the pace of economic growth may cause a decrease in the level of economic activity in China,
      which in turn could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, the PRC
      regulators exercise influence over China’s economic growth through its allocation of resources, control
      of payment of foreign currency-denominated obligations, monetary policy, and preferential treatment for
      particular industries or companies where the regulators deem appropriate to further regulatory, political
      and societal goals. Certain measures adopted by the PRC regulatory authorities, such as changes of the
      People’s Bank of China’s statutory deposit reserve ratio and lending guideline imposed on commercial
      banks, may restrict loans to certain industries. The State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or “SAFE”,
      and the relevant Chinese banks where our operating subsidiaries or VIEs in China opened bank accounts
      may adopt restrictions on the cross-border payment obligations and dividends repatriation made by
      these subsidiaries or VIEs by way of “window guidance” measures. These actions, as well as future
      actions and policies, could materially affect our liquidity and access to capital and our ability to operate
      our business. There have also been concerns about the relationships among China and other Asian
      countries, the relationship between China and the United States, as well as the relationship between the
      United States and certain Asian countries such as North Korea, which may result in or intensify potential
      conflicts in relation to territorial, regional security and trade disputes. Specifically, deterioration in
      political conditions and abrupt changes in Sino-U.S. relations are difficult to predict and could adversely
      affect China’s overall economic and market conditions and consequently our business, operating results
      and financial condition. Any ongoing controversies between the United States and China, whether or not
      related to our business, could cause investors to be unwilling to hold or buy our ADSs and consequently
      cause the trading price of our ADSs to decline.




188   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                                     RISK FACTORS


Any adverse changes in economic conditions in China, or in the laws and regulations and the policies in
China could have a material adverse effect on the overall economic growth of China. Such developments
could adversely affect our business and operating results, leading to reduction in demand for our
services and solutions and adversely affect our competitive position. An economic downturn, whether
actual or perceived, a further decrease in economic growth rates or an otherwise uncertain economic
outlook in China could have a material adverse effect on business and consumer spending and, as a
result, adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.


Inflation in China may disrupt our business and have an adverse effect on
our financial condition and results of operations.
The Chinese economy has experienced rapid expansion together with rising rates of inflation and
increasing salaries. Salary increases could potentially increase discretionary spending on travel, but
general inflation may also erode disposable incomes and consumer spending. Furthermore, certain
components of our operating costs, including personnel, food, laundry, consumables, property
development and renovation costs, may increase as a result of an increase in the cost of materials and
labor resulting from general inflation. However, we cannot guarantee that we can pass increased costs
to customers through room rate increases. This could adversely impact our business, financial condition
and results of operations.


Developments in the interpretation and enforcement of PRC laws and
regulations could limit the legal protections available to you and us.
China is one of our major markets and most of our operations are conducted in the PRC through our
PRC subsidiaries, and are governed by PRC laws, rules and regulations. The PRC legal system is based
on written statutes. It is a system in which prior court decisions have limited value as precedents. Our
PRC subsidiaries and the VIEs are subject to various PRC laws and regulations generally applicable to
companies in China. However, these laws and regulations are relatively new, and the PRC legal system
continues to rapidly evolve.


In particular, PRC laws and regulations concerning the lodging industry are developing and evolving.
The PRC governmental authorities may promulgate new laws and regulations regulating the lodging
industries. We cannot assure you that our business operations would not be deemed to violate any such
new PRC laws or regulations. Moreover, developments in the lodging industry may lead to changes in PRC
laws, regulations and policies or in the interpretation and application of existing laws, regulations and
policies, which in turn may limit or restrict us, and could materially and adversely affect our business
and operations.


Besides, the PRC is geographically large and divided into various provinces and municipalities and, as
such, different laws, rules, regulations and policies may have different and varying applications and
interpretations in different parts of the PRC.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   189
      RISK FACTORS


      From time to time, we may have to rely on administrative and court proceedings to enforce our legal
      rights. However, since the PRC administrative and court authorities have discretion in interpreting and
      implementing statutory and contractual terms, these types of uncertainties, including uncertainty over
      the scope and effect of our contractual, property (including intellectual property) and procedural rights,
      and any failure to respond to changes in the regulatory environment in China, could materially and
      adversely affect our business and impede our ability to continue our operations, and may further affect
      the legal remedies and protections available to investors, which may, in turn, adversely affect the value
      of your investment.


      Regulatory developments in China may subject us to additional regulatory
      review and disclosure requirements, expose us to government influence,
      or otherwise restrict or completely hinder our ability to offer securities
      and raise capital outside China, which could adversely affect our business
      operations and cause the value of our securities to significantly decline or
      become worthless.
      As our business is primarily conducted in China, we are exposed to legal and other risks associated with
      our operations in China. The PRC regulators have authority to exert influence on the ability of a company
      with operations in China, including us, to conduct its business, and may exert influence over the manner
      our operations. Any actions by the PRC regulators to exert more oversight over offerings that are
      conducted overseas or foreign investment in companies having operations in China, including us, could
      significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors,
      and cause the value of our securities to significantly decline or become worthless. Over the past few
      years, the PRC regulators initiated a series of regulatory actions and statements to regulate business
      operations in China, including cracking down on illegal activities in the securities market, enhancing
      supervision over China-based companies listed overseas, adopting new measures to extend the scope
      of cybersecurity reviews, adopting new laws and regulations related to data security, and expanding
      the efforts in anti-monopoly enforcement. While we do not believe that these regulatory changes would
      have any material impact on us, we cannot guarantee that the authorities will agree with us or will not
      promulgate new regulations that restrict our business operations or access to capital.




190   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                                      RISK FACTORS


On July 6, 2021, the General Office of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the
General Office of the State Council jointly issued the Opinions on Severe and Lawful Crackdown on Illegal
Securities Activities. These opinions emphasized the need to strengthen the administration over illegal
securities activities and the supervision of overseas listings by China-based companies. These opinions
proposed to take effective measures, such as promoting the construction of relevant regulatory systems,
to deal with the risks and incidents facing China-based overseas-listed companies and the demand for
cybersecurity and data privacy protection. These opinions and any related implementation rules to be
enacted may subject us to additional compliance requirement in the future. There are still uncertainties
regarding the interpretation and implementation of these opinions, and further explanations or detailed
rules and regulations with respect to these opinions may be issued in the future that could impose
additional requirements on us. Therefore, we cannot assure you that we will remain fully compliant with
all new regulatory requirements of these opinions or any future implementation rules on a timely basis,
or at all.


On February 17, 2023, the CSRC promulgated the Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities
Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies (which came into effect on March 31, 2023) and its
relevant notes and five supporting guidelines. Pursuant to these regulations, if the offering and listing
of securities in an overseas market are made in the name of an offshore entity based on equity, assets,
earnings of PRC companies that operate the offshore entity’s main businesses, such offering or listing
of securities is subject to filing requirements of the CSRC. These regulations apply to various types of
overseas equity offerings and listings, including re-financing, secondary or dual primary listings, listing
through special purchase acquisition companies, issuance of equity incentive awards, issuance of equity
securities or securities convertible into or exchangeable for equity securities. Issuers conducting these
transactions will need to make filings with the CSRC. According to the Circular on the Arrangements for
the Filing-based Administration of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies, for
companies that have already offered shares or been listed overseas prior to the implementation of such
new regulations, these companies qualify as “Stock Enterprises”, and Stock Enterprises are not required
to apply for the filing immediately until a subsequent re-financing event occurs. These regulations and
their future developments could potentially complicate our future equity offerings and require us to incur
significant compliance costs.


In addition, these rules and regulations impose additional requirements on our future re-financing
activities and will subject us to relevant CSRC filings or other regulatory authorization or requirements.
We cannot assure you that we would be able to obtain such fillings, approval or meet such requirements
in a timely manner or at all. Any failure may subject us to fines, penalties or other sanctions which may
have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition as well as our ability to complete
this or other future offerings.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   191
      RISK FACTORS



      Rapid urbanization and changes in zoning and urban planning in China may
      cause our leased and owned hotels to be demolished, removed or otherwise
      affected and our franchise agreements to terminate.
      China is undergoing a rapid urbanization process, and zoning requirements and other regulatory
      mandates with respect to urban planning of a particular area may change from time to time. When there
      is a change in zoning requirements or other regulatory mandates with respect to the areas where our
      hotels are located, the affected hotels may need to be demolished or removed. We have experienced such
      demolition and relocation in the past and we may encounter additional demolition and relocation cases
      in the future. Our franchise agreements typically provide that if the manachised or franchised hotels are
      demolished, the franchise agreements will terminate. Any such demolition and relocation could cause
      us to lose primary locations for our hotels and we may not be able to achieve comparable operation
      results following the relocations. While we may be reimbursed for such demolition and relocation, we
      cannot assure you that the reimbursement, as determined by the relevant regulatory authorities, will be
      sufficient to cover our direct and indirect losses. Accordingly, our business, results of operations and
      financial condition could be adversely affected.


      Regulatory control of currency conversion may limit our ability to pay
      dividends in foreign currencies to our shareholders and therefore adversely
      affect the value of your investment.
      The PRC regulators impose controls on the convertibility of RMB into foreign currencies and, in certain
      cases, the remittance of currency out of China. For example, Our PRC subsidiaries must present certain
      documents to SAFE, its authorized branch, or the designated foreign exchange bank, before they can
      obtain and remit foreign currencies out of the PRC, including evidence that the relevant PRC taxes
      have been paid. See “Business Overview – Regulation – Regulations on Foreign Currency Exchange” for
      discussions of the principal regulations and rules governing foreign currency exchange in China. We
      receive a substantial portion of our revenues in RMB. For most capital account items, approval from
      appropriate regulatory authorities is required where RMB is to be converted into foreign currency and
      remitted out of China to pay capital expenses such as the repayment of bank loans denominated in
      foreign currencies. The PRC regulators may also at its discretion restrict access in the future to foreign
      currencies for current account transactions. If our PRC subsidiaries, for any reason, fail to satisfy any
      of the PRC legal requirements for remitting foreign currency, or if the foreign exchange control system
      otherwise prevents us from obtaining sufficient foreign currency to satisfy our currency demands, we
      may not be able to pay dividends in foreign currencies to our shareholders, including holders of our ADSs
      and ordinary shares, which would adversely affect the value of your investment.


      Fluctuation in the value of the Renminbi may have a material adverse effect
      on your investment.
      The value of the Renminbi against the U.S. dollar, Euro, Hong Kong dollar and other currencies is affected
      by, among other things, changes in China’s political and economic conditions and China’s foreign
      exchange policies.




192   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                                       RISK FACTORS


We rely substantially on dividends paid to us by our operating subsidiaries in China and Europe. A
significant portion of our revenues, expenses and financial assets are denominated in the Renminbi. The
functional currencies of the entities within Deutsche Hospitality include Euro and other currencies such
as Swiss Franc. Any significant depreciation of the Renminbi or Euro against the U.S. dollar may have a
material adverse effect on our revenues, and the value of, and any dividends payable on, our ADSs and
ordinary shares, when translated into U.S. dollars. If we decide to convert our Renminbi or Euro into U.S.
dollars for the purpose of making payments for dividends on our ordinary shares or for other business
purposes, depreciation of the Renminbi or Euro against the U.S. dollar or Hong Kong dollar would reduce
the U.S. dollar or Hong Kong dollar amount available to us. On the other hand, to the extent that we
need to convert U.S. dollars or Hong Kong dollar into Renminbi or Euro for our operations, appreciation
of the Renminbi or Euro against the U.S. dollar or Hong Kong dollar would have an adverse effect on
the Renminbi amount we receive from the conversion. See “Management Discussion and Analysis –
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk – Foreign Exchange Risk” for discussions
of our exposure to foreign currency risks. In summary, fluctuation in the value of the Renminbi in
either direction could have a material adverse effect on the value of our company and the value of your
investment.


In addition, because our reporting currency is Renminbi and we also have operations in Europe (namely,
Deutsche Hospitality) with the functional currencies of Euro and other currencies such as Swiss Franc,
when the Renminbi appreciates (or depreciates) against these other functional currencies, such as Euro
and Swiss Franc, our revenues from these operations could decrease (or increase) when translated
into Renminbi. In general, fluctuation in the value of the Renminbi in either direction could result in the
fluctuation in the value of our Company and the value of your investment.


PRC regulations relating to the establishment of offshore special purpose
companies by PRC residents may subject our PRC resident shareholders
to personal liability and limit our ability to inject capital into our PRC
subsidiaries, limit our PRC subsidiaries’ ability to distribute profits to us, or
otherwise adversely affect us.
On July 4, 2014, SAFE issued the Circular of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Relevant
Issues concerning Foreign Exchange Administration of the Overseas Investment and Financing and
Round-trip Investments by Domestic Residents through Special Purpose Vehicles, or Circular 37, which
replaced the Circular on Relevant Issues Concerning Foreign Exchange Control on Domestic Residents’
Corporate Financing and Roundtrip Investment Through Offshore Special Purpose Vehicles issued by
SAFE in October 2005, or Circular 75. Pursuant to Circular 37, any PRC residents, including both PRC
institutions and individual residents, are required to register with the local SAFE branch before making
contribution to a company set up or controlled by the PRC residents outside of the PRC for the purpose
of overseas investment or financing with their legally owned domestic or offshore assets or interests,
referred to in this circular as a “special purpose vehicle.” In addition, such PRC residents or entities
must update their SAFE registrations when the offshore special purpose vehicle undergoes material




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   193
      RISK FACTORS


      events relating to any change of basic information (including change of such PRC citizens or residents,
      name and operation term), increases or decreases in investment amount, transfers or exchanges of
      shares, or mergers or spin-offs. In February 2015, SAFE promulgated the Notice on Further Simplifying
      and Improving the Administration of the Foreign Exchange Management Policies on Direct Investment,
      which took effect on June 1, 2015. This notice has amended SAFE Circular 37, requiring PRC residents
      or entities to register with qualified banks rather than SAFE or its local branch in connection with their
      establishment or control of an offshore entity established for the purpose of overseas investment or
      financing, where banks are required to review and carry out foreign exchange registration for offshore
      direct investments, and SAFE and its branches supervise foreign exchange registration for direct
      investments indirectly through the banks. See “Business Overview – Regulation – Regulations on
      Offshore Financing” for discussions of the registration requirements and the relevant penalties.


      We attempt to comply, and attempt to ensure that our shareholders and beneficial owners of our shares
      who are subject to these rules comply, with the relevant requirements. We cannot provide any assurance
      that our shareholders and beneficial owners of our shares who are PRC residents have complied or
      will comply with the requirements imposed by Circular 37 or other related rules. Any failure by any of
      our shareholders and beneficial owners of our shares who are PRC residents to comply with relevant
      requirements under this regulation could subject such shareholders, beneficial owners and us to fines
      or sanctions imposed by the PRC regulators, including limitations on our relevant subsidiary’s ability to
      pay dividends or make distributions to us and our ability to increase our investment in China, or other
      penalties that may adversely affect our operations.


      We rely principally on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by
      our subsidiaries to fund any cash and financing requirements we may have,
      and any limitation on the ability of our subsidiaries to make payments to us
      could have a material adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business.
      We are a holding company, and we rely principally on dividends from our subsidiaries in China for
      our cash requirements, including any debt we may incur. Current PRC laws and regulations permit
      our subsidiaries to pay dividends to us only out of their accumulated profits, if any, determined in
      accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. In addition, each of our subsidiaries in
      China is required to set aside a certain percentage of its after-tax earnings each year, if any, to fund
      certain statutory reserves. These reserves are not distributable as cash dividends. As of December 31,
      2025, a total of RMB1,574 million (US$225 million) was not distributable in the form of dividends to us
      due to these PRC regulations. In addition, due to restrictions on the distribution of share capital from
      our PRC subsidiaries, the PRC subsidiaries’ share capital of RMB2,695 million (US$385 million) as of
      December 31, 2025 is considered restricted. Furthermore, if our subsidiaries in China incur debt on their
      own behalf in the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict their ability to pay dividends or
      make other payments to us. The inability of our subsidiaries to distribute dividends or other payments to
      us could materially and adversely limit our ability to grow, make investments or acquisitions that could
      be beneficial to our businesses, pay dividends, or otherwise fund and conduct our business.




194   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                                      RISK FACTORS



PRC regulation of loans and direct investment by offshore holding
companies to PRC entities may delay or prevent us from using the proceeds
from offerings of the ADSs, ordinary shares or other securities to make loans
or additional capital contributions to our PRC operating subsidiaries and
VIEs.
As an offshore holding company, our ability to make loans or additional capital contributions to our
PRC operating subsidiaries and VIEs is subject to PRC regulatory requirements. These regulatory
requirements may delay or prevent us from using the proceeds we received in the past or will receive
in the future from the offerings of ADSs, ordinary shares or other securities to make loans or additional
capital contributions to our PRC operating subsidiaries and VIEs, and impair our ability to fund and
expand our business which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and result of
operations. For example, SAFE promulgated the Circular on Reforming and Regulating the Management
Policies on the Settlement of Capital Projects, or Circular 16, on June 9, 2016. Under Circular 16,
registered capital of a foreign-invested company settled in RMB converted from foreign currencies
shall be subject to certain limitations prescribed under Circular 16, which was amended by Circular
of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Further Deepening Reform and Promoting Cross-
border Trade and Investment Facilitation issued by SAFE on December 4, 2023. In addition, according to
Regulation on Foreign Exchange Administration amended on August 5, 2008, foreign-invested companies
may not change how they use such capital without SAFE’s approval.


Furthermore, any offshore funds that we use to finance our PRC entities, including the net proceeds
from the offering of the ADSs, ordinary shares or other securities, are subject to the foreign investment
regulations and foreign exchange regulations in the PRC. We may make loans to our PRC entities, but
they are subject to such PRC entities’ sufficient foreign debt quota and foreign exchange loan registration
with SAFE. For example, loans by us to our PRC entities (as foreign-invested enterprises) in China to
finance their activities cannot exceed statutory limits, i.e., the difference between its total amount of
investment and its registered capital, or certain amount calculated based on elements including capital
or net assets, the cross-border financing leverage ratio and the macro prudential coefficient (“Macro-
prudential Management Mode”) under relevant PRC laws. Pursuant to the Notice on Expanding the Pilot
Program for High-Level Opening Up of Cross-Border Trade and Investment issued by SAFE on December
4, 2023, enterprises located in Shanghai, Jiangsu, Guangdong, Beijing, Zhejiang, Hainan, Shenzhen, and
Ningbo are permitted to complete registration procedures directly through designated banks. For loans
obtained by entities outside these pilot regions, registration with SAFE remains mandatory in accordance
with applicable foreign exchange regulations. According to the Circular of the People’s Bank of China and
the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Adjusting the Macro-prudent Adjustment Parameter
for Cross-border Financing issued on January 7, 2021 and the Notice on Matters concerning the Macro-
Prudential Management of Full-Covered Cross-Border Financing issued on January 11, 2017 and Notice
on Adjusting the Macro-prudential Adjustment Parameter for Cross-border Financing issued by the
People’s Bank of China and SAFE on January 13, 2025, the limit for the total amount of foreign debt
under the Macro-prudential Management Mode is adjusted to 3.5 times of their respective net assets.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   195
      RISK FACTORS


      In addition, the application of the proceeds under the ADSs, ordinary shares or other securities is subject
      to the foreign exchange regulations in the PRC. We may also decide to finance our entities by means of
      capital contributions. According to the relevant PRC regulations on foreign-invested enterprises in China,
      depending on the total amount of investment, capital contributions to our PRC operating subsidiaries
      and VIEs is no longer subject to the approval of the MOFCOM or its local branches. Instead, if we finance
      our PRC subsidiaries by means of additional capital contributions, these capital contributions must be
      filed and registered with relevant regulatory authorities, including the MOFCOM, or its local counterparts,
      the State Administration for Market Regulation, or SAMR, through the Enterprise Registration System
      and the National Enterprise Credit Information Publicity System, and SAFE. However, we cannot assure
      you that the regulations will always remain favorable to us. If the regulations are revised in the future or
      we fail to complete such registration or obtain such approvals on time, our ability to use the proceeds of
      the ADSs, ordinary shares or other securities and to capitalize our operations in PRC may be negatively
      affected, which could adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business.


      We may be subject to fines and legal sanctions imposed by SAFE or other
      Chinese regulatory authorities and our ability to further grant shares or
      share options to, and to adopt additional share incentive plans for, our
      directors and employees may be restricted if we or the participants of
      our share incentive plans fail to comply with PRC regulations relating to
      employee shares or share options granted by offshore special purpose
      companies or offshore listed companies to PRC participants.
      In February 2012, the SAFE issued the Notice on Relevant Issues Concerning Foreign Exchange Control
      on Domestic Individuals Participating in the Stock Incentive Plan of An Overseas Listed Company, or
      Circular 7, which requires PRC individual participants of stock incentive plans to register with the SAFE
      and to comply with a series of other requirements. See “Business Overview – Regulation – Regulations on
      Foreign Currency Exchange.” We are an offshore listed company and as a result we and the participants
      of our share incentive plans who are PRC citizens or non-PRC citizens residing in China successively for
      at least one year, or, collectively, the PRC participants, are subject to Circular 7. While we completed the
      foreign exchange registration procedures and complied with other requirements according to Circular 7 in
      June 2012 and September 2023, we cannot provide any assurance that we or the PRC participants of our
      share incentive plans will be deemed by regulatory authorities to have complied with the requirements
      imposed by Circular 7. If we or the PRC participants of our share incentive plans fail to comply with
      Circular 7, we or the PRC participants of our share incentive plans may be subject to fines or other legal
      sanctions imposed by SAFE or other PRC regulatory authorities and our ability to further grant shares or
      share options under our share incentive plans to, and to adopt additional share incentive plans for, our
      directors and employees may be restricted. Such events could adversely affect our business operations.




196   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                                    RISK FACTORS



It is unclear whether we will be considered as a PRC resident enterprise
under the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC. If we are not treated as
a PRC resident enterprise, dividends paid to us by our PRC subsidiaries
will be subject to PRC withholding tax; if we are treated as a PRC resident
enterprise, we may be subject to a 25% PRC income tax on our worldwide
income, and holders of our ADSs or ordinary shares that are non-PRC
resident investors may be subject to PRC withholding tax on dividends on
and gains realized on their transfer of our ADSs or ordinary shares.
On March 16, 2007, the NPC passed the Enterprise Income Tax Law, and the PRC State Council
subsequently issued the Implementation Regulations of the Enterprise Income Tax Law (the
“Implementation Regulations”). The Enterprise Income Tax Law (last amended on December 29, 2018)
and its Implementation Regulations (last amended on December 6, 2024), collectively the “EIT Law”,
provides that enterprises established outside of China whose “de facto management bodies” are located
in China are considered resident enterprises and are therefore subject to PRC enterprise income tax
at a uniform rate of 25% with respect to their income sourced from both within and outside of China.
The Implementation Regulations define the term “de facto management body” as a management body
that exercises substantial and overall control and management over the production and operations,
personnel, accounting and properties of an enterprise.


On April 22, 2009, the State Taxation Administration, or the “STA” (previously known as State
Administration of Taxation, or the “SAT”) issued the Notice Regarding the Determination of Chinese-
Controlled Enterprises Registered Offshore as PRC Tax Resident Enterprises on the Basis of De Facto
Management Bodies, or Circular 82. Circular 82 provides certain specific criteria for determining whether
the “de facto management body” of a Chinese-controlled offshore-incorporated enterprise is located in
China. In addition, the STA issued Public Announcement [2011] No. 45 in 2011 and Public Announcement
[2014] No. 9 in 2014, providing more guidance on the implementation of Circular 82 and clarifying
matters including resident status determination, post-determination administration and competent tax
authorities. However, the above-mentioned tax circulars apply only to offshore enterprises controlled
by PRC enterprises, not those invested in or controlled by PRC individuals. Currently, there are no
further detailed rules or precedents applicable to us regarding the procedures and specific criteria for
determining “de facto management body” for a company invested in or controlled by PRC individuals. It
is still unclear if the PRC tax authorities would determine that we should be classified as a PRC resident
enterprise.


Although we have not been notified that we are treated as a PRC resident enterprise, we cannot assure
you that we will not be treated as a resident enterprise under the EIT Law, any aforesaid circulars or
any amended regulations in the future. If we are treated as a PRC resident enterprise for PRC enterprise
income tax purposes, among other things, we would be subject to the PRC enterprise income tax at
the rate of 25% on our worldwide taxable income. Furthermore, if we are treated as a PRC resident
enterprise, payments of dividend by us may be regarded as derived from sources within the PRC and
therefore we may be obligated to withhold PRC income tax at 10% on payments of dividend on the ADSs
or ordinary shares to non-PRC resident enterprise investors. In the case of non-PRC resident individual
investors, the tax may be withheld at a rate of 20%.




                                                                    H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   197
      RISK FACTORS


      In addition, if we are treated as a PRC resident enterprise, pursuant to the EIT Law and the Individual
      Income Tax Law of the PRC, any gain realized on the transfer of the ADSs and/or ordinary shares by non-
      PRC resident investors may be regarded as derived from sources within the PRC and accordingly may be
      subject to a 10% PRC income tax in the case of non-PRC resident enterprises or 20% in the case of non-
      PRC resident individuals. The PRC income tax on dividends and/or gains may be reduced or exempted
      under applicable tax treaties between the PRC and the ADS holder’s or ordinary share holder’s home
      country. See “Other Information for Shareholders – Taxation – PRC Taxation”.


      If the PCAOB is unable to inspect our auditors as required under the HFCA
      Act, the SEC will prohibit the trading of our ADSs, which may materially and
      adversely affect the value of your investment.
      The United States adopted the HFCA Act on December 18, 2020, which was amended by the Consolidated
      Appropriations Act, 2023 in December 2022. Under the HFCA Act, if the SEC determines that we have
      filed audit reports issued by a registered public accounting firm that has not been subject to inspection
      by the PCAOB for two consecutive years (beginning with those we filed in 2022), the SEC will prohibit
      our securities, including our ADSs, from being traded on a U.S. national securities exchange, including
      NASDAQ, or in the over-the-counter trading market in the U.S. Pursuant to amendments made to the
      HFCA Act in 2022, the PCAOB may determine that it is unable to inspect or investigate completely
      registered public accounting firms in any foreign jurisdictions because of positions taken by any foreign
      authority, rather than an authority in the location in which the firms are headquartered or in which
      they have a branch or office, as was the case under the original version of the Act. The process for
      implementing trading prohibitions pursuant to the HFCA Act will be based on a list of registered public
      accounting firms that the PCAOB has been unable to inspect and investigate completely as a result of a
      position taken by a non-U.S. government. The first such list was announced by the PCAOB on December
      16, 2021, and our auditor was included on that list.


      The SEC reviews annual reports filed with it to determine if the auditor used for such reports was so
      identified by the PCAOB, and such issuers are designated as “Commission-Identified Issuers” on a list to
      be published by the SEC. If an issuer is a Commission-Identified Issuer for two consecutive years (which
      will be determined after the second such consecutive annual report), the SEC will issue an order that will
      implement the trading prohibitions described above. We were conclusively identified as a “Commission-
      Identified Issuer” under the HFCA Act on May 26, 2022 in respect of our Annual Report for 2021 on Form
      20-F filed on April 27, 2022. If our ADSs are subject to a trading prohibition under the HFCA Act, the price
      of our ADSs may be adversely affected, and the threat of such a trading prohibition would also adversely
      affect their price. If our listing in Hong Kong cannot provide sufficient liquidity or if we are unable to be
      listed on another securities exchange that provides sufficient liquidity, such a trading prohibition may
      substantially impair your ability to sell or purchase our ADSs when you wish to do so. Furthermore,
      even if we are able to maintain a listing of our ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange or
      another non-U.S. exchange, investors owning our ADSs may have to take additional steps to engage in
      transactions on that exchange, including converting ADSs into ordinary shares and establishing non-U.S.
      brokerage accounts.




198   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                                       RISK FACTORS


On August 26, 2022, the PCAOB signed a Statement of Protocol with the CSRC and the Ministry of
Finance of the PRC, taking a first step toward opening access for the PCAOB to inspect and investigate
registered public accounting firms headquartered in Mainland China and Hong Kong. On December 15,
2022, the PCAOB announced its determination that it has been able to inspect and investigate audit
firms in mainland China and Hong Kong completely for purposes of the HFCA Act, and the PCAOB vacated
its December 16, 2021 determinations. As a result of this announcement, we were not for the fiscal
year of 2023 or 2024, and do not expect to be for the fiscal year of 2025, a Commission-Identified Issuer
in respect of our annual report on Form 20-F. However, the PCAOB stated that should PRC authorities
obstruct the PCAOB’s ability to inspect or investigate completely in any way and at any point in the future,
the PCAOB Board will act immediately to consider the need to issue new determinations consistent with
the HFCA Act. While we currently do not expect the HFCA Act to prevent us from maintaining the trading
of our ADSs in the U.S., uncertainties exist with respect to future determinations of the PCAOB in this
respect and any further legislative or regulatory actions to be taken by the U.S. or Chinese regulators that
could affect our listing status in the U.S. The delisting of our ADSs, or the threat of their being delisted,
may materially and adversely affect the value of your investment.


RISKS RELATED TO OUR CORPORATE STRUCTURE
H World Group Limited is a Cayman Islands holding company. As a result, you
may experience difficulties in effecting service of legal process, enforcing
foreign judgments or bringing actions in China against us or our management
based on foreign laws.
H World Group Limited is a holding company with no operations of its own. H World Group Limited
conducts its operations primarily by our subsidiaries, a majority of which are based in China and Europe,
and through contractual arrangements with the Consolidated Affiliated Entities. Investors in our ADSs
and ordinary shares do not hold equity interest in our operating entities in China, but instead are
purchasing equity securities of a Cayman Islands holding company. In addition, most of our executive
officers reside within China for a significant portion of the time and most of them are PRC nationals. As
a result, it may be difficult for our shareholders to effect service of process upon us or those persons
residing inside China. In addition, China does not have treaties providing for the reciprocal recognition
and enforcement of judgments of courts with the Cayman Islands, United States and many other
countries and regions.


Therefore, recognition and enforcement in China of judgments of a court in any of these non-PRC
jurisdictions in relation to any matter not subject to a binding arbitration provision may be difficult or
impossible.




                                                                       H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   199
      RISK FACTORS



      Revenue and assets contributions from the Consolidated Affiliated Entities
      have not been material. Nonetheless, if the PRC regulatory authorities
      deem that the contractual arrangements in relation to the Consolidated
      Affiliated Entities do not comply with PRC regulatory restrictions on
      foreign investment in the relevant industries, or if these regulations or the
      interpretation of existing regulations change in the future, our ordinary
      shares and ADSs may decline in value if we are unable to assert our
      contractual control rights over the assets of the Consolidated Affiliated
      Entities.
      The current regulatory framework governing foreign investment activities in the PRC is primarily set out
      in two key instruments: the Special Administrative Measures (Negative List) for the Access of Foreign
      Investment (2024 Edition) (the “Negative List”), which was promulgated by the NDRC and the MOFCOM
      on September 6, 2024, and became effective on November 1, 2024, and the Catalogue of Industries for
      Encouraged Foreign Investment (Edition 2025) (the “Encouraged Catalogue”), which was promulgated
      by the NDRC and MOFCOM on December 15, 2025, and became effective on February 1, 2026. Industries
      listed in the Encouraged Catalogue are generally deemed “encouraged” for foreign investments and may
      benefit from preferential policies. Industries not listed in either the Negative List or the Encouraged
      Catalogue are generally deemed “permitted” for foreign investments, unless specifically prohibited or
      restricted by other PRC laws and regulations, and are subject to the principle of national treatment.
      Pursuant to the Negative List (2024 Edition), a foreign stake in a value-added telecommunications
      service may not exceed 50% (except for e-commerce, domestic multi-party communications, store-and-
      forward, and call center services). In practice, PRC regulatory authorities apply a look-through approach
      when reviewing foreign ownership, treating foreign investments, including those made through variable
      interest entity structures or nominee arrangements, as foreign capital for purposes of determining
      compliance with the 50% cap. Furthermore, pursuant to the Regulations on Travel Agencies (2020
      Revision), which was promulgated by the State Council and became effective on November 29, 2020,
      generally, no foreign-invested travel agency may operate a business providing travel services to Chinese
      mainland residents traveling to other countries or to Hong Kong, Macau or Taiwan.


      Because H World Group Limited is an exempted company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited
      liability, it is classified as a foreign enterprise under PRC laws and regulations, and our PRC subsidiaries
      are foreign-invested enterprises (“FIEs”). PRC laws and regulations restrict and impose conditions on
      foreign investment in certain internet-based businesses and international travel agency businesses.
      Accordingly, to comply with PRC laws and regulations, we operate these businesses in China through
      the variable interest entity model, and rely on contractual arrangements among our PRC subsidiaries,
      the Consolidated Affiliated Entities and their respective nominee shareholders to control the business
      operations of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities and their subsidiary.




200   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                                         RISK FACTORS


If our corporate structure and contractual arrangements are deemed by the Ministry of Industry and
Information Technology or the MOFCOM or other regulators having competent authority to be illegal,
either in whole or in part, we may lose control of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities and have to modify
such structure and contractual arrangements to comply with regulatory requirements. However, there
can be no assurance that we can achieve this without disrupting our business. Further, if our corporate
structure and contractual arrangements are found to be in violation of any existing or future PRC laws
or regulations, the relevant regulatory authorities would have broad discretion in dealing with such
violations, including:


•      revoking our relevant business and operating licenses;


•      levying fines on us;


•      confiscating any of our income that they deem to be obtained through illegal operations;


•      shutting down our relevant services;


•      discontinuing or restricting our operations of such Consolidated Affiliated Entities in China;


•      imposing conditions or requirements with which we may not be able to comply;


•      requiring us to change our corporate structure and contractual arrangements;


•      prohibiting our use of the proceeds from overseas offerings to finance the Consolidated Affiliated
       Entities’ business and operations; and


•      taking other regulatory or enforcement actions that could be harmful to our business.


Furthermore, new PRC laws, rules and regulations may be introduced to impose additional requirements
that may be applicable to our corporate structure and contractual arrangements. See “– Uncertainties
exist with respect to the interpretation and implementation of the Foreign Investment Law and its
implementing rules and how they may impact our business, financial condition and results of operations”
below for more information. Occurrence of any of these events could materially and adversely affect
our business, financial condition and results of operations. If the PRC regulators determine that these
contractual arrangements do not comply with PRC regulations, or if these regulations change or are
interpreted differently in the future, our ordinary shares and ADSs may decline in value if we are unable
to assert our contractual control rights over the assets of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities. In addition,
H World Group Limited, which is the company our investors hold securities in, may never have a direct
equity ownership interest in the businesses that are conducted by the Consolidated Affiliated Entities. If
the imposition of any of these penalties or requirement to restructure our corporate structure causes us
to lose the rights to direct the activities of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities or our right to receive their
economic benefits, we would no longer be able to consolidate the financial results of such Consolidated
Affiliated Entities in our consolidated financial statements.




                                                                        H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025    201
      RISK FACTORS



      We rely in part on contractual arrangements with each of the Consolidated
      Affiliated Entities and their respective nominee shareholders to operate
      certain restricted business. These contractual arrangements may not be as
      effective as direct ownership in providing operational control.
      H World Group Limited is not a Chinese operating company but a Cayman Islands holding company with
      operations primarily conducted by our subsidiaries, a majority of which are based in China and Europe,
      and through contractual arrangements with the Consolidated Affiliated Entities. The Consolidated
      Affiliated Entities include (i) Tianjin Jizhu, (ii) Shanghai Huanmei and Huanmei Travel, and (iii) Ningbo
      Futing. Mr. Pengfei Jiang, who is the director/supervisor of certain of our subsidiaries, holds 100% of
      equity interest in Tianjin Jizhu. Mr. Pengfei Jiang and Mr. Andong Chen, our employee, hold 90% and 10%
      of equity interest in Shanghai Huanmei, respectively. Mr. Dongfu Shi is the director of and holds 100% of
      equity interest in Ningbo Futing.


      We rely in part on contractual arrangements entered into among Huazhu Hotel Management Co., Ltd.,
      a wholly-owned subsidiary of H World Group Limited (“HZ Hotel Management”), the Consolidated
      Affiliated Entities and their respective nominee shareholders to operate certain restricted business. We
      have control over and are the primary beneficiary of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities for accounting
      purposes and, therefore, have consolidated the financial results of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities in
      our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Any references to control or benefits
      that accrue to us because of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities in this annual report are limited to,
      and are subject to conditions for consolidation of, the Consolidated Affiliated Entities under U.S. GAAP.
      These contractual arrangements may not be as effective as direct ownership in providing us with control
      over the Consolidated Affiliated Entities. Investors in our ADSs and ordinary shares are not purchasing
      equity interest in our operating entities in China, but instead are purchasing an equity interest in H
      World Group Limited, a Cayman Islands holding company. The Consolidated Affiliated Entities do not
      have a material contribution to our results of operations and the Consolidated Affiliated Entities do not
      support material revenues reported within other subsidiaries of our company. The Consolidated Affiliated
      Entities are consolidated with our results of operations for accounting purposes. If the Consolidated
      Affiliated Entities or the respective nominee shareholders of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities fail to
      perform their respective obligations under these contractual arrangements, our recourse to the assets
      held by the Consolidated Affiliated Entities is indirect and we may have to incur substantial costs and
      expend significant resources to enforce such arrangements in reliance on legal remedies under PRC law.
      These remedies may not always be effective. Furthermore, in connection with litigation, arbitration or
      other judicial or dispute resolution proceedings, assets under the name of any of record holder of equity
      interest in the Consolidated Affiliated Entities, including such equity interest, may be put under court
      custody. As a consequence, we cannot be certain that the equity interest will be disposed pursuant to
      the contractual arrangement or ownership by the record holder of the equity interest.




202   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                                       RISK FACTORS


All of these contractual arrangements are governed by PRC law and provide for the resolution of disputes
through arbitration in the PRC. Accordingly, these contractual arrangements would be interpreted in
accordance with PRC laws and any disputes would be resolved in accordance with PRC legal procedures.
While PRC arbitration laws and procedures have been continuously improving – including through
the 2025 amendments to the Arbitration Law, which took effect on March 1, 2026 and enhance the
framework for temporary measures and recognition of foreign arbitration institutions – they remain less
developed than those in some other jurisdictions, such as the United States. As a result, uncertainties
regarding the enforcement of laws in China could limit our ability to enforce these contractual
arrangements. Meanwhile, there are very few precedents and little formal guidance as to how contractual
arrangements in the context of variable interest entities should be interpreted or enforced under PRC
law. There remain significant uncertainties regarding the ultimate outcome of such arbitration should
legal action become necessary. In addition, under PRC laws, rulings by arbitrators are final, parties
cannot appeal the arbitration results in courts, and if the losing parties fail to carry out the arbitration
awards within a prescribed time limit, the prevailing parties may only enforce the arbitration awards
in the PRC courts through arbitration award recognition proceedings, which would require additional
expenses and delay. In the event that we are unable to enforce these contractual arrangements, or
if we suffer significant time delays or other obstacles in the process of enforcing these contractual
arrangements, it would be very difficult to exert effective control over the Consolidated Affiliated Entities,
and our ability to conduct our business and our financial condition and results of operations may be
affected. See “–Risks Related to Doing Business in China – Developments in the interpretation and
enforcement of PRC laws and regulations could limit the legal protections available to you and us” below
in this annual report.


If we exercise the option to acquire equity ownership of the Consolidated
Affiliated Entities, the ownership transfer may subject us to certain
limitations and substantial costs.
Pursuant to the contractual arrangements, to the extent allowed by PRC laws, rules and regulations,
HZ Hotel Management or its designated person has the exclusive right to purchase all or any part of the
equity interests in the Consolidated Affiliated Entities from their respective nominee shareholders at the
higher of (i) the lowest price permitted by applicable PRC laws and (ii) a nominal price of RMB100. The
transfer prices of such equity transfers might be subject to review and tax adjustment with reference to
the market value by the relevant tax authorities, and such authorities may require HZ Hotel Management
to pay individual income tax in the PRC on behalf of the individual shareholders of such Consolidated
Affiliated Entities for ownership transfer income with reference to the market value accordingly, in which
case the amount of tax could be substantial.




                                                                       H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   203
      RISK FACTORS



      The nominee shareholders of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities may have
      potential conflicts of interest with us, which may affect our business and
      financial condition.
      We rely on the nominee shareholders of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities to abide by the obligations
      under such contractual arrangements. The interests of these shareholders in their capacities as the
      shareholders of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities may differ from the interests of our company as a
      whole, as what is in the best interests of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities, including matters such
      as whether to distribute dividends or to make other distributions to fund our offshore requirements,
      may not be in the best interests of our company. There can be no assurance that when conflicts of
      interest arise, any or all of these shareholders will act in the best interests of our company or that those
      conflicts of interest will be resolved in our favor. In addition, these shareholders may breach or cause the
      Consolidated Affiliated Entities and their subsidiary to breach or refuse to renew the existing contractual
      arrangements with us. Control over, and funds due from, the Consolidated Affiliated Entities may be
      jeopardized if such shareholders breach the terms of the contractual arrangements or are subject to
      legal proceedings.


      Though it is difficult to address the potential conflicts of interest the nominee shareholders of the
      Consolidated Affiliated Entities may encounter, on the one hand, and as a director, supervisor or
      employee of our group company, on the other hand, we could, however, at all times, exercise our
      option under the exclusive option agreements to cause them to transfer all of their equity ownership
      in the Consolidated Affiliated Entities to an entity or individual designated by us as permitted by the
      then applicable PRC laws. In addition, if such conflicts of interest arise, we could also, in the capacity
      of attorney-in-fact of the nominee shareholders of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities as provided
      under the power of attorney, directly appoint new directors, supervisors or senior management of the
      Consolidated Affiliated Entities. We rely on the nominee shareholders of the Consolidated Affiliated
      Entities to comply with PRC laws and regulations, which protect contracts and provide that directors and
      senior management owe a duty of loyalty to the companies they serve and require them to avoid conflicts
      of interest and not to take advantage of their positions for personal gains. If we cannot resolve any
      conflicts of interest or disputes between us and the individual shareholders of the Consolidated Affiliated
      Entities, we would have to rely on legal proceedings, which could result in disruption of our business and
      subject us to substantial uncertainty as to the outcome of any such legal proceedings.




204   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                                     RISK FACTORS



If the custodians or authorized users of our controlling non-tangible
assets, including chops and seals, fail to fulfill their responsibilities, or
misappropriate or misuse these assets, our business and operations may be
materially and adversely affected.
Under PRC law, legal documents for corporate transactions, including agreements and contracts such
as the leases and sales contracts that our business relies on, are executed using the chop or seal of the
signing entity or with the signature of a legal representative whose designation is registered and filed
with the relevant local branch of the State Administration for Market Regulation. We generally execute
legal documents by affixing chops or seals, rather than having the designated legal representatives sign
the documents. The chops of our subsidiaries and the Consolidated Affiliated Entities are generally held
by the relevant entities so that documents can be executed locally. Although we usually utilize chops
to execute contracts, the registered legal representatives of our subsidiaries and the Consolidated
Affiliated Entities have the apparent authority to enter into contracts on behalf of such entities without
chops, unless such contracts set forth otherwise.


In order to maintain the physical security of our chops, we generally have them stored in secured
locations accessible only to the designated key employees of our legal, human resources or finance
departments. Our designated legal representatives generally do not have access to the chops. Although
we have approval procedures in place and monitor our key employees, including the designated legal
representatives of our subsidiaries and the Consolidated Affiliated Entities, the procedures may not
be sufficient to prevent all instances of abuse or negligence. There is a risk that our key employees or
designated legal representatives could abuse their authority, for example, by binding our subsidiaries
and the Consolidated Affiliated Entities with contracts against our interests, as we would be obligated
to honor these contracts if the other contracting party acts in good faith in reliance on the apparent
authority of our chops or signatures of our legal representatives. If any designated legal representative
obtains control of the chop in an effort to obtain control over the relevant entity, we would need to have
a shareholder or board resolution to designate a new legal representative and to take legal action to
seek the return of the chop, apply for a new chop with the relevant authorities, or otherwise seek legal
remedies for the legal representative’s misconduct. If any of the designated legal representatives obtains
and misuses or misappropriates our chops and seals or other controlling intangible assets for whatever
reason, we could experience disruption to our normal business operations. We may have to take
corporate or legal action, which could involve significant time and resources to resolve while distracting
management from our operations, and our business and operations may be materially and adversely
affected.


Uncertainties exist with respect to the interpretation and implementation
of the Foreign Investment Law and its implementing rules and how they may
impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
The VIE structure through contractual arrangements has been adopted by many PRC-based companies,
including us, to obtain necessary licenses and permits in industries that are currently subject to foreign
investment restrictions in China. The MOFCOM published a discussion draft of the proposed Foreign
Investment Law of the PRC in January 2015, or the 2015 Draft FIL, according to which, variable interest
entities that are controlled via contractual arrangements would also be deemed as foreign-invested




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   205
      RISK FACTORS


      entities, if they are ultimately controlled by foreign investors. In March 2019, the NPC promulgated the
      Foreign Investment Law of the PRC, or the FIL, and in December 2019, the State Council promulgated
      the Implementing Rules of the Foreign Investment Law of the PRC, or the Implementing Rules, to
      further clarify and elaborate the relevant provisions of the FIL. The FIL and the Implementing Rules both
      became effective from January 1, 2020 and replaced the major previous laws and regulations governing
      foreign investments in the PRC. Pursuant to the FIL, “foreign investments” refer to investment activities
      conducted by foreign investors (including foreign natural persons, foreign enterprises or other foreign
      organizations) directly or indirectly in the PRC, which include any of the following circumstances: (i)
      foreign investors setting up foreign-invested enterprises in the PRC solely or jointly with other investors,
      (ii) foreign investors obtaining shares, equity interests, property portions or other similar rights and
      interests of enterprises within the PRC, (iii) foreign investors investing in new projects in the PRC solely
      or jointly with other investors, and (iv) investment in other methods as specified in laws, administrative
      regulations, or as stipulated by the State Council. The FIL and the Implementing Rules do not introduce
      the concept of “control” in determining whether a company would be considered as a foreign-invested
      enterprise, nor do they explicitly provide whether the VIE structure through contractual arrangements
      would be deemed as a method of foreign investment. However, the FIL has a catch-all provision that
      includes in its definition of “foreign investments” made by foreign investors in China in other methods
      as specified in laws, administrative regulations, or as stipulated by the State Council. To implement
      this provision of the FIL, the relevant regulatory authorities may promulgate more laws, regulations or
      rules on the interpretation and implementation of the FIL, and we cannot rule out the possibility that
      the concept of “control” as stated in the 2015 Draft FIL may be embodied in, or the VIE structure through
      contractual arrangements adopted by us may be deemed as a method of foreign investment by, any
      of such future laws, regulations and rules. If any of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities were deemed
      as a foreign-invested enterprise under any of such future laws, regulations and rules, and any of the
      businesses operated by such Consolidated Affiliated Entities in any “negative list” for foreign investment
      were therefore subject to any foreign investment restrictions or prohibitions, our business, financial
      condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, if future
      laws, administrative regulations or provisions mandate further actions to be taken by companies with
      respect to existing contractual arrangements, we may face substantial uncertainties as to whether we
      can complete such actions in a timely manner, or at all. Failure to take timely and appropriate measures
      to cope with any of these or similar regulatory compliance challenges could materially and adversely
      affect our current corporate structure, business, financial condition and results of operations.


      RISKS RELATED TO OUR ADSS, ORDINARY SHARES AND OUR TRADING
      MARKET
      The market prices for our ADSs and/or ordinary shares have been and may
      continue to be volatile.
      The market price for our ADSs has been volatile and ranged from a low of US$30.39 to a high of US$49.12
      on the NASDAQ Global Select Market in 2025. Likewise, the high and low prices of our ordinary shares
      on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 2025 were HK$38.64 and HK$23.80, respectively. In addition,
      the performance and fluctuation of the market prices of other companies with business operations
      located mainly in China that have listed their securities in Hong Kong and/or the United States may




206   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                                        RISK FACTORS


affect the volatility in the prices of and trading volumes for our ADSs and/or ordinary shares. Some of
these companies have experienced significant volatility. The trading performance of these companies’
securities may affect the overall investor sentiment towards other companies with business operations
located mainly in China and listed in Hong Kong and/or the United States and consequently may impact
the trading performance of our ADSs and/or ordinary shares. The market price is subject to wide
fluctuations in response to various factors, including the following:


•      actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly operating results;


•      changes in financial estimates by securities research analysts;


•      conditions in the travel and lodging industries;


•      changes in the economic performance or market valuations of other lodging companies;


•      announcements by us or our competitors of new products, acquisitions, strategic partnerships,
       joint ventures or capital commitments;


•      addition or departure of key personnel;


•      fluctuations of exchange rates between the RMB and U.S. dollar, Hong Kong dollar or other foreign
       currencies;


•      potential litigation or administrative investigations;


•      release of lock-up or other transfer restrictions on our outstanding ADSs or ordinary shares or
       sales of additional ADSs or ordinary shares; and


•      political or market instability or disruptions, pandemics or epidemics and other disruptions to
       China’s economy or the global economy, and actual or perceived social unrest in the United States,
       Hong Kong, Europe, the Middle East and the Southeast Asia or other countries and regions that
       we operate.


In addition, the market prices for companies with operations in China in particular have experienced
volatility that might have been unrelated to the operating performance of such companies. The securities
of some China-based companies that have listed their securities in the United States and/or in Hong
Kong have experienced significant volatility, including, in some cases, substantial declines in the
market prices of their securities. The performance of the securities of these China-based companies
after their offerings may affect the attitudes of investors toward Chinese companies listed in the United
States and/or Hong Kong, which consequently may impact the performance of our ADSs and ordinary




                                                                        H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   207
      RISK FACTORS


      shares, regardless of our actual operating performance. In addition, any negative news or perceptions
      about inadequate corporate governance practices or fraudulent accounting, corporate structure or
      other matters of other China-based companies may also negatively affect the attitudes of investors
      towards China-based companies in general, including us, regardless of whether we have engaged in any
      inappropriate activities.


      Inflation has accelerated in many economies, including the United States and Europe, and policy
      actions to address inflation have slowed, and could reverse, economic growth in relevant countries. In
      addition, the continuing Russia-Ukraine war and the related energy crisis in Europe have weighed on
      global economic prospects. These types of economic conditions could result in postponed or decreased
      spending amid consumer concerns over unemployment, inflation, reduced asset values, increased
      energy costs, geographical issues, the availability and cost of credit, and the stability and solvency of
      financial institutions, financial markets, businesses, local and state governments, and sovereign nations.
      The economic recessions in many countries have contributed and may continue to contribute to extreme
      volatility in the global stock markets, such as the large declines in share prices in the United States,
      China, Hong Kong and other jurisdictions at various times since 2008. These broad market and industry
      fluctuations may adversely affect the prices of our ADSs and/or ordinary shares, regardless of our
      operating performance.


      An active trading market for our ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock
      Exchange might not be sustained, and trading prices of our ordinary shares
      might fluctuate significantly.
      Since our listing in Hong Kong in 2020, our ordinary shares have been traded on the Hong Kong Stock
      Exchange. However, we cannot assure you that an active trading market for our ordinary shares on the
      Hong Kong Stock Exchange will be sustained. The trading price or liquidity for our ADSs on the NASDAQ
      Global Select Market and the trading price or liquidity for our ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock
      Exchange in the past might not be indicative of those of our ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock
      Exchange in the future. If an active trading market of our ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock
      Exchange is not sustained, the market price and liquidity of our ordinary shares could be materially and
      adversely affected.


      In 2014, the Hong Kong, Shanghai and Shenzhen Stock Exchanges collaborated to create an inter-
      exchange trading mechanism called Stock Connect that allows international and mainland Chinese
      investors to trade eligible equity securities listed in each other’s markets through the trading and
      clearing facilities of their home exchange. Stock Connect allows certain mainland Chinese investors to
      trade directly in eligible equity securities listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, known as Southbound
      Trading. If a company’s shares are not considered eligible, they cannot be traded through Stock Connect.
      It is unclear whether and when the ordinary shares of our company will be eligible to be traded through
      Stock Connect, if at all. The ineligibility of our ordinary shares for trading through Stock Connect will
      affect certain mainland Chinese investors’ ability to trade our ordinary shares.




208   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                                          RISK FACTORS



If securities or industry analysts do not continue to publish research or if
they publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the
market prices and trading volume for our ADSs and/or ordinary shares could
decline.
The trading market for our ADSs and/or ordinary shares relies in part on the research and reports that
equity research analysts publish about us or our business. We do not control these analysts. If research
analysts do not maintain adequate research coverage or if one or more of the analysts who covers us
downgrades our ADSs and/or ordinary shares or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our
business, the market price for our ADSs and/or ordinary shares would likely decline. If one or more of
these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in
the financial markets, which, in turn, could cause the market price or trading volume for the ADSs and/or
ordinary shares to decline significantly.


Techniques employed by short sellers may drive down the market prices of
the ADSs and/or ordinary shares.
Short selling is the practice of selling securities that the seller does not own but rather has borrowed
from a third party with the intention of buying identical securities back at a later date to return to the
lender. The short seller hopes to profit from a decline in the value of the securities between the sale of
the borrowed securities and the purchase of the replacement shares, as the short seller expects to pay
less in that purchase than it received in the sale. As it is in the short seller’s interest for the price of the
security to decline, many short sellers publish, or arrange for the publication of, negative opinions and
allegations regarding the relevant issuer and its business prospects in order to create negative market
momentum and generate profits for themselves after selling a security short. These short attacks
have, in the past, led to selling of shares in the market and significant volatility of the prices of ordinary
shares and/or ADSs of the targeted company. We received two short seller reports in September 2020.
After receiving those reports, we immediately formed a special investigation committee, hired attorneys
and conducted an internal investigation regarding the allegations in the relevant reports. Though we
concluded that those unfavorable allegations in the short sellers’ reports were untrue and without
merit, the short seller reports, the volatility in the prices of our ADSs and ordinary shares, as well as our
responses to regulatory inquiries and relevant institutions, had diverted and could continue to divert
our management’s attention. Furthermore, we have spent and could continue to spend a significant
amount of resources investigating such allegations, responding to relevant regulatory inquiries and
defending ourselves against any potential class action lawsuits. In the event we receive additional short
seller reports in the future, our management’s attention could be diverted, which could adversely affect
our business operations and administration. We may need to spend a significant amount of time and
resources responding to the short selling firms and regulatory inquiries and preparing for or defending
against potential class action lawsuits or derivative actions initiated by our investors and shareholders.
Additionally, we may also be constrained in the manner in which we can proceed against the relevant
short sellers by principles of freedom of speech, applicable laws of the relevant jurisdictions or issues of
commercial confidentiality.




                                                                         H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   209
      RISK FACTORS



      We may need additional capital, and the sale of additional ADSs, ordinary
      shares or other equity securities could result in additional dilution to our
      shareholders, and the incurrence of additional indebtedness could increase
      our debt service obligations.
      We generated positive operating income and net income attributable to H World Group Limited in 2023,
      2024 and 2025, respectively. As of December 31, 2025, our current liabilities exceeded our current assets
      by US$242 million. We believe that our current cash and cash equivalents, anticipated cash flow from
      operations, and funds available from borrowings under our bank facilities (including the undrawn bank
      facilities currently available to us and bank facilities we plan to obtain in 2026) will be sufficient to meet
      our anticipated working capital cash needs for at least the next 12 months. Our ability to continue to
      meet our working capital demands depends on our ability to generate cash flows from operations and to
      arrange adequate financing arrangements. For more information, please see “Management Discussion
      and Analysis – Liquidity and Capital Resources.” If we are unable to continue funding our business
      operations or achieve or maintain profitability, the market price of our ADSs may significantly decrease.


      We may, however, require additional cash resources due to changed business conditions, strategic
      acquisitions or other future developments, including expansion through leased and owned hotels and
      any investments or acquisitions we may decide to pursue. If these resources are insufficient to satisfy
      our cash requirements, we may seek to sell additional equity or debt securities or obtain additional
      credit facilities. The sale of additional equity and equity-linked securities could dilute the interests of
      our shareholders and ADS holders and adversely impact the market prices of our ADSs and/or ordinary
      shares. Our incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased debt service obligations and could
      result in operating and financing covenants that would restrict our operations. We cannot assure you
      that financing will be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all.


      Future sales or issuances, or perceived future sales or issuances, of
      substantial amounts of our ordinary shares or ADSs could adversely affect
      the prices of our ADSs and/or ordinary shares.
      If our existing shareholders sell, or are perceived as intending to sell, substantial amounts of our ordinary
      shares or ADSs, including those issued upon the exercise of our outstanding stock options, the market
      price of our ADSs and/or ordinary shares could fall. For example, as of December 31, 2025, we had
      approximately 113.3 million non-vested restricted stocks and 24.4 million share options outstanding.
      Such sales, or perceived potential sales, by our existing shareholders might make it more difficult for us
      to issue new equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and place we deem appropriate.
      Ordinary shares held by our existing shareholders may be sold in the public market in the future subject
      to the restrictions contained in Rule 144 and Rule 701 under the Securities Act and the applicable lock-
      up agreements. If any existing shareholder or shareholders sell a substantial amount of ordinary shares
      after the expiration of the lock-up period, the prevailing market price for our ADSs and/or ordinary shares
      could be adversely affected.




210   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                                     RISK FACTORS


In addition, certain of our shareholders or their transferees and assignees will have the right to
cause us to register the sale of their shares under the Securities Act upon the occurrence of certain
circumstances. Registration of these shares under the Securities Act would result in these shares
becoming freely tradable without restriction under the Securities Act immediately upon the effectiveness
of the registration. Sales of these registered shares in the public market could cause the prices of our
ADSs and/or ordinary shares to decline.

Furthermore, we will be required to issue ADSs to holders of our convertible senior notes due 2026, upon
their conversion of the notes. We have not entered into any hedging transactions to reduce the dilution
to our existing shareholders upon the holders’ conversion of our convertible senior notes due 2026. As a
result, the prevailing trading prices of our ADSs and/or ordinary shares could be adversely affected by
conversions of these notes.

As our founder and co-founders collectively hold a controlling interest in us,
they have significant influence over our management and their interests may
not be aligned with our interests or the interests of our other shareholders.
As of March 31, 2026, our founder, Mr. Qi Ji, who is also our chairman of the board and our co-founders,
Ms. Tong Tong Zhao and Mr. John Jiong Wu, in total beneficially owned approximately 32.2% of our
outstanding ordinary shares on an as-converted basis. The interests of these shareholders may conflict
with the interests of our other shareholders. Our founder and co-founders have significant influence over
us, including on matters relating to mergers, consolidations and the sale of all or substantially all of our
assets, election of directors and other significant corporate actions. This concentration of ownership
may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of us, which could deprive our shareholders of an
opportunity to receive a premium for their shares as part of a sale of our company or of our assets and
might reduce the price of our ADSs and/or ordinary shares. These actions may be taken even if they are
opposed by our other shareholders, including holders of our ADSs and/or ordinary shares.

Holders of our ADSs may not receive dividends or other distributions on
our ordinary shares and may not receive any value for them, if it is illegal or
impractical to make them available to these holders.
The depositary of the ADSs has agreed that if it or the custodian receives any cash dividends or other
distributions on our ordinary shares or other deposited securities underlying the ADSs, it will pay them
to the holders of ADSs after deducting its fees and expenses pursuant to the deposit agreement. The
holders of ADSs will receive these distributions in proportion to the number of ordinary shares that
their ADSs represent. However, the depositary or the custodian is not responsible if it decides that it is
unlawful or impractical to make a distribution available to any holders of ADSs. For example, it would be
unlawful to make a distribution to a holder of ADSs if it consists of securities that require registration
under the Securities Act, but that are not properly registered or distributed under an applicable
exemption from registration. The depositary may also determine that it is not practicable to distribute
certain property. In these cases, the depositary may determine not to distribute such property. We have
no obligation to register under U.S. securities laws any ADSs, ordinary shares, rights or other securities
received through such distributions. We also have no obligation to take any other action to permit the
distribution of ADSs, ordinary shares, rights or anything else to holders of ADSs. This means that the
holders of ADSs may not receive distributions we make on our ordinary shares or any value for them if it
is illegal or impractical for us to make them available to these holders. These restrictions may cause a
material decline in the value of the ADSs.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   211
      RISK FACTORS



      ADS holders may not have the same voting rights as the holders of
      our ordinary shares and generally have fewer rights than our ordinary
      shareholders and must act through the depositary to exercise those rights.
      Holders of ADSs do not have the same rights as our ordinary shareholders and may only exercise voting
      and other shareholder rights with respect to the underlying ordinary shares in accordance with the
      provisions of the deposit agreement. Except as described in the deposit agreement, holders of our
      ADSs may not be able to exercise voting rights attaching to the shares evidenced by our ADSs on an
      individual basis. Holders of our ADSs appoint the depositary or its nominee as their representative to
      exercise the voting rights attaching to the shares represented by the ADSs. ADS holders may not receive
      voting materials in time to instruct the depositary to vote, and it is possible that they may not have
      the opportunity to exercise a right to vote and/or may lack recourse if the ADSs are not voted as you
      requested.


      Except in limited circumstances, the depositary will give us a discretionary
      proxy to vote our ordinary shares underlying the ADSs if holders of these
      ADSs do not give voting instructions to the depositary, which could adversely
      affect the interests of holders of ordinary shares and/or the ADSs.
      Under the deposit agreement, the depositary will give us a discretionary proxy to vote the ordinary shares
      underlying the ADSs at shareholders’ meetings if holders of these ADSs do not give voting instructions to
      the depositary, unless:


      •      we have instructed the depositary that we do not wish a discretionary proxy to be given;


      •      we have informed the depositary that there is substantial opposition as to a matter to be voted on
             at the meeting;


      •      a matter to be voted on at the meeting may adversely affect the rights of shareholders; or


      •      voting at the meeting is made on a show of hands.


      The effect of this discretionary proxy is that, if holders of ADSs fail to give voting instructions to the
      depositary, they cannot prevent our ordinary shares underlying their ADSs from being voted, except
      under the circumstances described above. This may make it more difficult for shareholders to influence
      our management. Holders of our ordinary shares are not subject to this discretionary proxy.


      We adopt different practices as to certain matters as compared with many
      other companies listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
      We completed our public offering and listing in Hong Kong in September 2020 and the trading of our
      ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange commenced on September 22, 2020 under the stock
      code “1179.” As a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Chapter 19C of the Hong
      Kong Listing Rules, we are not subject to certain provisions of the Hong Kong Listing Rules pursuant
      to Rule 19C.11, including, among others, rules on notifiable transactions, connected transactions,
      share option schemes, content of financial statements as well as certain other continuing obligations.
      In addition, in connection with the listing of our ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, we



212   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                                        RISK FACTORS


have been granted a number of waivers and/or exemptions from strict compliance with the Hong Kong
Listing Rules, the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Chapter 32 of the
Laws of Hong Kong), the Code on Takeovers and Mergers and Share Buy-backs (the “Takeovers Codes”)
and the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the “SFO”). As a
result, we will adopt different practices as to those matters, including with respect to the content and
presentation of our annual reports and interim reports, as compared with other companies listed on
the Hong Kong Stock Exchange that do not enjoy those exemptions or waivers. Furthermore, if 55% or
more of the total worldwide trading volume, by dollar value, of our ordinary shares and ADSs over our
most recent financial year takes place on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s markets, the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange will regard us as having a dual primary listing in Hong Kong and we will no longer enjoy
certain exemptions or waivers from strict compliance with the requirements under the Hong Kong Listing
Rules, the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Chapter 32 of the Laws of
Hong Kong), the Takeovers Codes and the SFO, which could result in our needing to undertake additional
compliance activities, to devote additional resources to comply with new requirements, and our incurring
of incremental compliance costs.


ADS holders may not be able to participate in rights offerings and may
experience dilution of his, her or its holdings as a result.
We may from time to time distribute rights to our shareholders, including rights to acquire our securities.
Under the deposit agreement for the ADSs, the depositary will not offer those rights to ADS holders
unless both the rights and the underlying securities to be distributed to ADS holders are either registered
under the Securities Act or exempt from registration under the Securities Act with respect to all holders
of ADSs. We are under no obligation to file a registration statement with respect to any such rights or
underlying securities or to endeavor to cause such a registration statement to be declared effective. In
addition, we may not be able to take advantage of any exemptions from registration under the Securities
Act. Accordingly, holders of our ADSs may be unable to participate in our rights offerings and may
experience dilution in their holdings as a result.


ADS holders may be subject to limitations on transfer of their ADSs.
Our ADSs are transferable on the books of the depositary. However, the depositary may close its transfer
books at any time or from time to time when it deems expedient in connection with the performance of its
duties. In addition, the depositary may refuse to deliver, transfer or register transfers of ADSs generally
when our books or the books of the depositary are closed, or at any time if we or the depositary deem
it advisable to do so because of any requirement of law or of any government or governmental body, or
under any provision of the deposit agreement, or for any other reason.


We may be subject to securities litigation, which is expensive and could
divert management attention.
Companies that have experienced volatility in the volume and market prices of their shares have been
subject to an increased incidence of securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type
of litigation in the future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and divert
our management’s attention from other business concerns, and, if adversely determined, could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.




                                                                       H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   213
      RISK FACTORS



      As a foreign private issuer, we are permitted to, and we will, rely on
      exemptions from certain NASDAQ corporate governance standards
      applicable to U.S. issuers, including the requirement regarding the
      implementation of a nominations committee. This may afford less protection
      to holders of our ordinary shares and ADSs.
      The NASDAQ Marketplace Rules in general require listed companies to have, among other things, a
      nominations committee consisting solely of independent directors. As a foreign private issuer, we
      are permitted to, and we will, follow home country corporate governance practices instead of certain
      requirements of the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules, including, among others, the implementation of a
      nominations committee. The corporate governance practice in our home country, the Cayman Islands,
      does not require the implementation of a nominations committee. We currently intend to rely upon the
      relevant home country exemption with respect to the nominations committee. As a result, the level of
      independent oversight over management of our company may afford less protection to holders of our
      ordinary shares and ADSs.


      Our currently effective articles of association contain anti-takeover
      provisions that could have a material adverse effect on the rights of holders
      of our ordinary shares and ADSs.
      Our currently effective articles of association contain provisions that have potential to limit the ability of
      others to acquire control of our company or cause us to enter into change-of-control transactions. These
      provisions could have the effect of depriving our shareholders of opportunities to sell their shares at a
      premium over prevailing market prices by discouraging third parties from seeking to obtain control of our
      company in a tender offer or similar transaction.


      For example, our board of directors has the authority, without further action by our shareholders, to issue
      preferred shares in one or more classes or series and to fix their designations, powers, preferences, and
      relative participating, optional or other rights and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions, including,
      without limitation, dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption privileges and
      liquidation preferences, any or all of which may be greater than the rights associated with our ordinary
      shares, in the form of ADSs or otherwise. In the event these preferred shares have better voting rights
      than our ordinary shares, in the form of ADSs or otherwise, they could be issued quickly with terms
      calculated to delay or prevent a change in control of our company or make removal of management more
      difficult. If our board of directors decides to issue preferred shares, the price of our ADSs may decline
      and the voting and other rights of the holders of our ordinary shares and ADSs may be materially and
      adversely affected.


      The provisions of our currently effective articles of association may encourage potential acquirers to
      negotiate with us and allow our board of directors the opportunity to consider alternative proposals in
      the interest of maximizing shareholder value. However, these provisions may also discourage acquisition
      proposals or delay or prevent a change in control that could be beneficial to holders of our ordinary
      shares and ADSs.




214   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                                         RISK FACTORS



You may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to
protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts or Hong Kong courts
may be limited. The ability of U.S. or Hong Kong authorities to bring actions
against us or our management may also be limited.
We are an exempted company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands and
conduct a substantial portion of our business and operations through our subsidiaries in China, the
world’s largest emerging market. With the acquisition of Deutsche Hospitality in January 2020, we also
operate part of our business in Germany, among other jurisdictions. Most of our officers reside outside
the United States and Hong Kong and some or all of the assets of those persons are located outside
of the United States and Hong Kong. It may be difficult or impossible for you to bring an action against
us or against these individuals in the Cayman Islands, China, Hong Kong or Germany in the event that
you believe that your rights have been infringed under the securities laws or otherwise. Even if you are
successful in bringing an action of this kind outside the Cayman Islands, China, Hong Kong or Germany,
the laws of the Cayman Islands, China, Hong Kong and Germany may render you unable to effect service
of process upon, or to enforce a judgment against our assets or the assets of our directors and officers.
There is uncertainty as to whether the courts of the Cayman Islands would (i) recognize or enforce
judgments of U.S. courts obtained against us or our directors or officers that are predicated upon the
civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any state in the United States, or (ii)
entertain original actions brought in the Cayman Islands against us or our directors or officers that are
predicated upon the securities laws of the United States or any state in the United States. Although there
is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the federal or state courts of
the United States (and the Cayman Islands are not a party to any treaties for the reciprocal enforcement
or recognition of such judgments), the courts of the Cayman Islands would recognize as a valid judgment,
a final and conclusive judgment in personam obtained in the foreign courts against our company
under which a sum of money is payable (other than a sum of money payable in respect of multiple
damages, taxes or other charges of a like nature or in respect of a fine or other penalty) or, in certain
circumstances, an in personam judgment for non-monetary relief, and would give a judgment based
thereon provided that (a) such courts had proper jurisdiction over the parties subject to such judgment,
(b) such courts did not contravene the rules of natural justice of the Cayman Islands, (c) such judgment
was not obtained by fraud, (d) the enforcement of the judgment would not be contrary to the public policy
of the Cayman Islands, (e) no new admissible evidence relevant to the action is submitted prior to the
rendering of the judgment by the courts of the Cayman Islands, and (f) there is due compliance with the
correct procedures under the laws of the Cayman Islands. A Cayman Islands court may stay enforcement
proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere.


A judgment of a court of another jurisdiction may be reciprocally recognized or enforced if the
jurisdiction has a treaty with China or if judgments of the PRC courts have been recognized before in that
jurisdiction, subject to the satisfaction of other requirements. However, China does not have treaties
providing for the reciprocal enforcement of judgments of courts with Japan, the United Kingdom, the
United States and most other Western countries. There are also uncertainties as to the enforceability in
Germany of civil liabilities based on the U.S. federal and state securities laws or Hong Kong laws, either
in an original action or in an action to enforce a judgment obtained in U.S. courts or Hong Kong courts
(as the case may be). Germany currently does not have a treaty with the U.S. or Hong Kong providing
for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments, other than arbitration awards, in civil and




                                                                         H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   215
      RISK FACTORS


      commercial matters. German courts usually deny the recognition and enforcement of punitive damages
      as incompatible with the fundamental principles of German law. In addition, due to jurisdictional
      limitations, matters of comity and various other factors, the SEC, the Department of Justice and other
      U.S. authorities may be limited in their ability to take enforcement actions, including in instances of
      fraud, against us or our directors and officers in China. In addition, shareholder claims that are common
      in the United States, including class action securities law and fraud claims, are generally uncommon in
      China.


      Our corporate affairs are governed by our currently effective memorandum and articles of association
      and by the Companies Act, Cap 22 (Act 3 of 1961, as consolidated and revised) (the “Companies Act”)
      and the common law of the Cayman Islands. The rights of shareholders to take legal action against our
      directors and us, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us
      under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The
      common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the
      Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, which has persuasive, but not binding, authority
      on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of
      our directors under Cayman Islands law are not as clearly established as they would be under statutes
      or judicial precedents in the United States and Hong Kong. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a
      less developed body of securities laws as compared to the United States and Hong Kong, and provides
      significantly less protection to investors. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing
      to initiate a shareholder derivative action before the federal courts of the United States or the courts
      of Hong Kong. Furthermore, our currently effective articles of association are specific to us and include
      certain provisions that may be different from common practices in Hong Kong, such as the absence
      of requirements that the appointment, removal and remuneration of auditors must be approved by a
      majority of our shareholders.


      As a result of all of the above, our public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their
      interests through actions against our management, directors or major shareholders than would
      shareholders of a corporation incorporated in a jurisdiction in the United States or in Hong Kong.


      It may be difficult for overseas regulators to conduct investigations or
      collect evidence within China.
      On February 24, 2023, the CSRC released the Confidentiality and Archives Provisions, which came into
      effect on March 31, 2023. Pursuant to which, a PRC based company must obtain approvals and make
      filings with relevant authorities when providing or publicly disclosing, by itself or through the overseas
      listing entity, any document or material that involves state secret or work secret of state agencies.
      In addition, pursuant to such regulation, any cross-border investigation, collection of evidence or
      inspection targeting PRC-based issuers, securities companies and security service institutions proposed
      by overseas securities regulatory authorities must be carried out through cross-border regulatory
      cooperation mechanism and reported to CSRC or relevant competent departments in advance.




216   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                                        RISK FACTORS


As of the date of this annual report, there remains uncertainties as to the interpretation and
implementation of such regulation. Also, shareholder claims or regulatory investigations that are
common in the United States generally are difficult to pursue as a matter of law or practicality in China.
For example, in China, there are significant legal and other obstacles to providing information needed
for regulatory investigations or litigation initiated outside China. Although the authorities in China may
establish a regulatory cooperation mechanism with the securities regulatory authorities of another
country or region to implement cross-border supervision and administration, such cooperation with the
securities regulatory authorities in the United States may not be efficient in the absence of mutual and
practical cooperation mechanisms. Furthermore, according to Article 177 of the PRC Securities Law,
or Article 177, which became effective in March 2020, no overseas securities regulator is allowed to
directly conduct investigation or evidence collection activities within the territory of the PRC. In addition,
the Data Security Law and the Personal Information Protection Law provide that no entity or individual
within the PRC territory can provide any foreign judicial body and law enforcement body with any data
or any personal information stored within the PRC territory without the approval of the competent PRC
regulatory authority. While detailed interpretations of or implementation rules under Article 177 have
yet to be promulgated, the inability for an overseas securities regulator to directly conduct investigation
or evidence collection activities within China may increase difficulties you may face in protecting your
interests.


The different characteristics of the capital markets in Hong Kong and the
U.S. may negatively affect the trading prices of our ordinary shares and
ADSs.
We are subject to Hong Kong and NASDAQ listing and regulatory requirements concurrently. The Hong
Kong Stock Exchange and the NASDAQ Global Select Market have different trading hours, trading
characteristics (including trading volume and liquidity), trading and listing rules, and investor bases
(including different levels of retail and institutional participation). As a result of these differences, the
trading prices of our ordinary shares and/or ADSs may not be the same, even allowing for currency
differences and the ADS ratio. Fluctuations in the price of our ADSs due to circumstances peculiar to the
U.S. capital markets could materially and adversely affect the price of the ordinary shares, or vice versa.
Certain events having significant negative impact specifically on the U.S. capital markets may result in
a decline in the trading price of our ordinary shares notwithstanding that such event may not impact the
trading prices of securities listed in Hong Kong generally or to the same extent, or vice versa. Because of
the different characteristics of the U.S. and Hong Kong capital markets, the historical market prices of
our ADSs in the NASDAQ Global Select Market may not be indicative of the trading performance of the
ordinary shares in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, and vice versa.


Exchange between our ordinary shares and our ADSs may adversely affect
the liquidity and/or trading price of each other.
Our ADSs are currently traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market. Subject to compliance with U.S.
securities law and the terms of the deposit agreement, holders of our ordinary shares may deposit
ordinary shares with the depositary in exchange for the issuance of our ADSs. Any holder of ADSs may
also withdraw the ordinary shares underlying the ADSs pursuant to the terms of the deposit agreement




                                                                        H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   217
      RISK FACTORS


      for trading on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. In the event that a substantial number of ordinary shares
      are deposited with the depositary in exchange for ADSs, or vice versa, the liquidity and trading prices
      of our ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and our ADSs on the NASDAQ Global Select
      Market may be adversely affected.


      The time required for the exchange between ordinary shares and ADSs may
      be longer than expected and investors may not be able to settle or effect
      any sale of their securities during this period, and the exchange of ordinary
      shares into ADSs involves costs.
      There is no direct trading or settlement route between the NASDAQ Global Select Market and the Hong
      Kong Stock Exchange on which our ADSs and the ordinary shares are respectively traded. In addition,
      the time differences between Hong Kong and New York and unforeseen market circumstances or other
      factors may delay the deposit of ordinary shares in exchange of ADSs or the withdrawal of ordinary
      shares underlying the ADSs. Investors will be prevented from settling or effecting the sale of their
      securities during such periods of delay. In addition, there is no assurance that any exchange of ordinary
      shares into ADSs (and vice versa) will be completed in accordance with the timelines investors may
      anticipate.


      Furthermore, the depositary for the ADSs is entitled to charge holders fees for various services including
      for the issuance of ADSs upon deposit of ordinary shares, the release of ordinary shares upon cancelation
      of ADSs, distributions of cash dividends or other cash distributions, distributions of ADSs pursuant to
      share dividends or other free share distributions, distributions of securities other than ADSs and annual
      service fees. As a result, shareholders who exchange ordinary shares into ADSs, and vice versa, may not
      achieve the level of economic return the shareholders may anticipate.


      We may be classified as a passive foreign investment company, which could
      result in adverse United States federal income tax consequences for U.S.
      Holders of our ADSs or ordinary shares.
      Based on our audited consolidated financial statements and relevant market and shareholder data, we
      do not believe that we were a passive foreign investment company (a “PFIC”) for U.S. federal income tax
      purposes for 2025. In addition, based on our audited consolidated financial statements and our current
      expectations regarding the value and nature of our assets, the sources and nature of our income, and
      relevant market and shareholder data, we do not anticipate becoming a PFIC in 2026. The application of
      the PFIC rules is subject to ambiguity in several respects and, in addition, we must make annual separate
      determinations each year as to whether we are a PFIC (after the close of each taxable year). Accordingly,
      we cannot assure you of our PFIC status for 2026 or for any future taxable year. If we were treated as a
      PFIC for any taxable year during which a U.S. Holder (as defined herein) held an ADS or an ordinary share,
      certain adverse United States federal income tax consequences could apply to the U.S. Holder. For a
      more detailed discussion of United States federal income tax consequences to U.S. Holders, see “Other
      Information for Shareholders – Taxation – United States Federal Income Tax Considerations.”




218   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                                     RISK FACTORS



There is uncertainty as to whether Hong Kong stamp duty will apply to the
trading or conversion of our ADSs.
In connection with the public offering of our ordinary shares in Hong Kong in September 2020, or the
Hong Kong IPO, we established a branch register of members in Hong Kong, or the Hong Kong share
register. Our ordinary shares that are traded on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, including those issued in
the Hong Kong IPO and those that may be converted from ADSs, are registered on the Hong Kong share
register, and the trading of these ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange are subject to the
Hong Kong stamp duty. To facilitate ADS-ordinary share conversion and trading between the NASDAQ
Global Select Market and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, we have moved a portion of our issued ordinary
shares from our Cayman share register to our Hong Kong share register.


Under the Hong Kong Stamp Duty Ordinance, any person who effects any sale or purchase of Hong Kong
stock, defined as stock the transfer of which is required to be registered in Hong Kong, is required to
pay Hong Kong stamp duty. The stamp duty is currently set at a total rate of 0.2% of the greater of the
consideration for, or the value of, shares transferred, with 0.1% payable by each of the buyer and the
seller.


To the best of our knowledge, Hong Kong stamp duty has not been levied in practice on the trading or
conversion of ADSs of companies that are listed in both the United States and Hong Kong and that have
maintained all or a portion of their ordinary shares, including ordinary shares underlying ADSs, in their
Hong Kong share registers. However, it is unclear whether, as a matter of Hong Kong law, the trading or
conversion of ADSs of these dual-listed companies constitutes a sale or purchase of the underlying Hong
Kong-registered ordinary shares that is subject to Hong Kong stamp duty. We advise investors to consult
their own tax advisors on this matter. If Hong Kong stamp duty is determined by the competent authority
to apply to the trading or conversion of our ADSs, the trading price and the value of your investment in
our ADSs or ordinary shares may be affected.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   219
      DEFINITIONS


      CONVENTIONS THAT APPLY TO THIS ANNUAL REPORT
      Unless otherwise indicated, all translations from U.S. dollars to RMB in this annual report were made at
      a rate of US$1.00 to RMB6.9931, the exchange rate as set forth in the H.10 statistical release of the U.S.
      Federal Reserve Board on December 31, 2025. No representation is made that the RMB amounts referred
      to herein could have been or could be converted into U.S. dollars at any particular rate or at all. On April
      17, 2026, the exchange rate was US$1.00 to RMB6.8170. Any discrepancies in any table between totals
      and sums of the amounts listed are due to rounding.


      Unless otherwise indicated, in this annual report,


      •      “ADRs ” are to the American depositary receipts that may evidence our ADSs;


      •      “ADSs ” are to our American depositary shares, each representing ten ordinary shares;


      •      “China ” or the “PRC ” refers to the People’s Republic of China, and only in the context of describing
             PRC rules, laws, regulations, regulatory authority,and any PRC entities or citizens under such
             rules, laws and regulations and other legal or tax matters in this annual report, excludes Hong
             Kong, Macau and Taiwan;


      •      “Consolidated Affiliated Entities ” are to Tianjin Jizhu, Shanghai Huanmei and its wholly owned
             subsidiary Huanmei Travel, and Ningbo Futing, each of which is a Consolidated Affiliated Entity;


      •      “Deutsche Hospitality ” or “legacy DH ” refers to Steigenberger Hotels GmbH (formerly known as
             Steigenberger Hotels Aktiengesellschaft), a subsidiary of our company established under the laws
             of Germany on September 12, 1985, and its subsidiaries;


      •      “EUR ” or “Euro ” refers to the legal currency of European Union;


      •      “HKD ” refers to the legal currency of Hong Kong;


      •      “Hong Kong ” or “HK ” refers to the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC;


      •      “Hong Kong Listing Rules ” are to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock
             Exchange of Hong Kong Limited;


      •      “Hong Kong Stock Exchange ” is to The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited;


      •      “Huanmei Travel ” is to Huanmei International Travel Agency (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.;


      •      “leased hotels ” are to leased-and-operated hotels;




220   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                                        DEFINITIONS


•     “legacy Huazhu ” refers to our company excluding Deutsche Hospitality;


•     “Macau ” refers to the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC;


•     “manachised hotels ” are to franchised-and-managed hotels;


•     “Ningbo Futing ” is to Ningbo Futing Enterprise Management Co., Ltd.;


•     “occupancy rate ” refers to the number of rooms in use divided by the number of available rooms
      for a given period;


•     “RevPAR ” refers to revenue per available room, calculated by room revenue during a period divided
      by the number of available rooms of such hotel during the same period;


•     “ordinary shares ” or “Shares ” are to our ordinary shares, par value US$0.00001 per share;


•     “RMB ” or “Renminbi ” refers to the legal currency of China;


•     “Shanghai Huanmei ” is to Huanmei Information Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.;


•     “Tianjin Jizhu ” is to Tianjin Jizhu Information Technology Co., Ltd. (formerly known as Tianjin
      Mengguang Information Technology Co., Ltd.);


•     “US$ ” and “U.S. dollars ” are to the legal currency of the United States;


•     “VIEs ” are to the Consolidated Affiliated Entities; and


•     “We ,” “us ,” “our company ,” “our ” and “Huazhu ” are to H World Group Limited (formerly known as
      Huazhu Group Limited and China Lodging Group, Limited), a Cayman Islands exempted company
      with limited liability, its predecessor entities and its subsidiaries and, in the context of describing
      our operations and consolidated financial information, the VIEs.


When calculating the number of cities in China with our hotel network coverage in this annual report, we
include the number of municipalities, cities and counties with at least one hotel under our operation or
under development.


The English version of this annual report prevail over the Chinese version.


The English names of the PRC entities, PRC laws or regulations, and the PRC governmental authorities
referred to in this annual report are translations from their Chinese names and are for identification
purposes. If there is any inconsistency, the Chinese names shall prevail.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   221
      DEFINITIONS



      FORWARD – LOOKING STATEMENTS
      This annual report contains forward-looking statements that are made under the “safe harbor” provisions
      of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of
      historical fact contained in this annual report, including those regarding our future financial position,
      strategies, plans, objectives, goals and targets, future developments in the markets where we participate
      or are seeking to participate and any statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words “aim,”
      “anticipate,” “believe,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “going forward,” “intend,” “may,” “ought to,” “plan,”
      “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “seek,” “should,” “will,” “would,” “vision,” “aspire,” “target,” “schedules,”
      “goal,” “outlook” and the negative of these words and other similar expressions, as they relate to us or our
      management, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such statements reflect the current
      views of our management with respect to future events, operations, liquidity and capital resources,
      some of which may not materialize or may change. These statements are subject to certain known and
      unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including the risk factors as described in this annual
      report. You are strongly cautioned that reliance on any forward-looking statements involves known and
      unknown risks and uncertainties. The risks and uncertainties facing us which could affect the accuracy
      of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the following:


      •      our anticipated growth strategies, including developing new hotels at desirable locations in a
             timely and cost-effective manner and launching a new hotel brand;


      •      our future business development, results of operations and financial condition;


      •      expected changes in our revenues and certain cost or expense items;


      •      our ability to attract customers and leverage our brand;


      •      trends and competition in the lodging industry;


      •      the status of the relevant regulatory and legislative developments in the countries we operate;
             and


      •      general economic, business and socio-political conditions globally, including recent Israel-Hamas
             military conflict and Russia-Ukraine military conflict.




222   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                                       DEFINITIONS


By their nature, certain disclosures relating to these and other risks are only estimates and should one or
more of these uncertainties or risks, among others, materialize, actual results may vary materially from
those estimated, anticipated or projected, as well as from historical results. Specifically but without
limitation, sales could decrease, costs could increase, capital costs could increase, capital investment
could be delayed and anticipated improvements in performance might not be fully realized.


We would like to caution you not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and
you should read these statements in conjunction with the risk factors disclosed in “Risk Factors.”
Other sections of this annual report include additional factors that could adversely affect our business
and financial performance. Moreover, we operate in an evolving environment. New risk factors and
uncertainties emerge from time to time and it is not possible for our management to predict all risk
factors and uncertainties, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to
which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those
contained in any forward-looking statements. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these
cautionary statements.


You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We undertake no
obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   223
      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

      To the Shareholders of H World Group Limited
      (incorporated in Cayman Islands with limited liability)


      OPINION
      We have audited the consolidated financial statements of H World Group Limited (the “Company”) and
      its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 229 to 301, which comprise the
      consolidated balance sheet as at December 31, 2025, and the consolidated statement of comprehensive
      income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the
      year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of principal
      accounting policies.


      In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated
      financial position of the Group as of December 31, 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance
      and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with accounting principles
      generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S.GAAP”).


      BASIS FOR OPINION
      We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by
      the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those
      standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
      Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the
      HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical
      responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is
      sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


      KEY AUDIT MATTERS
      Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our
      audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in
      the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion
      thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.




224   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



Key audit matter                                     How our audit addressed the key audit matter


Impairment Assessment of Goodwill and Brand Name with Indefinite Lives related to DH acquisition


As more fully described in Notes 2, 5, and 7         •    We tested the effectiveness of internal
to the consolidated financial statements, the             controls related to management’s
Company recognized goodwill and brand names               determination of significant assumptions
related to its acquisition of Steigenberger Hotels        used in the discounted cash flow model.
Aktiengesellschaft Germany (“DH”). The Company
concluded through its impairment analyses, no        •    We evaluated the reasonableness
impairment on goodwill and brand names should             of significant assumptions used by
be recognized for the year ended December 31,             management in the cash flow projections
2025.                                                     for the determination of fair value of legacy
                                                          DH reporting unit and a brand name with
We identified impairment assessments of goodwill          infinite lives. We also evaluated the ranges
and a brand name with indefinite lives assigned to        and probabilities of reasonably possible
the legacy DH reporting unit as a key audit matter        outcomes, and whether management set its
because of the significant judgments made by              point estimates within the ranges.
management relating the determination of the
estimated fair value of the legacy DH reporting      •    We evaluated management’s ability in future
unit as part of the impairment assessments. The           revenues and costs forecast by comparing
Company determined the estimated fair value of            actual results to management’s historical
the legacy DH reporting unit and this brand name          forecasts.
assigned to the legacy DH reporting unit using
the discounted cash flow model under income          •    With the assistance of internal valuation
approach, which requires management to make               specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness
significant estimates and assumptions related             of the discount rates by developing a range of
to projected hotels’ revenues and growth rates,           independent estimates and comparing those
projected operating cost, royalty saving rates            to the related rates selected by management.
and discount rates (collectively referred to as
“significant assumptions”). These significant        •    We tested the accuracy and completeness of
assumptions are inherently uncertain in that              the key data used in developing estimates.
the estimates change from year to year and are
sensitive to change in market conditions and
consumer demands. It required a high degree of
auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort
when performing audit procedures to evaluate
the reasonableness of management’s significant
estimates and assumption.




                                                                  H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   225
      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



      OTHER INFORMATION
      The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises
      the information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements
      and our auditor’s report thereon.


      Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
      express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.


      In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the
      other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with
      the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to
      be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material
      misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in
      this regard.


      RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED
      WITH GOVERNANCE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
      STATEMENTS
      The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial
      statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and for such internal control as
      the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that
      are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


      In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the
      Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern
      and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group
      or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.


      Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




226   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                    INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s
report that includes our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of
engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to
any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance,
but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if,
individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions
of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.


As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain
professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:


•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
      whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and
      obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk
      of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from
      error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the
      override of internal control.


•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
      procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
      opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.


•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
      estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.


•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
      and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events
      or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.
      If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s
      report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures
      are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained
      up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group
      to cease to continue as a going concern.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   227
      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


      •       Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
              including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the
              underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.


      •       Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities
              or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial
              statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit.
              We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.


      We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned
      scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in
      internal control that we identify during our audit.


      We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant
      ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other
      matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions
      taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.


      From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that
      were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period
      and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or
      regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we
      determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of
      doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


      The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Jacky Wong Suk
      Hung.




      Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
      Certified Public Accountants
      Hong Kong
      April 24, 2026




228   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                            CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                                          (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)



                                                                          As of December 31,
                                                                    2024                 2025               2025
                                                                                                 US$’ in millions
                                                                                                         (Note 2)
ASSETS
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents                                         7,474              10,386                1,485
  Restricted cash                                                      50                 146                   21
  Short-term investments, including marketable
    securities measured at fair value of RMB81
    and RMB69 as of December 31, 2024 and 2025,
    respectively                                                    3,603               4,894                  700
  Accounts receivable, net                                            817                 723                  104
  Loan receivables – current, net                                     114                  87                   12
  Amounts due from related parties – current, net                     297                 272                   39
  Inventories                                                          60                  57                    8
  Other current assets, net                                           800                 870                  124
Total current assets                                              13,215               17,435                2,493
  Property and equipment, net                                      5,682                5,230                  748
  Intangible assets, net                                           4,776                5,028                  719
  Operating lease right-of-use assets                             24,992               24,983                3,573
  Finance lease right-of-use assets                                2,272                2,394                  342
  Land use rights, net                                               174                  155                   22
  Long-term investments, including available-for-sale
    debt securities measured at fair value of RMB230
    and RMB175 as of December 31, 2024 and 2025,
    respectively                                                    2,316               1,369                  196
  Goodwill                                                          5,221               5,428                  776
  Amounts due from related parties, net                                51                  42                    6
  Loan receivables, net                                               190                 132                   19
  Other assets, net                                                   668                 752                  108
  Deferred income tax assets                                        1,054               1,157                  165
  Assets held for sale                                              1,941                 669                   96
Total assets                                                      62,552               64,774                9,263
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY
Current liabilities:
  Short-term debt and current portion of
    long-term debt                                                    880               5,337                  763
  Accounts payable                                                    983               1,020                  146
  Amounts due to related parties                                       74                 129                   18
  Salary and welfare payables                                       1,201               1,188                  170
  Deferred revenue                                                  1,822               1,823                  261
  Operating lease liabilities, current                              3,492               3,478                  497
  Finance lease liabilities, current                                   50                  59                    8
  Accrued expenses and other current liabilities                    4,006               4,902                  702
  Income tax payable                                                  813               1,191                  170
Total current liabilities                                         13,321               19,127                2,735




                                                                        H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025         229
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)



                                                                                           As of December 31,
                                                                                      2024           2025                2025
                                                                                                              US$’ in millions
                                                                                                                      (Note 2)
      Long-term debt                                                                  4,546            479                 68
      Operating lease liabilities, non-current                                       23,634         23,653              3,382
      Finance lease liabilities, non-current                                          2,843          3,063                438
      Deferred revenue                                                                1,351          1,602                229
      Other long-term liabilities                                                     1,472          1,925                276
      Retirement benefit obligations                                                    111            109                 16
      Deferred income tax liabilities                                                   919          1,187                170
      Liabilities held for sale                                                       2,084            671                 96
      Total liabilities                                                              50,281         51,816              7,410
      Commitments and contingencies (Note 21)
      Equity:
        Ordinary shares (US$0.00001 par value per share;
          80,000,000,000 shares authorized; 3,105,094,690
          and 3,098,323,810 shares issued as of December
          31, 2024 and 2025, and 3,083,916,600 and
          3,071,525,690 shares outstanding as of
          December 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively)                                       0              0                  0
        Treasury shares (21,178,090 and 26,798,120 shares
          as of December 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively)                              (274)          (662)               (95)
        Additional paid-in capital                                                    9,620          9,653              1,381
        Retained earnings                                                             2,449          3,614                517
        Accumulated other comprehensive income                                          382            199                 28
      Total H World Group Limited shareholders’ equity                               12,177         12,804              1,831
      Noncontrolling interest                                                            94            154                 22
      Total equity                                                                   12,271         12,958              1,853
      Total liabilities and equity                                                   62,552         64,774              9,263




      The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




230   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                    CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                       (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)




                                                                                  Years Ended December 31,
                                                                       2023             2024              2025              2025
                                                                                                                  US$’ in millions
                                                                                                                         (Note 2)

Revenues:
  Leased and owned hotels                                            13,796           13,843            12,943              1,851
  Manachised and franchised hotels                                    7,694            9,498            11,696              1,672
  Others                                                                392              550               668                 95
Total revenues                                                       21,882           23,891            25,307              3,618
Operating costs and expenses:
  Hotel operating costs                                              14,341           15,285            15,339              2,194
  Other operating costs                                                  34               31                61                  9
  Selling and marketing expenses                                      1,072            1,176             1,270                182
  General and administrative expenses                                 2,086            2,508             2,262                321
  Pre-opening expenses                                                   35               50                41                  6
Total operating costs and expenses                                   17,568           19,050            18,973              2,712
Goodwill impairment loss                                                   4               –                 –                  –
Other operating income, net                                             404              359               485                 69
Income from operations                                                4,714            5,200             6,819                975
Interest income                                                         248              210               223                 32
Interest expense                                                        385              318               337                 48
Other income, net                                                       573               51                38                  5
Gain (loss) from fair value changes of equity securities, net           109              (66)              (10)                 (1)
Foreign exchange gain (loss), net                                        90             (272)              569                 81
Income before income taxes                                            5,349            4,805             7,302              1,044
Income tax expense                                                    1,204            1,662             2,161                309
Loss from equity method investments                                      (14)            (41)              (26)                (4)
Net income                                                            4,131            3,102             5,115                731
Less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interest                 46               54                35                  5
Net income attributable to H World Group Limited                      4,085            3,048             5,080                726




                                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025         231
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)




                                                                                       Years Ended December 31,
                                                                             2023          2024             2025                2025
                                                                                                                      US$’ in millions
                                                                                                                             (Note 2)

      Other comprehensive income
      (Loss) gain arising from defined benefit plan, net of tax of
        RMB(3), RMB0 and RMB2 for the year ended 2023, 2024
        and 2025, respectively                                                 (9)             6                  9                 1
      Loss from fair value changes of debt securities, net of tax
        of RMB3, RMB13 and RMB3 for 2023,2024 and 2025,
        respectively                                                          (12)           (38)              (8)                 (1)
      Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax of nil
        for the years ended 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively                 175            28             (184)                 (26)
      Comprehensive income                                                  4,285          3,098           4,932                  705
      Less: comprehensive income attributable to the
        noncontrolling interest                                                46            54               35                    5
      Comprehensive income attributable to H World Group
        Limited                                                             4,239          3,044           4,897                  700
      Earnings per share:
        Basic                                                                1.28           0.98             1.65                0.24
        Diluted                                                              1.25           0.96             1.60                0.23
      Weighted average number of shares used in computation:
        Basic                                                        3,183,163,131 3,115,130,107    3,070,939,457      3,070,939,457
        Diluted                                                      3,351,421,211 3,278,308,290    3,247,494,097      3,247,494,097




      The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




232   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                                                                                                           Accumulated
                                                                                                                       Ordinary Shares               Treasury Shares                                               Other
                                                                                                                 Outstanding                                                  Additional     Retained    Comprehensive     Noncontrolling
                                                                                                                      shares         Amount         Shares         Amount Paid-in Capital    Earnings     (Loss) Income         Interest     Total Equity
                                           Balance at January 1, 2023                                           3,112,413,730             0    153,019,860              (441)      10,138      (1,200)              232               74           8,803
                                           Issuance of ordinary shares upon exercise of options and
                                             vesting of restricted stocks                                          6,793,560             0                –                –           (0)          –                 –                –               –
                                           Vesting of restricted stock in Treasury Shares                          3,239,790             –       (3,239,790)              11          (11)          –                 –                –               –
                                           Conversion of Convertible Senior Notes due 2022                               240             0                –                –            0           –                 –                –               0
                                           Share-based compensation                                                        –             –                –                –          143           –                 –                –             143
                                           Net income                                                                      –             –                –                –            –       4,085                 –               46           4,131
                                           Dividends to noncontrolling interest holders                                    –             –                –                –            –           –                 –               (2)             (2)
                                           Issuance of ordinary shares                                            71,185,000             0                –                –        1,963           –                 –                –           1,963
                                           Capital contribution from noncontrolling interest holders                       –             –                –                –            –           –                 –                0               0
                                           Acquisition of noncontrolling interest                                          –             –                –                –           (0)          –                 –               (4)             (4)
                                           Loss from fair value changes of debt securities,
                                             net of tax benefit of RMB3                                                     –             –               –                –            –           –               (12)               –             (12)
                                           Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax of nil                      –             –               –                –            –           –               175                –             175
                                           Repurchase of ordinary shares                                          (34,585,970)            –      34,585,970             (848)           –           –                 –                –            (848)
                                           Cash dividends declared                                                          –             –               –                –            –      (2,091)                –                –          (2,091)
                                           Cancellation of ordinary shares                                                  –            (0)   (133,019,860)             372         (372)          –                 –                –               0
                                           Loss arising from defined benefit plan, net of tax benefit of RMB3               –             –               –                –            –           –                (9)               –              (9)
                                           Balance at December 31, 2023                                         3,159,046,350             0     51,346,180              (906)      11,861        794                386              114          12,249
                                           Issuance of ordinary shares upon exercise of options and
                                             vesting of restricted stocks                                          1,497,730             0                –                –          (0)           –                 –                 –              –
                                           Vesting of restricted stock in Treasury Shares                          7,167,980             –       (7,167,980)              25         (25)           –                 –                 –              –
                                           Share-based compensation                                                        –             –                –                –         322            –                 –                 –            322
                                           Net income                                                                      –             –                –                –           –        3,048                 –                54          3,102
                                           Dividends to noncontrolling interest holders                                    –             –                –                –           –            –                 –                (4)            (4)
                                           Capital contribution from noncontrolling interest holders                       –             –                –                –           –            –                 –                 0              0
                                           Acquisition of noncontrolling interest                                          –             –                –                –         (49)           –                 –               (70)          (119)
                                           Loss from fair value changes of debt securities,
                                             net of tax benefit of RMB13                                                    –            –               –                  –           –           –               (38)               –             (38)
                                           Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax of nil                      –            –               –                  –           –           –                28                –              28
                                           Repurchase of ordinary shares                                          (52,761,410)           –      52,761,410             (1,172)          –           –                 –                –          (1,172)
                                           Purchase of prepaid put option                                                   –            –               –                  –        (710)          –                 –                –            (710)
H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            (Renminbi in millions, except share data, or otherwise stated)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY




233
234



                                                                                                                                                                                                    Accumulated
                                                                                                                Ordinary Shares               Treasury Shares                                               Other
                                                                                                          Outstanding                                                  Additional     Retained    Comprehensive     Noncontrolling
                                                                                                               shares         Amount         Shares         Amount Paid-in Capital    Earnings     (Loss) Income         Interest    Total Equity
                                           Repurchase of ordinary shares upon exercise of prepaid
                                             put option                                                    (31,034,050)            –      31,034,050             (710)         710           –                 –                –              –
                                           Cash dividends declared                                                   –             –               –                –            –      (1,393)                –                –         (1,393)
                                           Cancellation of ordinary shares                                           –            (0)   (106,795,570)           2,489       (2,489)          –                 –                –              –
                                           Gain arising from defined benefit plan, net of tax of RMB0                –             –               –                –            –           –                 6                –              6
                                           Balance at December 31, 2024                                  3,083,916,600             0     21,178,090              (274)       9,620       2,449               382               94         12,271
                                           Issuance of ordinary shares upon exercise of options and
                                             vesting of restricted stocks                                   5,246,150              0               –                –          16           –                  –                –             16
H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025



                                           Exercise of share option and vesting of restricted stock in
                                             Treasury Shares                                               14,379,970             –      (14,379,970)            172          (150)         –                  –                –             22
                                           Share-based compensation                                                 –             –                –               –           420          –                  –                –            420
                                           Net income                                                               –             –                –               –             –      5,080                  –               35          5,115
                                           Dividends to noncontrolling interest holders                             –             –                –               –             –          –                  –               (4)            (4)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    (Renminbi in millions, except share data, or otherwise stated)




                                           Capital contribution from noncontrolling interest holders                –             –                –               –             –          –                  –                1              1
                                           Acquisition of noncontrolling interest                                   –             –                –               –           (30)         –                  –               28             (2)
                                           Loss from fair value changes of debt securities,
                                             net of tax benefit of RMB3                                              –             –              –                 –            –           –                (8)               –             (8)
                                           Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax of nil               –             –              –                 –            –           –              (184)               –           (184)
                                           Repurchase of ordinary shares                                   (32,017,030)            –     32,017,030              (783)           –           –                 –                –           (783)
                                           Cash dividends declared                                                   –             –              –                 –            –      (3,915)                –                –         (3,915)
                                           Cancellation of ordinary shares                                           –            (0)   (12,017,030)              223         (223)          –                 –                –              –
                                           Gain arising from defined benefit plan, net of tax of RMB2                –             –              –                 –            –           –                 9                –              9
                                           Balance at December 31, 2025                                  3,071,525,690             0     26,798,120              (662)       9,653      3,614                199              154         12,958
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY




                                           The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
                      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                  (Renminbi in millions, or otherwise stated)




                                                                              Years Ended December 31,
                                                                     2023          2024             2025               2025
                                                                                                             US$ in millions
                                                                                                                    (Note 2)

Operating activities:
  Net income                                                        4,131          3,102            5,115               731
  Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash
    provided by operating activities:
    Share-based compensation                                          143            322             420                 60
    Depreciation and amortization                                   1,414          1,332            1,257               180
    Amortization of issuance cost of convertible senior notes
      and upfront fee on bank borrowings                               34              5                –                 –
    Deferred income taxes                                              29            113             147                 21
    Credit loss                                                        89              3              (18)                (3)
    Impairment loss                                                   516            537             242                 35
    Loss from equity method investments, net of dividends              72             97               81                12
    Foreign currency exchange (gain) loss                            (119)           263             (566)              (81)
    Investment income                                                (806)           (13)             (98)              (14)
    Noncash lease expense                                           2,163          2,300            2,233               319
    Others                                                             48             23             (131)              (18)
    Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effect of
      acquisitions:
       Accounts receivable                                            296            (95)            117                 17
       Salary and welfare payables                                    402            121              (38)                (5)
       Deferred revenue                                               576            467             231                 33
       Accrued expenses and other current liabilities               1,133            752             936                134
       Operating lease liabilities                                  (2,548)       (2,453)          (2,383)             (341)
       Income tax payable                                              62            251             378                 53
       Other long-term liabilities                                     84            382             435                 62
       Others, net                                                     (45)            9               21                 3
Net cash provided by operating activities                           7,674          7,518            8,379             1,198

Investing activities:
  Purchases of property and equipment                                (894)          (883)            (828)             (119)
  Purchases of intangible asset                                         (7)          (15)             (10)                (1)
  Purchases of investments                                          (3,509)       (4,017)          (8,134)           (1,163)
  Proceeds from maturity/sale and return of investments             2,972          2,563            7,777             1,112
  Origination of loan receivables                                    (226)          (178)             (69)              (10)
  Collection of loan receivables                                      137            217             153                 22
  Other investing activities                                           50             74               69                10
Net cash used in investing activities                               (1,477)       (2,239)          (1,042)             (149)




                                                                              H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025          235
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
      (Renminbi in millions, or otherwise stated)




                                                                             Years Ended December 31,
                                                                    2023          2024           2025               2025
                                                                                                          US$ in millions
                                                                                                                 (Note 2)
      Financing activities:
        Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares                  1,973              –             –                  –
        Net proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares upon
          exercise of options                                           –             –             38                 5
        Payment of repurchases of ordinary shares                    (848)       (1,172)          (783)             (112)
        Proceeds from short-term debt                                 745            77          3,595               514
        Repayment of short-term debt                               (3,436)         (367)        (2,272)             (325)
        Proceeds from long-term debt                                  350           490              –                 –
        Repayment of long-term debt                                (2,336)         (140)          (850)             (122)
        Proceeds from long-term finance liabilities                    74            72             28                 4
        Repayment of long-term finance liabilities                    (66)          (73)           (66)               (9)
        Dividends paid                                                  –        (3,480)        (3,907)             (559)
        Principal payments of finance lease                           (82)          (65)           (57)               (8)
        Purchase of prepaid put option                                  –          (710)             –                 –
        Other financing activities                                    (94)         (136)           (32)               (4)
      Net cash used in financing activities                        (3,720)       (5,504)        (4,306)             (616)
      Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and
        cash equivalents, and restricted cash                        164            30             (30)                (4)
      Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and
        restricted cash, including cash and cash equivalents
        classified within assets held for sale                     2,641           (195)         3,001               429
      Less: net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
        classified within assets held for sale                        17             (9)            (7)                (1)
      Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
        at the beginning of the year                               5,086          7,710          7,524             1,076
      Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
        at the end of the year                                     7,710          7,524        10,532              1,506
      Cash and cash equivalents                                    6,946          7,474        10,386              1,485
      Restricted cash                                                764             50           146                 21
      Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash shown
        in the statements of cash flows                            7,710          7,524        10,532              1,506
      Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
      Interest paid, net of amounts capitalized                      263            166            169                24
      Income taxes paid                                            1,127          1,310          1,632               233
      Supplemental schedule of non-cash investing
        and financing activities:
      Purchases of property and equipment included in payables       477           437            336                 48


      The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




236   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
            CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
                                       (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


1. ORGANIZATION AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
   H World Group Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands under the laws of
   the Cayman Islands on January 4, 2007. The principal business activities of the Company and its
   subsidiaries and consolidated variable interest entities (the “Group”) are to develop and operate
   leased and owned, manachised and franchised hotels mainly in the People’s Republic of China
   (“PRC”or “PRC Mainland”, excluding, for the purposes of this consolidated financial statements
   only, Taiwan, the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and the Macao Special Administrative
   Region), Europe and other countries and areas.


   On January 2, 2020, the Group completed the acquisition of 100% equity interest of Steigenberger
   Hotels Aktiengesellschaft (“Deutsche Hospitality” or “DH”) which was renamed as Steigenberger
   Hotels GmbH. Deutsche Hospitality was engaged in the business of leasing, franchising, operating
   and managing hotels in the midscale and upscale market in Europe, the Middle East and Africa.
   After the acquisition, “legacy DH” refers to Deutsche Hospitality and its subsidiaries and “legacy
   Huazhu” refers to the Group excluding Deutsche Hospitality.


   LEASED AND OWNED HOTELS
   The Group leases hotel properties from lessors or purchases properties directly and is responsible
   for all aspects of hotel operations and management, including hiring, training and supervising
   the managers and employees required to operate the hotels. In addition, the Group is responsible
   for hotel development and customization to conform to the standards of the Group brands at
   the beginning of the lease or the construction, as well as repairs and maintenance, operating
   expenses and management of properties over the term of the lease or the land and building
   certificate.


   As of December 31, 2024 and 2025, the Group had 633 and 573 leased and owned hotels in
   operation, respectively.


   MANACHISED AND FRANCHISED HOTELS
   The Group enters into franchise and management arrangements with franchisees for which the
   Group is responsible for providing branding, quality assurance, training, reservation, hiring and
   appointing of the hotel general manager and various other support services relating to hotel
   renovation and operations. Those hotels are classified as manachised hotels. Under the typical
   franchise and management agreements, the franchisee is required to pay an initial franchise
   fee and ongoing franchise and management service fees, which typically equal to a certain
   percentage of the revenues of the hotel. The franchisee is responsible for the costs of hotel
   development, renovation and the costs of its operations. There are also some franchised hotels
   for which the Group does not provide a hotel general manager. The franchise and management
   agreements typically range from eight to ten years under legacy Huazhu, and 15 to 20 years for
   manachised hotels and 10 to 15 years for franchised hotels under legacy DH. These agreements
   are renewable upon mutual agreement between the Group and the franchisees. As of December
   31, 2024 and 2025, the Group had 10,380 and 12,170 manachised hotels in operation and 134 and
   115 franchised hotels in operation, respectively.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025         237
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


      2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
              BASIS OF PRESENTATION
              The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with the
              accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”).


              BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION
              The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company,
              its majority-owned subsidiaries and consolidated variable interest entities (the “VIEs”). All
              intercompany transactions and balances are eliminated on consolidation.


              VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES
              The Group evaluates the need to consolidate certain variable interest entities in which equity
              investors do not have the characteristics of a controlling financial interest or do not have
              sufficient equity at risk for the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated
              financial support. Those entities were established to conduct business in internet-based services
              and international travel agency, and their operations so far have been immaterial to the Group.


              USE OF ESTIMATES
              The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to
              make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities,
              disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the
              reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ
              from those estimates. The Group bases its estimates on historical experience and various other
              factors believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for
              making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
              from other sources. Significant accounting estimates reflected in the Group’s consolidated
              financial statements include the impairment of goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives
              of Legacy DH.


              CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
              Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand and demand deposits, which are unrestricted
              as to withdrawal and use, and which have original maturities of three months or less when
              purchased.


              RESTRICTED CASH
              Restricted cash mainly represents deposits used as security against borrowings, deposits
              restricted due to contract disputes or lawsuit and cash restricted for special purposes.




238   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                       FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
                                         (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
   (Continued)
   INVESTMENTS
   The Group uses the equity method of accounting to account for equity investment with significant
   influence, no control over the investee. Equity-method investment is reviewed for impairment by
   assessing whether there is an indication that a loss in value has occurred and whether a decline
   is deemed to be other-than-temporary. In making this determination, factors are evaluated in
   determining whether a loss in value should be recognized. These include consideration of the
   intent and ability of the Group to hold investment and the ability of the investee to sustain an
   earnings capacity, justifying the carrying amount of the investment.


   Held to maturity investments are stated at amortized cost.


   Investments in equity securities that have readily determinable fair values (except those
   accounted for under the equity method of accounting or those that result in consolidation of the
   investee) are measured at fair value, with gains and losses from fair value changes recognized in
   net income in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income.


   Equity investments without readily determinable fair values are measured at cost, less
   impairment, plus or minus observable price changes.


   The Group classifies debt securities for which it does not have an intent to hold till maturity or may
   sell the security in response to the changes in economic conditions are classified as available-for-
   sale debt securities. These securities are carried at estimated fair value with unrealized holding
   gains and losses, net of tax impact, if any, reported as a net amount in a separate component of
   shareholders’ equity, accumulated other comprehensive income, until realized. In determining
   the allowance for credit losses, the Group evaluates available-for-sale debt securities at the
   individual security level and considers the Group’s investment strategy, current market conditions,
   financial strength of the underlying investments, term to maturity, and the Group’s intent and
   ability to sell the securities. If the Group does not have the intention to sell a security and it is not
   more likely than not that it will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis, and
   it determines that the decline in fair value below the amortized cost basis is entirely or partially
   due to credit-related factors, a credit loss is recognized in the consolidated statements of
   comprehensive income.




                                                                       H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025         239
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


      2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         (Continued)
              ALLOWANCES FOR LOSSES ON CERTAIN FINANCIAL ASSETS
              The Group establishes allowances for credit losses on accounts receivable, loans receivables
              and certain other similar financial assets. For accounts receivables and other financial assets,
              the adequacy of these allowances is assessed regularly for pools of assets with similar risk
              characteristics by evaluating of factors such as historical levels of credit losses, current economic
              condition that may affect a customer’s ability to pay, customer credit ratings, and age of the
              receivable. When specific customers are identified as no longer sharing the same risk profile as
              their current pool, they are removed from the pool and evaluated separately.


              For loan receivables, the Group estimate current expected credit losses based on the expectation
              of future economic conditions, historical collection experience and a loss-rate approach whereby
              the allowance is calculated using the probability of default and recovery rates and multiplying it
              by the asset’s amortized cost at the balance sheet date.


              PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET
              Property and equipment, net are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation, and impairment, if
              any. The renovations, betterments and interest cost incurred during construction are capitalized.
              Depreciation of property and equipment is provided using the straight line method over their
              expected useful lives. The expected useful lives are as follows:


              Leasehold improvements                             Shorter of the lease term or their estimated useful lives
              Buildings                                          20-40 years
              Furniture, fixtures and equipment                  1-20 years
              Motor vehicles                                     5 years

              Construction in progress represents leasehold improvements and property under construction
              or being installed and is stated at cost. Cost comprises original cost of property and equipment,
              installation, construction and other direct costs. Construction in progress is transferred to the
              cost of property and equipment, and depreciation commences when the asset is ready for its
              intended use.


              Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. Gain or loss on disposal of
              property and equipment, if any, is recognized in the consolidated statements of comprehensive
              income as the difference between the net sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the
              underlying asset.




240   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
                                        (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
   (Continued)
   INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET
   Intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortized using the straight-line method over their
   respective estimated useful lives over which the assets are expected to contribute directly or
   indirectly to the future cash flows of the Group. These estimated useful lives are generally as
   follows:


   Franchise or manachise agreements                 Remaining contract terms from 10 to 20 years
   Purchased software                                3-10 years based on the estimated usage period
   Other intangible assets including                 2-15 years based on the contractual term, the
     trademark, licenses and other rights               length of license agreements and the effective
                                                        terms of other legal rights

   Almost all the brand names and master brand agreement acquired by the Group are considered to
   have indefinite useful lives since there are no legal, regulatory, contractual, competitive, economic
   or other factors that limit the useful lives of these brands and these brands can be renewed at
   nominal cost. The Group evaluates the brand name and master brand agreement each reporting
   period to determine whether events and circumstances continue to support an indefinite useful
   life.


   LAND USE RIGHTS, NET
   The land use rights represent the operating lease prepayments for the rights to use the land in the
   PRC under ASC 842, Leases , which are amortized on a straight-line basis over the remaining term
   of the land certificates, between 30 to 50 years.


   IMPAIRMENT OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS
   The Group evaluates its long-lived assets including property and equipment, net, right-of-use
   assets and finite lived intangibles for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
   indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. When these events occur,
   the Group measures impairment by comparing the carrying amount of the assets to future
   undiscounted net cash flows expected to result from the use of the assets and their eventual
   disposition. If the sum of the expected undiscounted cash flows is less than the carrying amount
   of the assets, the Group recognizes an impairment loss equal to the difference between the
   carrying amount and fair value of these assets.


   The Group performed a recoverability test of its long-lived assets associated with certain hotels
   due to the sequential underperformance relative to the projected operating results, of which the
   carrying amount of the long-lived assets exceeded the future undiscounted net cash flows, and
   recognized an impairment loss of RMB286, RMB89 and RMB180 during the years ended December
   31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025         241
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


      2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         (Continued)
              IMPAIRMENT OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS (Continued)
              Fair value of the long-lived assets was determined by the Group based on the income approach
              using the discounted cash flow associated with the underlying assets, which incorporated certain
              assumptions including projected hotels’ revenue, growth rates and projected operating costs
              based on current economic condition, expectation of management and projected trends of current
              operating results.


              GOODWILL
              Goodwill is tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in
              circumstances indicate that it might be impaired. The Group performs a one-step impairment test
              in which it compares the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount and recognizes an
              impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit’s fair
              value, if any. The goodwill impairment testing was performed at each reporting unit level. If the
              carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment amounts to that excess
              should be recognized in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income.


              REVENUE RECOGNITION
              Revenue are primarily derived from products and services in leased and owned hotels, contracts
              of manachised and franchised hotels with third-party franchisees as well as activities other than
              the operation of hotel businesses.


              Leased and owned hotel revenues
              Leased and owned hotel revenues are primarily derived from the rental of rooms, sales of food,
              beverage and other ancillary goods and services, including but not limited to souvenir, laundry,
              parking and conference reservation. Each of these products and services represents an individual
              performance obligation and, in exchange for these services, the Group receives fixed amounts
              based on published rates or negotiated contracts. Payment is due in full at the time when the
              services are rendered or the goods are provided. Room rental revenue is recognized on a daily
              basis when rooms are occupied. Food and beverage revenue and other goods and services
              revenue are recognized when they have been delivered or rendered to the guests as the respective
              performance obligations are satisfied.




242   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                       FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
                                         (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
   (Continued)
   REVENUE RECOGNITION (Continued)
   Manachised and franchised hotel revenues
   Manachised and franchised hotel revenues are derived from franchise or manachise agreements
   where the franchisees are required to pay (i) an initial one-time franchise fee, and (ii) continuing
   franchise fees, which mainly consist of (a) primarily on-going management and franchise service
   fees, (b) central reservation system usage fees, system maintenance and support fees and (c)
   reimbursements for hotel manager fees.


  Initial one-time license/franchise fee : For the manachised and franchised hotel, the Group is
   entitled to an initial one-time franchise fee, which is typically fixed and collected upfront. Initial
   franchise fee is recognized as revenue on a straight-line basis over the term of the franchise
   agreements.


   On-going management and franchise service/royalty fees: On-going management and franchise
   service/royalty fees for Group’s manachised and franchised hotels are variable and generally
   calculated as a percentage of the room revenues of the hotels as defined by each contract.
   Generally, on-going management and franchise service/royalty fees are recognized on a monthly
   basis over the term of the agreements as these amounts became payable. For the manachised
   hotel under Deutsche Hospitality, the franchisees are generally required to pay the Group an on-
   going management fees consisting of a base fee as a percentage of the hotel’s gross revenues and
   an incentive fee as a percentage of the hotel’s gross adjusted profit. Based fee is recognized on a
   monthly basis over the term of the agreement when the amounts become payable. Incentive fee
   are recognized on a monthly basis over the term of the agreement based on each hotel’s financial
   results.


   Central reservation system usage fees, other system maintenance and support fees: The group
   also charges a monthly system maintenance and support fees as part of the contracts. These
   fees are recognized on a monthly basis over the term of the agreements as these amount become
   payable.


  Reimbursements for hotel manager fees : Under the management and franchise agreements, the
   Group is entitled to be reimbursed for payroll related for the appointed hotel general managers
   and other out-of-pocket expenses the Group incurs on behalf of the manachised hotels. The Group
   is entitled to reimbursement in the period the Group incurs the related reimbursable costs, which
   are recognized within manachised and franchised hotels revenue.




                                                                       H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025         243
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


      2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         (Continued)
              REVENUE RECOGNITION (Continued)
              Other revenues
              Other revenues mainly include revenues from technical services, procurement platform and
              commissions from suppliers for goods sold through Huazhu Mall. Revenue from technical services
              are recognized when services are rendered. The Group acts as an agent for certain e-commerce
              platforms, recognizing commission revenue on a net basis when suppliers deliver goods to end
              customers and its performance obligation is satisfied.


              LOYALTY PROGRAM
              H Rewards loyalty program members earn loyalty points based on nights and other consumptions
              that they spent at the Group’s hotels and Huazhu Mall. These loyalty points can be redeemed
              for future products and services. Points earned by loyalty program members represent a
              material right to free or discounted goods or services in the future. The loyalty program has one
              performance obligation that consists of marketing and managing the program and arranging
              for award redemptions by members. The Group is responsible for arranging for the redemption
              of points, but the Group does not directly fulfill the redemption obligation except at leased and
              owned hotels. Therefore, the Group is the agent with respect to this performance obligation for
              manachised and franchised hotels, and is the principal with respect to leased and owned hotels.


              For leased and owned hotels, a portion of the leased and owned revenues is deferred until a
              member redeems points. The amount of revenue the Group recognizes upon point redemption
              is impacted by the estimate of the “breakage” for points that members will never redeem in the
              Group’s owned and leased hotels.


              For manachised and franchised hotels, the Group receives monthly cash contributions from
              manachised and franchised hotels determined based on the value of qualified spend when the
              points are earned. The Group recognizes these contributions into revenue as the Group provides
              the related service. The amount of revenue recognized is based on a blend of historical funding
              rates and is impacted by the Group’s estimate of the “breakage” for points that members will
              never redeem.


              Membership fees from the Group’s customer loyalty program are earned and recognized on a
              straight-line basis over the expected membership duration of the different membership levels. The
              membership duration is estimated to be two to five years which reflects the expected membership
              retention. Revenues recognized from membership fees were RMB288, RMB338 and RMB411 for
              the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively, which amount were included
              in revenues from leased and owned hotel or revenues from manachised and franchised hotels
              depending on the type of hotels the membership was sold at.




244   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
                                        (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
   (Continued)
   ADVERTISING AND PROMOTIONAL EXPENSES
   Advertising related expenses, including promotion expenses and production costs of marketing
   materials, are charged to the consolidated statements of comprehensive income as incurred, and
   amounted to RMB255, RMB256 and RMB271 for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and
   2025, respectively.


   LEASES
   The Group determines if an arrangement is a lease or contains a lease at the inception of the
   contract. A lease arrangement is evaluated for classification as operating or financing upon lease
   commencement. Lease liabilities, which represent the Group’s obligation to make lease payments
   arising from the lease, and corresponding right of-use assets, which represent the Group’s right to
   use an underlying asset for the lease term, are recognized at the commencement date of the lease
   based on the present value of fixed future payments and variable lease payments that depend on
   an index or a rate (initially measured using the index or rate as at the commencement date) over
   the lease term, calculated using the discount rate implicit in the lease, if available, or the Group’s
   incremental borrowing rate. For operating leases, lease expense relating to fixed payments is
   recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and lease expense relating to variable
   payments is expensed as incurred. For finance leases, the amortization of the asset is recognized
   over the shorter of the lease term or useful life of the underlying asset.


   Most leases have initial terms ranging from 10 to 20 years for legacy Huazhu, and from 20 to 30
   years for legacy DH. The lease term includes lessee’s options to extend or to early terminate the
   lease, and lease extension options are included in operating lease ROU assets and lease liabilities
   only to the extent that it is reasonably certain that the Group will exercise such extension options
   and will not exercise early termination options, respectively. The Group’s lease agreements
   may include nonlease components, mainly common area maintenance, which are combined
   with the lease components as the Group elects to account for these components as a single
   lease component, as permitted. The Group elected the practical expedient of not to separate
   land components outside PRC from leases of specified property and equipment at the ASC842
   transition date. Besides, the Group’s lease payments are generally fixed and certain agreements
   contain variable lease payments based on the operating performance of the leased property and
   the changes in the index of consumer pricing index (“CPI”). Almost all the lease agreements with
   variable lease payments based on the changes in CPI are held by legacy DH.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025         245
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


      2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         (Continued)
              LEASES (Continued)
              For operating leases, the Group recognizes lease expense on a straight-line basis over the lease
              term and variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate are initially measured using
              the index or rate at the commencement date, otherwise variable lease payments are recognized
              in the period in which the obligation for those payments is incurred. The operating lease expense
              is recognized as hotel operating costs, general and administrative expenses and pre-opening
              expenses in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. For finance leases, lease
              expense is front-loaded, because ROU asset is depreciated on a straight-line basis over the
              shorter of the lease term or useful life of the underlying asset, and the lease liability is measured
              at amortized cost using the effective interest method, and the interest expense declines as
              the balance of lease liability declines; the depreciation of ROU assets and interest expenses
              on lease liabilities are respectively classified as hotel operating costs and interest expense
              in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. Additionally, the Group elected not
              to recognize leases with lease terms of 12 months or less at the commencement date. Lease
              payments on short-term leases are recognized as an expense on a straight-line basis over the
              lease term, and are not included in lease liabilities. The Group’s lease agreements do not contain
              any significant residual value guarantees or restricted covenants.


              The Group reassesses of a contract is or contains a leasing arrangement and re-measures ROU
              assets and liabilities upon modification of the contract. The Group will derecognize ROU assets
              and liabilities, with difference recognized in the consolidated statements of comprehensive
              income on the contract termination.


              INCOME TAXES
              Current income taxes are provided for in accordance with the relevant statutory tax laws and
              regulations.


              Deferred income taxes are recognized for temporary differences between the tax basis of assets
              and liabilities and their reported amounts in the financial statements. Net operating losses are
              carried forward and credited by applying enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years.
              Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of the Group, it
              is more-likely-than-not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.
              For a particular tax-paying component of an entity and within a particular tax jurisdiction, all
              deferred tax liabilities and assets, as well as any related valuation allowance, shall be offset
              and presented as a single noncurrent amount. However, an entity shall not offset deferred tax
              liabilities and assets attributable to different tax-paying components of the entity or to different
              tax jurisdictions.




246   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                       FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
                                         (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
   (Continued)
   FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION
   The reporting currency of the Group is the Renminbi (“RMB”). The functional currency of the
   Company is the United States dollar (“US$”). Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in
   currencies other than the functional currency are remeasured in functional currency at the
   rates of exchange ruling at the balance sheet date. Transactions in currencies other than the
   functional currency during the year are converted into the functional currency at the applicable
   rates of exchange prevailing on the day transactions occurred. Transaction gains and losses are
   recognized in the statements of comprehensive income.


   Assets and liabilities are translated into RMB at the exchange rates at the balance sheet date,
   equity accounts are translated at historical exchange rates and revenues, expenses, gains and
   losses are translated using the average rate for the year. Translation adjustments are reported as
   cumulative translation adjustments and are shown as a separate component of comprehensive
   income.


   The financial records of the Group’s subsidiaries are maintained in local currencies, which are the
   functional currencies.


   FAIR VALUE
   The established fair value hierarchy by U.S. GAAP has three levels based on the reliability of the
   inputs used to measure fair value:


   Level 1 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are quoted prices in active markets for
   identical assets or liabilities.


   Level 2 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are inputs other than quoted prices included
   within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability such as quoted prices for similar assets
   or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets with
   insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less active markets); or model-derived valuations
   in which significant inputs are observable or can be derived principally from, or corroborated by,
   observable market data.


   Level 3 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are unobservable inputs to the valuation
   methodology that are significant to the measurement of the fair value of the assets or liabilities.




                                                                       H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025         247
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


      2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         (Continued)
              FAIR VALUE (Continued)
              The financial instruments of the Group not measured at fair value include cash and cash
              equivalent, restricted cash, loan receivables, receivables, held to maturity investments in short-
              term investments and long-term investments, payables, short-term debts, and long-term debts.
              The carrying amounts of the short-term financial instruments approximates their fair value due
              to their short-term nature. The long-term debts, long-term loan receivables and held to maturity
              investments in long-term investments approximate their fair values, because the bearing
              interest rates approximate market interest rate, and market interest rates have not fluctuated
              significantly since the commencement of loan contracts signed. Convertible senior notes are
              measured at amortized costs of RMB3,537, RMB3,594 and RMB3,514 and the corresponding fair
              value estimated based on quoted market price were RMB3,768, RMB3,815 and RMB4,587 as of
              December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively.


              The following table presents Group’s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis
              and are categorized using the fair value hierarchy.


              As of December 31, 2024


                                                                              Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using
                                                                             Quoted Prices
                                                                                   in Active   Significant Other      Significant
                                                                               Markets for           Observable     Unobservable
                                                                                  Identical               Inputs          Inputs
              Description                                                   Assets (Level 1)            (Level 2)       (Level 3)
              Short term investments
                Equity securities with readily determinable fair values                  81                    –                 –
              Long term investments
                Available-for-sale debt securities                                        –                    –                230
              Employee benefit plan assets                                                5                    –                  –

              As of December 31, 2025


                                                                              Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using
                                                                            Quoted Prices
                                                                                  in Active    Significant Other      Significant
                                                                              Markets for            Observable     Unobservable
                                                                                 Identical                Inputs          Inputs
              Description                                                  Assets (Level 1)             (Level 2)       (Level 3)
              Short term investments
                Equity securities with readily determinable fair values                  69                    –                 –
              Long term investments
                Available-for-sale debt securities                                        –                    –                175
              Employee benefit plan assets                                                8                    –                  –


248   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                       CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                          NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                       FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
                                         (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
   (Continued)
   FAIR VALUE (Continued)
   Equity securities with readily determinable fair value and employee benefit plan assets are valued
   using a market approach based on the quoted market prices or broker/dealer quotes of identical
   or comparable instruments.


   Level 3 fair value of available-for-sale debt securities is determined based on market approach
   using various unobservable inputs. The determination of the fair value required significant
   judgement by management with respect to the assumptions and estimates for duration, dividend
   yield, lack of marketability discounts, expected volatility and probability in equity allocation.


   Certain assets are measured at a non-recurring basis. The following table presents the asset
   classification, the fair value and losses recognized for the years ended December 31, 2024 and
   2025 due to impairment of the related assets.


   As of December 31, 2024


                                                                      Fair Value Measurements
                                                                       at Reporting Date Using
                                                                                 Significant
                                                                             Unobservable         Total Loss for
   Description                                               Fair Value Inputs (Level 3)                 the Year

   Property and equipment                                             23                   23                   56
   Operating lease right-of-use assets                                21                   21                   33
   Intangible assets                                               2,102               2,102                  391
   Long-term investment                                               11                   11                   30
   Assets held for sale                                            1,795               1,795                    27

   As of December 31, 2025


                                                                     Fair Value Measurements
                                                                       at Reporting Date Using
                                                                                Significant
                                                                             Unobservable         Total Loss for
   Description                                               Fair Value Inputs (Level 3)                the Year

   Property and equipment                                             13                   13                 136
   Operating lease right-of-use assets                                47                   47                   31
   Land use rights                                                      –                   –                   13
   Intangible assets                                                    –                   –                    2
   Long-term investment                                              175                  175                   47
   Assets held for sale                                              583                  583                   13




                                                                       H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025         249
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


      2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         (Continued)
              FAIR VALUE (Continued)
              Property and equipment, operating lease right-of-use assets and intangible assets were primarily
              valued using the income approach based on discounted cash flows associated with the underlying
              assets, which incorporate certain assumptions including projected hotels’ revenue, growth
              rates and projected operating costs based on current economic condition, expectation of future
              trends. The revenue growth rate, royalty saving rate and the discount rate were the significant
              unobservable input used in the fair value measurement, which are ranged between 1% to 2%,
              1.5% to 3%, and 9.2% to 12% respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and
              2025.


              ASSETS AND LIABILITIES HELD FOR SALE
              The Group recognizes the assets and liabilities of a disposal group as held for sale in the period
              (i) it has approved and committed to a plan to sell the disposal group, (ii) the disposal group is
              available for immediate sale in its present condition, (iii) an active program to locate a buyer
              and other actions to sell the disposal group have been initiated, (iv) it is unlikely that significant
              changes to the plan will be made or that the plan will be withdrawn. The Group measures a
              disposal group that is classified as held for sale at the lower of its carrying value or fair value less
              any costs to sell. Any loss resulting from this measurement is recognized in the period in which
              the held for sale criteria are met. Conversely, gains are not recognized on the sale of a disposal
              group until closing. Long-lived assets are not depreciated or amortized while they are classified as
              held for sale. If the criteria are no longer met, a long-lived asset classified as held for sale shall be
              reclassified as held and used and measured individually at the lower of its carrying amount before
              the asset was classified as held for sale, adjusted for any depreciation (amortization) expense
              that would have been recognized had the asset been continuously classified as held and used and
              its fair value at the date of the subsequent decision not to sell.


              SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION
              The Group recognizes share-based compensation in the consolidated statements of
              comprehensive income based on the fair value of equity awards on the date of the grant, with
              compensation expenses recognized over the period in which the grantee is required to provide
              service to the Group in exchange for the equity award. Vesting of certain equity awards are
              based on the performance conditions for a period of time following the grant date. Share-
              based compensation expense is recognized according to the Group’s judgement of likely future
              performance and will be adjusted in future periods based on the actual performance.


              TREASURY SHARES
              Treasury shares represent ordinary shares repurchased by the Company that are no longer
              outstanding and are held by the Company. The repurchase of ordinary shares is accounted for
              under the cost method whereby the total acquisition cost is recorded as treasury shares.




250   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
                                        (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
   (Continued)
   EARNINGS PER SHARE
   Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing income attributable to holders of ordinary shares
   by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year. Diluted earnings
   per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue
   ordinary shares were exercised or converted into ordinary shares, which consist of the ordinary
   shares issuable upon the conversion of the convertible senior notes (using the if-converted
   method) and ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options and vesting of nonvested
   restricted stocks (using the treasury stock method).


   RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS
   Adopted Accounting Standards
   On December 14, 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, which establishes new income tax
   disclosure requirements in addition to modifying and eliminating certain existing requirements.
   The ASU amends ASC 740-10-50-12 to require a public business entity to disclose a reconciliation
   between the amount of reported income tax expense (or benefit) from continuing operations
   and the amount computed by multiplying the income (or loss) from continuing operations before
   income taxes by the applicable statutory federal (national) income tax rate of the jurisdiction
   (country) of domicile. If the public business entities is not domiciled in the United States, the
   federal (national) income tax rate in such entity’s jurisdiction (country) of domicile shall normally
   be used in the rate reconciliation. The amendments prohibit the use of different income tax rates
   for subsidiaries or segments. Further, public business entities that use an income tax rate in
   the rate reconciliation that is other than the U.S. income tax rate must disclose the rate used
   and the basis for using it. The ASU also adds ASC 740-10-50-12A, which requires entities to
   annually disaggregate the income tax rate reconciliation between the following eight categories
   by both percentages and reporting currency amounts: 1. State and local income tax, net of federal
   (national) income tax effect, 2. Foreign tax effects, 3. Effect of changes in tax laws or rates enacted
   in the current period, 4. Effect of cross-border tax laws, 5. Tax credits, 6. Changes in valuation
   allowances, 7. Nontaxable or nondeductible items, 8. Changes in unrecognized tax benefits. Public
   business entities must apply the ASU’s guidance to annual periods beginning after December 15,
   2024. Early adoption is permitted. Entities may apply the amendments prospectively or may elect
   retrospective application. The Group adopted this ASU prospectively for the year ended December
   31, 2025. See Note 17. Income taxes.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025         251
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


      2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         (Continued)
              ACCOUNTING STANDARDS NOT YET ADOPTED
              In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU No. 2024-03 (“ASU 2024-03”), Income Statement –
              Reporting Comprehensive Income – Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40):
              Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses, which requires, among other things, the following
              for public business entities: (i) tabular disclosure of amounts for the following categories that are
              included in each expense caption within continuing operations on the statement of operations,
              with each expense caption that includes one of these expense categories deemed a relevant
              expense caption: (a) purchases of inventory, (b) employee compensation, (c) depreciation, (d)
              intangible asset amortization and (e) depreciation, depletion, and amortization recognized as part
              of oil-and gas-producing activities; (ii) disclosure of certain amounts that are already required to
              be disclosed under current GAAP in the same disclosure as the other disaggregation requirements;
              (iii) qualitative description of the amount remaining in relevant expense captions that are not
              separately disaggregated quantitatively; and (iv) disclosure of the total amount of selling expenses
              and, in annual reporting periods, an entity’s definition of selling expenses. In January 2025, the
              FASB issued ASU 2025-01, which clarifies the effective date of ASU 2024-03. ASU 2024-03 is
              effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim periods within annual
              reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2027. Early adoption is permitted. The Group does
              not expect the adoption of this ASU will have a significant impact on the consolidated financial
              statements.


              In May 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025-03, Business Combinations (Topic 805) and Consolidation
              (Topic 810) : Determining the Accounting Acquirer in the Acquisition of a Variable Interest Entity,
              which requires an entity involved in an acquisition transaction effected primarily by exchanging
              equity interests when the legal acquiree is a VIE that meets the definition of a business to
              consider specific factors to determine the accounting acquirer and removes the requirement that
              the primary beneficiary always is the acquirer for certain transactions. Under the amendments,
              acquisition transactions in which the legal acquiree is a VIE will, in more instances, result in the
              same accounting outcomes as economically similar transactions in which the legal acquiree
              is a voting interest entity. The amendments do not change the accounting for a transaction
              determined to be a reverse acquisition or a transaction in which the legal acquirer is not a
              business and is determined to be the accounting acquiree. The new guidance is required to be
              applied prospectively to any acquisition transaction that occurs after the initial application date.
              This guidance is effective for the year ending March 31, 2028. Early adoption is permitted. The
              Group does not expect the adoption of this ASU will have a significant impact on the consolidated
              financial statements.




252   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
                                        (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
   (Continued)
   ACCOUNTING STANDARDS NOT YET ADOPTED (Continued)
   In July 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025-05, Financial Instruments – Credit Losses (Topic 326):
  Measurement of Credit Losses for Accounts Receivable and Contract Assets, which introduces
   a practical expedient and an accounting policy election for estimating expected credit losses on
   current accounts receivable and current contract assets arising from revenue transactions with
   customers. The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2025,
   with early adoption permitted. The Group does not expect the adoption of this ASU to have a
   material impact on its consolidated financial statements.


   In September 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025-06, Intangibles – Goodwill and Other – Internal-
  Use Software (Subtopic 350-40) , which removes the prescriptive “project stage” model for
   software development and requires capitalization of software costs once management has
   authorized and committed to funding the project and it is probable the project will be completed
   and used as intended. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
   2027, including interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The
   Company is currently evaluating the impact, if any, that the adoption of this standard will have on
   its Consolidated Financial Statements and disclosures.


   In December 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025-10, Government Grants (Topic 832): Accounting
  for Government Grants Received by Business Entities , which provides updated guidance on how
   to recognize, measure, and present government grants. The ASU will be effective for annual
   reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2028, including interim periods within those fiscal
   years with early adoption permitted. The Group is currently assessing the impact, if any, that the
   adoption of this standard will have on its Consolidated Financial Statements and disclosures.


   TRANSLATION INTO UNITED STATES DOLLARS
   The financial statements of the Group are stated in RMB. Translations of amounts from RMB
   into United States dollars are solely for the convenience of the readers and were calculated at
   the rate of US$1 = RMB6.9931, on December 31, 2025, as set forth in H.10 statistical release of
   the Federal Reserve Board. The translation is not intended to imply that the RMB amounts could
   have been, or could be, converted, realized or settled into United States dollars at that rate on
   December 31, 2025, or at any other rate.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025         253
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


      3. REVENUE
              DISAGGREGATED REVENUES
              The following tables present the Group’s revenues disaggregated by the nature of the product or
              service:


                                                                                       Years Ended December 31,
                                                                                      2023          2024              2025

              Room revenues                                                          11,789        11,806         11,002
              Food and beverage revenues                                              1,333         1,342             1,319
              Others                                                                   674           695               622
              Leased and owned hotel revenues                                        13,796        13,843         12,943
              Central reservation system usage fees, other
                system maintenance and support fees                                   2,628         3,318             4,301
              On-going management and service/royalty fees                            2,785         3,306             3,957
              Reimbursements for hotel manager fees                                   1,400         1,752             2,179
              Initial one-time license/franchise fee                                   114           137               181
              Other fees                                                               767           985              1,078
              Manachised and franchised hotel revenues                                7,694         9,498         11,696
              Other revenues                                                           392           550               668
              Total revenues                                                         21,882        23,891         25,307


              CONTRACT BALANCES
              The Group’s contract assets are insignificant at December 31, 2024 and 2025.


                                                                                                 As of December 31,
                                                                                                    2024              2025

              Current contract liabilities                                                          1,822             1,823
              Long-term contract liabilities                                                        1,351             1,602
              Total contract liabilities                                                            3,173             3,425


              The contract liabilities balances above represent deferred revenue on the consolidated balance
              sheets, as of December 31, 2024 and 2025.


              The Group recognized revenues that were previously deferred as contract liabilities of RMB800
              and RMB860 during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively.




254   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                   CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
                                       (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


4. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET
  Property and equipment, net consist of the following:


                                                                                  As of December 31,
                                                                                      2024                 2025

  Cost:
  Buildings                                                                             791                 782
  Leasehold improvements                                                            11,187              10,872
  Furniture, fixtures and equipment                                                  2,363                2,490
  Motor vehicles                                                                           2                   3
                                                                                    14,343              14,147
  Less: Accumulated depreciation                                                     8,769                9,121
                                                                                     5,574                5,026
  Construction in progress                                                              108                 204
  Property and equipment, net                                                        5,682                5,230


  Depreciation expense was RMB1,276, RMB1,195 and RMB1,114 for the years ended December 31,
  2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025         255
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


      5. INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET
              Intangible assets, net consist of the following:


                                                                                     As of December 31,
                                                                                        2024               2025

              Intangible assets with indefinite lives:
              Brand names                                                               5,235             5,593
              Master brand agreement                                                     192                192
              Intangible assets with finite lives:
              Franchise or manachise agreements                                          248                249
              Purchased software                                                         149                159
              Other intangible assets                                                     74                 76
              Total                                                                     5,898             6,269
              Less: Accumulated amortization                                             228                263
              Less: Accumulated impairment loss (Note2)                                  894                978
              Total                                                                     4,776             5,028


              Amortization expense of intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
              amounted to RMB45, RMB39, and RMB38, respectively.


              There were 3 brand names with indefinite lives acquired in DH acquisition. Impairment recognized
              relating to these brand names were RMB160, RMB391 and nil, respectively for the years ended
              December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025.


              The annual estimated amortization expense for the above intangible assets excluding brand
              names and master brand agreement for the following years is as follows:


                                                                                                Amortization for
                                                                                            Intangible Assets
              2026                                                                                           29
              2027                                                                                           25
              2028                                                                                           21
              2029                                                                                           20
              2030                                                                                           17
              Thereafter                                                                                     94
              Total                                                                                         206




256   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                   CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
                                        (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


6. INVESTMENTS
  The investments as of December 31, 2024 and 2025 were as follows:


                                                                                   As of December 31,
                                                                                       2024                 2025

  Short-term investments
  Equity securities with readily determinable fair values:
    Marketable securities                                                                 81                   69
  Held to maturity investments
    Bank time deposits and financial products                                         3,522                4,825
  Total                                                                               3,603                4,894

  Long-term investments
  Equity securities without readily determinable fair values                              86                   89
  Equity-method investments:
    AAPC LUB                                                                             495                 488
    Hotel related funds                                                                  404                 374
    Other investments                                                                    214                 233
  Subtotal                                                                            1,113                1,095

  Available-for-sale debt securities:
    Cjia Group-convertible notes                                                         230                 175
  Held to maturity investments
    Bank time deposits                                                                   887                   10
  Total                                                                               2,316                1,369




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025         257
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


      7. GOODWILL
              The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2025
              were as follows:


                                                                                     Legacy
                                                                                 Huazhu        Legacy DH    Total

              Balance at January 1, 2024
              Goodwill                                                                3,036        2,721    5,757
              Accumulated impairment loss                                                (4)        (435)    (439)
                                                                                      3,032        2,286    5,318

              Net foreign exchange-goodwill                                              –          (115)    (115)
              Net foreign exchange-impairment loss                                       –           18         18
              Balance at December 31, 2024
              Goodwill                                                                3,036        2,606    5,642
              Accumulated impairment loss                                                (4)        (417)    (421)
                                                                                      3,032        2,189    5,221

              Net foreign exchange-goodwill                                              –          246      246
              Net foreign exchange-impairment loss                                       –           (39)     (39)
              Balance at December 31, 2025
              Goodwill                                                                3,036        2,852    5,888
              Accumulated impairment loss                                                (4)        (456)    (460)
                                                                                      3,032        2,396    5,428


              As of December 31, 2024 and 2025, the estimated fair value of legacy Huazhu exceeded over
              100% of its carrying value. As of December 31, 2024 and 2025, the estimated fair value of legacy
              DH exceeded its carrying value by 36% and 70%, respectively. A 5% decline in the underlying
              projected cash flows or increase in the discount rate would not result in an impairment loss in
              2024 and 2025.




258   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                         CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                       FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
                                         (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


8. ASSETS AND LIABILITIES HELD FOR SALE
   In the fourth quarter of 2023, the Group committed to a plan to sell certain lease-and-owned
   hotels (the “disposal group”) included in legacy DH. In February 2024, the Group entered into
   a Share and Asset Purchase and Transfer Agreement with an unaffiliated third party, and the
   transaction was expected to be closed in 2024, subject to certain customary closing conditions.
   As of December 31, 2024, the Group remained actively pursuing the sale of the business, with the
   transaction expected to be completed in phases throughout 2025. According to the amendment
   signed in early 2025, two tranches were successively completed in 2025. Further negotiations for
   the residual tranche are anticipated in 2026, with the Group’s ongoing commitment to advancing
   the disposal. For the year ended December 31, 2024 and 2025, impairments of RMB27 and
   RMB13, respectively, were recorded as the fair value of certain assets fell below their carrying
   value.


   The total assets and liabilities of the disposal group that were classified as held for sale on the
   Group’s consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2024 and 2025, were as follows:


                                                                                    As of December 31,
                                                                                        2024                 2025

   Assets held for sale:
     Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash                                           8                   0
     Property and equipment, net                                                           82                   17
     Operating lease right-of-use assets                                               1,732                  552
     Finance lease right-of-use assets                                                     67                   70
     Other assets                                                                          52                   30
   Total                                                                               1,941                  669

   Liabilities held for sale:
     Accrued expenses and other current liabilities                                        62                   39
     Operating lease liabilities, current                                                  69                   21
     Operating lease liabilities, non-current                                          1,785                  510
     Finance lease liabilities                                                             71                   74
     Other liabilities                                                                     97                   27
   Total                                                                               2,084                  671




                                                                       H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025         259
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


      9. DEBT
              The short-term and long-term debt as of December 31, 2024 and 2025 were as follows:


                                                                                       As of December 31,
                                                                                          2024              2025

              Short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt:
                Long-term bank borrowings, current portion                                 791               371
                Short-term bank borrowings                                                   38             1,400
                Convertible senior notes, current portion                                     –             3,514
                FF&E liability, current portion                                              51               52
              Total                                                                        880              5,337

              Long-term debt:
                Long-term bank borrowings, non-current portion                             730               268
                Convertible senior notes, non-current portion                             3,594                   –
                FF&E liability, non-current portion                                        209               198
                Others                                                                       13               13
              Total                                                                       4,546              479


              BANK BORROWINGS
              In August 2022, the Group entered into a 3-year long-term facility of EUR220 million and RMB-
              equivalent of EUR110 million term facility, and EUR70 million revolving credit facility agreement
              with several banks. As of December 31, 2024, the outstanding loan amount was RMB equivalent
              of EUR99 million in long-term bank borrowings, current portion. This amount was fully repaid by
              December 31, 2025.


              In March 2024, the Group entered into a five-year syndicated loan contract with facility amount of
              RMB400 expiring in March 2029. As of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2025, buildings with
              a net book value of RMB510 and RMB478, respectively, and land use rights with a net book value
              of RMB69 and RMB67, respectively, were pledged as collateral for the loan. The loan was intended
              for the operation of headquarters buildings and refinancing existing obligations. The interest rate
              reset every year, and was based on the People’s Bank of China one-year benchmark LPR minus 55
              basis points on the pricing date. There are some financial covenants including revenue and profit
              related to this facility. The Group was fully in compliance with the covenants for the year ended
              December 31, 2024 and 2025. In 2024, the Group had drawn down RMB340 under the facility
              agreement and repaid RMB15. In 2025, the Group repaid RMB40. As of December 31, 2024 and
              2025, the outstanding loan amount was RMB325 and RMB285, respectively. As of December 31,
              2024 and 2025, the interest rates of borrowings drawn under this agreement were 2.90% and
              2.55%, respectively.




260   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
                                        (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


9. DEBT (Continued)
   BANK BORROWINGS (Continued)
   In July 2025, the Group entered into a one-year loan facility of up to RMB2,000 or its equivalent
   in other currencies. The Group had drawn down RMB1,400 under this agreement and the interest
   rate was fixed at 1.8% per annum. As of December 31, 2025, the outstanding loan amount was
   RMB1,400 and total bank deposits of RMB1,406 in short-term investments were pledged as
   collateral.


   In November 2025, the Group entered into a term loan and revolving credit facility agreement
   of up to US$300 million (or its RMB equivalent) with several banks. The term loan and revolving
   credit facility is available for 12 months after the utilization date and is expected to be extended
   to 36 months, subject to satisfaction of certain conditions. There are some financial covenants
   including interest cover, leverage and book equity related to this facility. As of December 31, 2025,
   the Group did not draw down the loan. In March 2026, the Group drew down RMB-equivalent of
   US$180 million.


   In the fourth quarter of 2025, the Group entered into two uncommitted one-year revolving loan
   facility agreements respectively of up to US$100 million (or the RMB equivalent) and up to US$50
   million (or the equivalent in RMB or EUR or HKD). The revolving credit facilities were available for
   12 months after the utilization date and was expected to be extended to 36 months, subject to
   satisfaction of certain conditions. As of December 31, 2025, the Group did not draw down any of
   the facilities. In March 2026, the Group drew down RMB833.


   CONVERTIBLE SENIOR NOTES DUE 2026
   In May 2020, the Company issued US$500 million Convertible Senior Notes (the “2026 Notes”). The
   2026 Notes will mature on May 1, 2026 and bear interest at a rate of 3.00% per annum, payable
   in arrears semi-annually on May 1 and November 1 of each year, beginning on November 1, 2020.
   In 2020, proceeds to the Company were RMB3,499 (equivalently US$493 million), net of issuance
   costs of RMB49 (equivalently US$7 million).


   Holders of the 2026 Notes have the option to convert their Notes at any time prior to the close of
   business on the second business day immediately preceding the maturity date. The 2026 Notes
   can be converted into the Company’s ADSs at an initial conversion rate of 23.971 of the Company’s
   ADSs per US$1,000 principal amount of the 2026 Notes (equivalent to an initial conversion price of
   US$41.72 per ADS).




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025         261
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


      9. DEBT (Continued)
              CONVERTIBLE SENIOR NOTES DUE 2026 (Continued)
              The holders may require the Company to repurchase all or portion of the 2026 Notes for cash on
              May 1, 2024, or in the event of certain fundamental changes, at a repurchase price equal to 100%
              of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. As of December 31, 2024, the Group
              classified the 2026 Notes as long-term debt as the put option had expired. As of December 31,
              2025, the Group reclassified the 2026 Notes as short-term debt as the 2026 Notes will mature on
              May 1, 2026.


              DEBT MATURITIES
              The contractual maturities of the Group’s debt as of December 31, 2025 were as follows:


                                                                                                    Principal
              Year Ending December 31,                                                              Amounts
              2026                                                                                      5,337
              2027                                                                                        183
              2028                                                                                        159
              2029                                                                                            42
              2030                                                                                            28
              Thereafter                                                                                      67
              Total                                                                                     5,816




262   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
                                       (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


10. ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT
    LIABILITIES
                                                                                  As of December 31,
                                                                                      2024                 2025

   Payables to franchisees                                                           1,606                1,762
   Other payables                                                                    1,426                1,801
   Accrued utilities and other accrued expenses                                         275                 461
   Liabilities related to customer loyalty program                                      332                 455
   Value-added tax, other tax and surcharge payables                                    301                 359
   Advance from noncontrolling interest holders                                          66                   64
   Total                                                                             4,006                4,902


11. HOTEL OPERATING COSTS
   Hotel operating costs include all direct costs incurred in the operation of the leased and owned
   hotels, manachised and franchised hotels and consist of the following:


                                                                   Years Ended December 31,
                                                                 2023                 2024                 2025

   Rents                                                         4,290               4,365                4,179
   Utilities                                                       685                  690                 656
   Personnel costs                                               4,684               5,326                5,761
   Depreciation and amortization                                 1,329               1,254                1,190
   Consumable, food and beverage                                 1,327               1,293                1,221
   Others                                                        2,026               2,357                2,332
   Total                                                       14,341               15,285              15,339




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025         263
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


      12. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION
              In September 2009, the Group adopted the 2009 Share Incentive Plan which allows the Group
              to offer incentive awards to employees, officers, directors and consultants or advisors (the
              “Participants”). In March 2015, the Group increased the maximum number of incentive awards
              available under the 2009 Share Incentive Plan to 430,000,000. In June 2023, the Group adopted
              the 2023 Share Incentive Plan (collectively with 2009 Share Incentive Plan, the “Incentive Award
              Plans”), which allows the Group to offer incentive awards up to 20,000,000 ordinary shares
              to Participants. In June 2024, the Group increased the maximum number of incentive awards
              available under the 2023 Share Incentive Plan to 300,000,000. The Group either uses treasury
              shares or issues shares upon the exercise of share options and the vesting of nonvested restricted
              stocks. The incentive awards granted under the Incentive Award Plans typically have a maximum
              life of ten years and vest in typical ways as listed below:


              a.)     Vest 50% on the second anniversary of the stated vesting commencement date with the
                      remaining 50% vesting ratably over the following two years;


              b.)     Vest over a period of ten years in equal yearly installments;


              As of December 31, 2025, the Group had granted 274,684,560 options and 358,769,850 nonvested
              restricted stocks, some of which were subject to adjustment on performance condition.


              SHARE OPTIONS
              In 2023, the Group granted 28,625,350 share options to senior officers, which was in five
              tranches with performance conditions, and the vesting of each of the five tranches commences
              respectively at the first, second, third, fourth, and fifth anniversary of grant date. Each tranche
              is accounted for as a separate award with the same grant date, the same service inception date
              and its own requisite service period. The actual number of share options that could be exercised is
              contingent on certain financial performance of the year when vesting of share option commences.
              The Group reassesses the performance condition at each reporting period for true up. For each
              tranche, 50% vests on the second anniversary of the stated vesting commencement date with the
              remaining 50% vesting ratably over the following two years and will become exercisable if certain
              performance conditions are met for the five-year period ending December 31, 2027.


              In 2025, the Group granted 888,210 share options to senior officers, which was in three tranches
              with performance conditions, and the vesting of each of the three tranches commences
              respectively at the first, second and third anniversary of grant date. Each tranche is accounted
              for as a separate award with the same grant date, the same service inception date and its own
              requisite service period. The actual number of share options that could be exercised is contingent
              on certain financial performance of the year when vesting of share option commences. The Group
              reassesses the performance condition at each reporting period for true up. For each tranche, 50%
              vests on the first anniversary of the stated vesting commencement date with the remaining 50%
              vesting ratably over the following two years and will become exercisable if certain performance
              conditions are met for the three-year period ending December 31, 2027.




264   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                       FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
                                         (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


12. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)
   SHARE OPTIONS (Continued)
   The weighted-average grant date fair value for options granted in 2025 was US$1.34 per share,
   computed using the binomial option pricing model. The binomial option pricing model required
   the input of subjective assumptions including the expected stock price volatility and the expected
   price multiple at which employees were likely to exercise stock options. The Group used historical
   data to estimate forfeiture rate. Expected volatility was based on the average historical equity
   volatility of the Group. The risk-free rate for periods within the contractual life of the option was
   based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant.


   The fair value of stock options was estimated using the following significant assumptions:


                                                                                                             2025

   Suboptimal exercise factor                                                                                2.80
   Risk-free interest rate                                                                                 4.68%
   Volatility                                                                                             51.75%
   Dividend yield                                                                                          4.60%
   Life of option                                                                                         8 years


   The following table summarized the Group’s share option activity under the option plans:


                                                                                  Weighted
                                                              Weighted              Average           Aggregate
                                        Number of              Average           Remaining              Intrinsic
                                           Options      Exercise Price Contractual Life                     Value
                                                                    US$                Years        US$’million

   Share options outstanding at
     January 1, 2025                   28,019,660                   2.80
   Granted                                 888,210                  2.80
   Forfeited                            (2,410,610)                 2.80
   Exercised                            (1,911,860)                 2.80
   Adjusted for performance
     conditions                           (179,370)                 2.80
   Share options outstanding at
     December 31, 2025                 24,406,030                   2.80                 7.40                   46

   Share options vested or
     expected to vest at
     December 31, 2025                 22,471,610                   2.80                 7.40                   43

   Share options exercisable at
     December 31, 2025                   1,716,960                  2.80                 7.41                    3




                                                                       H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025         265
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


      12. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)
              SHARE OPTIONS (Continued)
              Given the actual number of share options that could be exercised is contingent on certain financial
              performance of the year when vesting commences, the share-based compensation expenses
              related to these options would be recognized when the financial performance is expected to be
              met. The Group didn’t record any compensation expenses relating to options awarded indexed
              to financial performance beyond the year ended December 31, 2025. The total share based
              compensation expenses relating to these options were RMB172.


              As of December 31, 2025, there was RMB111 in total unrecognized compensation expense, net of
              estimated forfeitures, related to the option arrangements, which was expected to be recognized
              over a weighted-average period of 2.56 years.


              During the year ended December 31, 2025, 1,911,860 share options were exercised having an
              aggregate intrinsic value of RMB15.


              Nonvested restricted stocks
              The fair value of nonvested restricted stock with service conditions or performance conditions is
              based on the fair market value of the underlying ordinary shares on the date of grant.


              In 2023, the Group granted 28,625,350 nonvested restricted stocks to senior officers, with the
              same terms of the options granted in 2023. The share-based compensation expenses related
              to these nonvested restricted stocks would be recognized when the financial performance is
              expected to be met. In 2025, the Group granted 888,210 nonvested restricted stocks to senior
              officers, with the same terms of the options granted in 2025. The Group didn’t record any
              compensation expenses relating to incentive shares which are indexed to financial performance
              beyond the year ended December 31, 2025. The total share based compensation expenses relating
              to these nonvested restricted stocks were RMB281.




266   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                    CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                    FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
                                      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


12. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)
   SHARE OPTIONS (Continued)
   Nonvested restricted stocks (Continued)
   The following table summarized the Group’s nonvested restricted stock activities during the year
   ended December 31, 2025.


                                                                                                    Weighted
                                                                              Number of               Average
                                                                              Restricted          Grant Date
                                                                                   Stocks          Fair Value
                                                                                                           US$

   Nonvested restricted stocks outstanding at January 1, 2025               127,537,010                   2.78
   Granted                                                                     7,619,230                  3.09
   Forfeited                                                                  (4,319,980)                 2.93
   Vested                                                                   (17,714,260)                  2.40
   Adjusted for performance conditions                                           215,790                  3.22
   Nonvested restricted stocks outstanding at December 31, 2025             113,337,790                   2.86


   As of December 31, 2025, there was RMB1,520 in total unrecognized compensation costs, net of
   estimated forfeitures, related to unvested restricted stocks, which was expected to be recognized
   over a weighted-average period of 5.66 years.


   The total fair value of nonvested restricted stocks vested in 2023, 2024 and 2025 was RMB286,
   RMB224 and RMB490, respectively.


   For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, the Group recognized share-based
   compensation expenses of RMB143, RMB322 and RMB420, respectively, which were classified as
   follows:


                                                                  Years Ended December 31,
                                                                2023                 2024                 2025

   Hotel operating costs                                           31                   31                   33
   Selling and marketing expenses                                    6                    6                   7
   General and administrative expenses                            106                  285                 380
   Total                                                          143                  322                 420




                                                                    H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025         267
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


      13. EARNINGS PER SHARE
              The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share for the
              years indicated:


                                                                                       Years Ended December 31,
                                                                                     2023            2024               2025

              Net income attributable to ordinary
                shareholders–basic                                                   4,085           3,048              5,080
              Eliminate the dilutive effect of interest expense of
                convertible senior notes                                              120             112                107
              Net income attributable to ordinary
                shareholders–diluted                                                 4,205           3,160              5,187
              Weighted average ordinary shares outstanding–
                basic                                                      3,183,163,131     3,115,130,107    3,070,939,457
              Incremental weighted-average ordinary shares from
                assumed exercise of share options and nonvested
                restricted stocks using the treasury stock method             44,331,080        36,507,943         42,938,410
              Dilutive effect of convertible senior notes                    123,927,000       126,670,240        133,616,230
              Weighted average ordinary shares outstanding–
                diluted                                                    3,351,421,211     3,278,308,290    3,247,494,097
              Basic earnings per share                                                1.28            0.98               1.65
              Diluted earnings per share                                              1.25            0.96               1.60


              For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, the Group had securities which could
              potentially dilute basic earnings per share in the future, but which were excluded from the
              computation of diluted earnings per share as their effects would have been anti-dilutive. Such
              outstanding securities consist of the following at non-weighted basis:


                                                                                         As of December 31,
                                                                                     2023            2024               2025

              Outstanding employee options and nonvested
                restricted stocks                                            53,132,230        45,194,870         10,265,860




268   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                    CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
                                       (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


14. SEGMENT
  The Group’s chief operating decision maker (“CODM”) has been identified as the chief executive
  officer. The Group has two operating segments which are legacy Huazhu and legacy DH according
  to the way management intends to evaluate results and allocate resources within the Group. In
  identifying its reportable segments, the Group assesses the nature of operating segments and
  evaluates the operating results of each reporting segment. Both operating segments meet the
  quantitative thresholds and should be considered as two reportable segments. The CODM uses
  revenue and Adjusted EBITDA to evaluate the trends of the segments over time and monitor
  budget-to-actual variances to assess the performance and determine how to allocate capital
  resources. To better reflect the profitability of core business, the Group has redefined Adjusted
  EBITDA starting in 2024, with comparative figures for 2023 recast accordingly. Adjusted EBITDA
  is defined as net income attributable to H World Group Limited excluding income tax expense,
  interest expense, interest income, depreciation and amortization, share-based compensation
  expenses, gain (loss) from fair value changes of equity securities, foreign exchange gain (loss)
  and gain (loss) on disposal of investments. Significant segment expenses include adjusted hotel
  operating costs, adjusted selling and marketing expenses, adjusted general and administrative
  expenses, all of which exclude depreciation and amortization and share-based compensation
  expenses. The CODM does not use assets by operating segment when assessing performance or
  making operating segment resource allocations.


  The following table provides a summary of the Group’s operating segment results and
  reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income attributable to H World Group Limited for the
  years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025         269
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


      14. SEGMENT (Continued)
                                                                                                    Years Ended December 31,
                                                                  2023                                          2024                                         2025
                                              Legacy     Legacy                          Legacy        Legacy                            Legacy     Legacy
                                              Huazhu        DH Elimination      Total    Huazhu            DH Elimination       Total    Huazhu        DH Elimination      Total

              Leased and owned hotels          9,522      4,286          (12) 13,796      9,146         4,697           –      13,843     8,371      4,572           –   12,943
              Manachised and franchised
                hotels                         7,596       107           (9)   7,694      9,385           126          (13)     9,498    11,542       176           (22) 11,696
              Others                             326        72           (6)     392        498            58           (6)      550        622        46            –      668
              Total revenues                  17,444      4,465          (27) 21,882     19,029         4,881          (19) 23,891       20,535      4,794          (22) 25,307
              Adjusted hotel operating
                costs                          (9,419)   (3,569)                          (9,888)       (4,125)                          (10,476)   (3,662)
              Adjusted selling and
                marketing expenses              (641)      (429)                           (723)         (451)                              (769)     (493)
              Adjusted general and
                administrative expenses        (1,405)     (505)                          (1,573)        (575)                            (1,433)     (383)
              Other segment items
                (primarily include other
                operating income, net)           206       122                              129           116                               117       243
              Adjusted EBITDA                  6,185        84           (1)   6,268      6,974          (154)          –       6,820     7,974       499            –    8,473
              Interest income                                                    248                                             210                                        223
              Interest expense                                                  (385)                                            (318)                                     (337)
              Income tax expense                                               (1,204)                                         (1,662)                                    (2,161)
              Depreciation and
                amortization                                                   (1,414)                                         (1,332)                                    (1,257)
              Share-based compensation                                          (143)                                            (322)                                     (420)
              Gain (loss) from fair value
                changes of equity
                securities, net                                                  109                                              (66)                                       (10)
              Foreign exchange gain (loss),
                net                                                               90                                             (272)                                      569
              Gain (loss) on disposal of
                investments                                                      516                                              (10)                                        –
              Net income attributable to H
                World Group Limited                                            4,085                                            3,048                                     5,080




270   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                    CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
                                       (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


14. SEGMENT (Continued)
   The following tables represent revenues and property and equipment, net, intangible assets, net,
   right-of-use assets, land use rights, net and goodwill by geographical region.


   Revenues:


                                                                   Years Ended December 31,
                                                                 2023                 2024                 2025

   PRC                                                         17,393               18,984              20,499
   Germany                                                       3,324               3,544                3,400
   All others                                                    1,165               1,363                1,408
   Total                                                       21,882               23,891              25,307


   Property and equipment, net, intangible assets, net, right-of-use assets, land use rights, net and
   goodwill:


                                                                                  As of December 31,
                                                                                      2024                 2025

   PRC                                                                              27,461              26,101
   Germany                                                                          11,940              13,131
   All others                                                                        3,716                3,986
   Total                                                                            43,117              43,218


   Other than PRC and Germany, there were no countries that individually represented more than
   10% of the total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025         271
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


      15. CASH DIVIDEND
              On November 29, 2023, the Group approved and declared a cash dividend of US$0.093 per ordinary
              share, or US$0.93 per ADS, on its outstanding shares as of the close of trading on January 10,
              2024. Such dividend of RMB2,091 was fully paid in 2024.


              On July 23, 2024, the Group approved and declared a cash dividend of US$0.063 per ordinary
              share, or US$0.63 per ADS, on its outstanding shares as of the close of trading on August 14, 2024.
              Such dividend of RMB1,389 was mostly paid in 2024.


              On March 20, 2025, the Group approved and declared a cash dividend of US$0.097 per ordinary
              share, or US$0.97 per ADS, on its outstanding shares as of the close of trading on April 9, 2025.
              Such dividend of RMB2,136 was fully paid in 2025.


              On August 20, 2025, the Group approved and declared a cash dividend of US$0.081 per ordinary
              share, or US$0.81 per ADS, on its outstanding shares as of the close of trading on September 9,
              2025. Such dividend of RMB1,771 was mostly paid in 2025.


              On March 18, 2026, the Group approved and declared a cash dividend of US$0.13 per ordinary
              share, or US$1.30 per ADS, on its outstanding shares as of the close of trading on May 4, 2026.
              Such dividend of approximately US$400 million is expected to be paid in the second quarter of
              2026.




272   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
                                       (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


16. LEASES
   The Group’s leases mainly related to buildings and the rights to use the land. The total expense
   related to short-term leases was insignificant for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and
   2025, and sublease income of the Group which was recognized in revenues in the consolidated
   statements of comprehensive income was RMB143, RMB163 and RMB148 for the years ended
   December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. The Group recognized a negative lease expense
   of RMB98 for the year ended December 31, 2023 under the relief of lease concession from
   COVID-19 as the Group elects using the variable lease expense approach. For the year ended
   December 31, 2024 and 2025, the impact under the relief of lease concession from COVID-19 was
   immaterial.


   A summary of supplemental information related to operating leases in 2024 and 2025 is as
   follows:


                                                                             Years Ended December 31,

                                                                                      2024                 2025
   Lease cost:
   Operating fixed lease cost                                                        4,166                4,017
   Finance lease cost
     – Amortization of ROU assets                                                        91                   98
     – Interest on lease liabilities                                                    129                 135
   Variable lease cost                                                                  290                 262
   Total lease cost                                                                  4,676                4,512

   Other information:
   Weighted average remaining lease term
   Operating leases                                                               14 years            14 years
   Finance leases                                                                 27 years            26 years
   Weighted average discount rate
   Operating leases                                                                 5.97%                5.45%
   Finance leases                                                                   4.30%                4.31%




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025         273
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


      16. LEASES (Continued)
              As of December 31, 2025, the maturities of lease liabilities, excluding lease liabilities classified
              in liabilities held for sale (Note 8), in accordance with ASC 842 in each of the next five years and
              thereafter are as follows:


                                                                                            Total             Total
                                                                                       Operating           Finance
              Year Ending December 31,                                                    Leases            Leases

              2026                                                                          3,976               190
              2027                                                                          3,814               194
              2028                                                                          3,638               197
              2029                                                                          3,413               198
              2030                                                                          3,143               198
              Thereafter                                                                   21,223             4,288
              Total minimum lease payments                                                 39,207             5,265
              Less: amount representing interest                                           12,076             2,143
              Present value of minimum lease payments                                      27,131             3,122


              As of December 31, 2025, the Group has entered 16 lease contracts that the Group expects to
              account for as operating or finance leases, the future undiscounted lease payments for these
              non-cancellable lease contracts are RMB5,044, which is not reflected in the consolidated balance
              sheets.




274   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                         CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
                                        (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


16. LEASES (Continued)
   As of December 31, 2024, the maturities of lease liabilities, excluding lease liabilities classified
   in liabilities held for sale (Note 8), in accordance with ASC 842 in each of the next five years and
   thereafter were as follows:


                                                                                       Total               Total
                                                                                 Operating              Finance
   Year Ending December 31,                                                         Leases               Leases

   2025                                                                               4,028                  171
   2026                                                                               3,845                  174
   2027                                                                               3,746                  177
   2028                                                                               3,565                  180
   2029                                                                               3,358                  181
   Thereafter                                                                        21,480                4,086
   Total minimum lease payments                                                      40,022                4,969
   Less: amount representing interest                                                12,896                2,076
   Present value of minimum lease payments                                           27,126                2,893


   Supplemental cash flow information related to leases for the years ended December 31, 2024 and
   2025 are as follows:


                                                                              Years Ended December, 31
                                                                                       2024                 2025

   Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of
     operating lease liabilities                                                      4,212                4,057
   Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of finance
     lease liabilities                                                                   109                 139
   Non-cash right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for
     operating lease liabilities                                                      2,076                1,176
   Non-cash right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for finance
     lease liabilities, net of reassessment of finance lease
     payments                                                                             78                    0




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025         275
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


      17. INCOME TAXES
              The Group is subject to different income tax rates in various countries and jurisdictions under
              laws and relevant interpretations depending on the place of formation. The Group’s principal
              operations and geographic markets are in PRC mainland.


              Under the Law of the People’s Republic of China on Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT Law”), which was
              effective from January 1, 2008, domestically-owned enterprises and foreign-invested enterprises
              are subject to a uniform tax rate of 25%, and the industries and projects that are encouraged and
              supported by the State may enjoy tax preferential treatment. Jizhu Information and Technology
              (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (“Jizhu Shanghai”), which formerly known as Mengguang Information and
              Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd, is a recognized software development entity located in Shanghai
              of PRC. Jizhu Shanghai was certified as a high and new technology enterprise in November 2018,
              December 2021 and December 2024, and accordingly was entitled to a reduced tax rate of 15%
              for the years from 2018 to 2026. Huazhu Cloud (Shanghai) Information and Technology Co., Ltd.
              (“Huazhu Cloud”) (formerly known as H-World Information and Technology Co., Ltd.) was certified
              as high and new tech enterprise in December 2019, December 2022 and December 2025, and
              accordingly was entitled to a reduced tax rate of 15% for the years from 2019 to 2027.


              Pursuant to the relevant regulations applicable to small and micro businesses, several PRC
              subsidiaries enjoy a preferential tax rate of 20% with a discount to taxable income. From January
              1, 2022 to December 31, 2022, for taxable income less than RMB1, 87.5% of the taxable income
              would be exempted in tax computation, and for taxable income over RMB1 but less than RMB3,
              the discount would be 75%. From January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2027, for taxable income less
              than RMB3, 75% of the taxable income would be exempted in tax computation. Entities qualified
              as small and micro businesses shall be engaged in industries not restricted or prohibited by the
              state, who also meet all three following conditions: annual taxable income does not exceed RMB3,
              no more than 300 employees, and the total assets does not exceed RMB50.


              Under the current tax laws in Germany, companies are subject to income tax at a standard rate of
              15% (15.825% including solidarity surcharge), plus municipal trade tax of 7%-21%. In other major
              jurisdictions, including Austria, Netherlands and Belgium, the Group is subject to a range from
              9% to 25% of the statutory income tax rate, respectively. The income tax rates in other countries
              and jurisdictions are of little effect on the financial statements due to relative small in size of
              operation.


              Income before income taxes consists of:


                                                                                                     Year Ended
                                                                                                 December 31, 2025

              PRC Mainland                                                                                     7,134
              Germany                                                                                                52
              Others                                                                                                116
              Total                                                                                            7,302




276   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                        CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
                                       (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


17. INCOME TAXES (Continued)
   Income before income taxes of prior years consists of:


                                                                         Years Ended December 31,
                                                                                  2023                     2024

   PRC Mainland, Hong Kong and Taiwan                                            5,833                    5,414
   Germany                                                                         (463)                   (857)
   Others                                                                           (21)                    248
   Total                                                                         5,349                    4,805


   Income tax expense (benefit) is comprised of the following:


                                                                   Years Ended December 31,
                                                                 2023                 2024                 2025

   Current Tax                                                   1,175               1,549                2,014
   Deferred Tax                                                     29                  113                 147
   Total                                                         1,204               1,662                2,161


   A reconciliation between the effective income tax rate and the PRC Mainland statutory income tax
   rate after the adoption of ASU 2023-09 is as follows:


                                                                      Year Ended December 31, 2025
                                                                              Amount                   Percent

   Tax at PRC Mainland statutory tax rate                                        1,825                  25.00%
   Foreign Tax Effects
     Hong Kong
       Statutory tax rate difference                                               (214)               (2.93)%
     Germany
       Changes in Valuation Allowance                                              (139)               (1.91)%
       Effect of tax rate adjustment                                               131                   1.79%
       Other                                                                         24                  0.33%
     Other foreign jurisdictions                                                     70                  0.96%
   Effect of cross-border tax laws
     Withholding Tax                                                               313                   4.29%
   Research and development expenses super deduction                                (84)               (1.15)%
   Valuation allowance                                                             131                   1.80%
   Nontaxable or nondeductible items
     Share based compensation                                                      105                   1.44%
     Other nontaxable nondeductible items                                             4                  0.06%
   Other                                                                              (5)              (0.08)%
   Effective tax rate                                                            2,161                  29.60%




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025         277
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


      17. INCOME TAXES (Continued)
              A reconciliation between the effective income tax rate and the PRC Mainland statutory income tax
              rate for years prior to the adoption of ASU 2023-09 is as follows:


                                                                                            Years Ended December 31,
                                                                                                  2023           2024

              PRC Mainland statutory tax rate                                                      25%           25%
              Tax effect of non-deductible expenses and non-taxable income
                in determining taxable profit                                                       2%             4%
              Effect of different tax rate of group entities operating in other
                jurisdictions                                                                      (4)%          (2)%
              Effect of change in valuation allowance                                              (0)%            1%
              Effect of tax holiday                                                                (1)%          (1)%
              Effect of cash dividends                                                              1%             8%
              Effective tax rate                                                                   23%           35%


              The amounts of income taxes paid by the Company were as follows:


                                                                                               Year Ended December 31
                                                                                                                 2025

              PRC Mainland                                                                                      1,631
              Foreign                                                                                                  1
              Income taxes, net of amounts refunded                                                             1,632


              The aggregate amount and per share effect of the tax credits are as follows:


                                                                                     Years Ended December 31,
                                                                                     2023         2024           2025

              Aggregate amount                                                         60            47            98
              Per share effect – basic                                               0.02          0.02           0.03
              Per share effect – diluted                                             0.02          0.02           0.03




278   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                         FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
                                           (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


17. INCOME TAXES (Continued)
   The principal components of the Group’s deferred income tax assets and liabilities as of December
   31, 2024 and 2025 are as follows:


                                                                                      As of December 31,
                                                                                          2024                 2025

   Deferred tax assets:
     Net loss carryforward                                                               1,091                1,105
     Deferred revenue                                                                       562                 674
     Long-term assets                                                                       485                 377
     Bad debt provision                                                                      80                   92
     Accrued payroll                                                                        110                   97
     Others                                                                                 121                 150
     Valuation allowance                                                                   (718)               (655)
     Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance                               1,731                1,840
   Deferred tax liabilities:
     Fair value adjustment for building, land use rights and
       identified intangible assets due to acquisition                                   1,405                1,548
     Withholding tax                                                                        191                 322
     Total deferred tax liabilities                                                      1,596                1,870
   Net deferred tax assets (liabilities)                                                    135                  (30)

     Analysis as:
     Deferred tax assets                                                                 1,054                1,157
     Deferred tax liabilities                                                               919               1,187
   Net deferred tax assets (liabilities)                                                    135                  (30)


   Deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset where the Group has a legally enforceable
   right to do so, and intends to settle on a net basis.




                                                                         H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025         279
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


      17. INCOME TAXES (Continued)
              The Group considers positive and negative evidence to determine whether some portion or all of
              the deferred tax assets will more likely than not be realized. This assessment considers, among
              other matters, the nature, frequency and severity of recent losses, forecasts of future profitability,
              the duration of statutory carryforward periods, the Group’s experience with tax attributes expiring
              unused and tax planning alternatives. Valuation allowances have been established for deferred
              tax assets based on a more likely than not threshold. The Group’s ability to realize deferred tax
              assets depends on its ability to generate sufficient taxable income within the carryforward periods
              provided for in the tax law. Movement of the valuation allowance is as follows:


                                                                                     Years Ended December 31,
                                                                                     2023         2024          2025

              Balance at the beginning of the year                                   (731)         (675)        (718)
              Provided                                                               (145)         (271)         (28)
              Reversed                                                                165          177            17
              Written off                                                              36            51           74
              Balance at the end of the year                                         (675)         (718)        (655)


              As of December 31, 2025, the Group’s PRC subsidiaries had tax loss carryforwards of RMB1,734,
              which will expire between 2026 and 2030 if not used. Companies under Legacy DH had tax loss
              carry forwards of RMB2,720, which can be offset in the future without anytime restriction.


              The Group determines whether or not a tax position is “more-likely-than-not” of being sustained
              upon audit based solely on the technical merits of the position. At December 31, 2024 and 2025,
              the Group had recorded liabilities for uncertain tax benefit of approximately RMB85 and RMB90
              mainly associated with the interests on intercompany loans and other permanent differences
              related to Corporate Income and Trade Taxes, respectively. No interest or penalty expense was
              recorded for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025. In 2026, the Group will decrease
              its income tax liability by RMB0.2 for unrecognized tax benefits previously recorded in 2016 as the
              statute of limitations for the tax liabilities of certain tax positions will expire under the PRC Tax
              Administration and Collection Law.


                                                                                     Years Ended December 31,
                                                                                     2023         2024          2025

              Balance at the beginning of the year                                     65            67           85
              Addition for tax positions                                                2            18               5
              Balance at the end of the year                                           67            85           90




280   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
                                       (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


17. INCOME TAXES (Continued)
   In accordance with the EIT Law, dividends, which arise from profits of foreign invested enterprises
   (“FIEs”) earned after January 1, 2008, are subject to a 10% withholding income tax. If there is a
   favorable tax treaty between PRC Mainland and the jurisdiction of the foreign holding company,
   the income tax rate may be reduced. For example, holding companies in Hong Kong that are
   also tax residents in Hong Kong are eligible for a 5% withholding tax on dividends under the Tax
   Memorandum between PRC Mainland and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region if the
   holding company is the beneficial owner of the dividends and holds more than 25% of the PRC
   company. Under applicable accounting principles, a deferred tax liability should be recorded
   for taxable temporary differences attributable to the excess of financial reporting basis over
   tax basis in a domestic subsidiary. To facilitate this dividend distribution and meet the oversea
   treasury demand, certain amount of dividends from the Group’s PRC subsidiaries to its oversea
   subsidiaries was planned. In 2023, the Group revised its dividend policy that it may make a
   dividend distribution every year up to 45% of its current year net income starting from 2023. PRC
   dividend withholding tax of RMB75 was accrued as of December 31, 2023. In 2024, the Group
   announced an amended three-year dividend policy that, the board of directors has the sole
   discretion to declare and distribute ordinary dividends semi-annually, the aggregate amount of
   which for each financial year shall be no less than 60% of the Group’s net income in such financial
   year.


   As of December 31, 2025, the Group has accrued a total of RMB322 in PRC dividend withholding
   tax on undistributed earnings, which the Group plans to distribute from PRC subsidiaries to
   its oversea subsidiaries. Other than these planned dividends distributions, the Group intends
   to indefinitely reinvest the remaining undistributed earnings of PRC subsidiaries, of which, no
   provision for PRC dividend withholding tax was accrued.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025         281
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


      17. INCOME TAXES (Continued)
              According to the PRC Tax Administration and Collection Law, the statute of limitations is three
              years if the underpayment of income taxes is due to computational errors made by the taxpayer.
              The statute of limitations will be extended to five years under special circumstances, which are
              not clearly defined, but an underpayment of income tax liability exceeding RMB0.1 is specifically
              listed as a special circumstance. In the case of a transfer pricing related adjustment, the statute
              of limitations is ten years. There is no statute of limitations in the case of tax evasion. The Group’s
              PRC subsidiaries are therefore subject to examination by the PRC tax authorities from inception to
              2025.


              According to the German General Fiscal Code, the statute of limitations for the assessment and
              collection of taxes is four years. The four-year period usually starts at the end of the year in which
              the tax return is filed. If no tax return is filed, the statute of limitations starts with the end of the
              third year following the year in which the tax arose. Extended limitations of 5 and 10 years will
              apply in the event of tax evasion or tax fraud. The statute of limitations may be suspended for a
              variety of reasons, for example, appeal of assessment by taxpayers, announcement or start of a
              tax audit, obvious mistake in tax assessment, etc.


              The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) developed a Global Anti-
              Base Erosion Rules (Pillar Two) to ensure a 15% global minimum tax paid by large multinational
              enterprises with consolidated revenue over EUR 750 million. In December 2022, the EU Minimum
              Tax Directive entered into force and led to member states to enact legislation to implement Pillar
              Two rules effective for fiscal years starting on or after December 31, 2023.


              On 1 January 2025, Singapore’s Multinational Enterprise Top-up Tax Act came into effect.
              Hong Kong, China, gazetted the Inland Revenue (Amendment) (Minimum Tax for Multinational
              Enterprise Groups) Bill 2024 on 27 December 2024, which will come into operation for financial
              years commencing on or after 1 January 2025.


              Some other major jurisdictions have either enacted certain parts of the Pillar Two rules or begun
              the process of enacting such rules, with varying effective dates.


              Based on current enacted legislation effective in 2025, group’s structure and assessment, the
              Group does not expect Pillar Two to have a material impact on the effective tax rate, consolidation
              results of operation, financial position, and cash flows in near term. The Group will continue to
              closely monitor Pillar Two global implementation process and executive the assessment.




282   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                  CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
                                        (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


18. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS
   A.   DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS
        The Group maintains a German pension plan after the completion of the acquisition of DH.


        As of December 31, 2024 and 2025, accumulated benefit obligation net of plan assets
        recognized in the consolidated balance sheets consist of the following:


                                                                                   As of December 31,
                                                                                       2024                 2025

        Salary and welfare payables                                                         9                  10
        Retirement benefit obligation                                                    111                 109
        Liability in the balance sheet                                                   120                 119


   B.   DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PLANS
        Full time employees of the Group in the PRC participate in a government-mandated defined
        contribution plan pursuant to which certain pension benefits, medical care, unemployment
        insurance, employee housing fund and other welfare benefits are provided to employees.
        PRC labor regulations require the Group to accrue for these benefits based on a certain
        percentage of the employees’ salaries. The total contribution for such employee benefits
        were RMB699, RMB835 and RMB990 for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and
        2025, respectively. The Group has no ongoing obligation to its employees subsequent to its
        contribution to the PRC plan.


        Furthermore, the Group pays contribution to governmental and private pension insurance
        organizations based on legal regulations in some countries out of PRC. The contributions
        are recognized as expense and amount RMB90, RMB108 and RMB111 for the years ended
        December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025.




                                                                      H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025         283
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


      19. RESTRICTED NET ASSETS
              Pursuant to laws applicable to entities incorporated in the PRC, our subsidiaries in the PRC must
              make appropriations from after-tax profit to non-distributable reserve funds. In particular, subject
              to certain cumulative limits, the statutory reserve fund requires an annual appropriation of 10% of
              after-tax profit (as determined under accounting principles generally accepted in the PRC at each
              year-end) until the accumulative amount of such reserve fund reaches 50% of a PRC subsidiary’s
              registered capital. These reserve funds can only be used for such specific purposes as provided
              in PRC laws, and are not distributable as cash dividends, amounted to RMB1,029, RMB1,455 and
              RMB1,574 as of December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. In addition, due to restrictions
              on the distribution of share capital from the Group’s PRC subsidiaries, the PRC subsidiaries
              share capital of RMB2,695 at December 31, 2025 is considered restricted. As a result of these
              PRC laws and regulations, as of December 31, 2025, approximately RMB4,269 is not available for
              distribution to the Company by its PRC subsidiaries in the form of dividends, loans or advances.


      20. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES
              Parties are considered to be related if one party has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control
              the other party or exercise significant influence over the other party in making financial and
              operational decisions. Parties are also considered to be related if they are subject to common
              control or common significant influence. Related parties may be individuals or corporate entities.


              The following entities are considered to be related parties to the Group. The related parties mainly
              act as service providers or service recipients to the Group. The Group is not obligated to provide
              any type of financial support to these related parties.


              Related Party                                Nature of the Party               Relationship with the Group

              Trip.com Group Limited (“Trip.com”)          Online travel services provider   Mr. Qi Ji is a director; Shareholder of
                                                                                               the Group; One officer of Trip.com
                                                                                               is a family member of the Group’s
                                                                                               director
              China Cjia Group Limited (“Cjia Group”)      Apartment Management Group Equity method investee of the Group
              Shanghai Zhuchuang Enterprise                Staged office space company       Equity method investee of the Group
                Management Co., Ltd. (“Zhuchuang”)
              Shanghai Lianquan Hotel Management           Hotel management company          Equity method investee of the Group
                Co., Ltd. (“Lianquan”)
              Huamai (Guangzhou) Hotel Management          Hotel management company          Equity method investee of the Group
                Co., Ltd. (“Huamai”)
              Azure Hospitality Fund I Limited             Fund                              Equity method investee of the Group
                Partnership (LLP) (“Azure”)




284   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                    FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
                                      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


20. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES
    (Continued)
   (A)   RELATED PARTY BALANCES
         Amounts due from related parties consist of the following:


                                                                                 As of December 31,
                                                                                     2024                 2025

         Trip.com                                                                      284                 265
         Lianquan                                                                       49                   19
         Huamai                                                                         26                   16
         Cjia Group                                                                     15                   12
         Zhuchuang                                                                      14                   14
         Others                                                                         24                   25
         Allowance for expected credit losses                                          (64)                 (37)
         Total                                                                         348                 314


         Amounts due to related parties consist of the following:


                                                                                 As of December 31,
                                                                                     2024                 2025

         Trip.com                                                                       41                   60
         Cjia Group                                                                     14                   20
         Others                                                                         19                   49
         Total                                                                          74                 129




                                                                    H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025         285
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


      20. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES
          (Continued)
              (B)     RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
                      During the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, significant related party
                      transactions were as follows:


                                                                                     Years Ended December 31,
                                                                                     2023         2024          2025

                      Commission expenses to Trip.com                                 260          297           307
                      Lease expenses to Trip.com                                       19            19           19
                      Lease expenses to Cjia Group                                     37            36           38
                      Goods sold and service provided to Cjia
                         Group                                                         17            32           28
                      Service fee from Trip.com                                       112          146           116
                      Service fee from Azure                                           17            21           21
                      Sublease income from Lianquan                                    10            11           –
                      Sublease income from Cjia Group                                   5             6            5




286   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                  CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                   FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
                                     (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


21. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
  (A)   COMMITMENTS
        As of December 31, 2025, the Group’s commitments related to leasehold improvements
        and installation of equipment for hotel operations was RMB119, which is expected to be
        incurred within one to two years.


  (B)   CONTINGENCIES
        The Group is subject to periodic legal or administrative proceedings in the ordinary course
        of the Group’s business, including lease contract terminations and disputes, management
        agreement disputes and other disputes. The Group does not believe that any currently
        pending legal or administrative proceeding to which the Group is a party will have a
        material adverse effect on the financial statements. As of December 31, 2025, the accrued
        contingent liability was RMB16.




                                                                   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025         287
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


      22. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND IFRS
          ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
              The consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which differ
              in certain respects from International Financial Reporting Standards issued by International
              Accounting Standards Board (“IFRSs”). The effects of material differences between the
              consolidated financial statements of the Group prepared under U.S. GAAP and IFRSs are as
              follows:


              RECONCILIATION OF CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND
              COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS)

                                                                                                             For the year ended December 31, 2025

                                                                                                              IFRSs adjustments (RMB in millions)
                                                                          Amounts                           Share-                           Investments in
                                                                        as reported    Convertible           based                          debt and equity
                                                                         under U.S.    senior notes   compensation              Leases              securities Impairment of long-         Amounts
                                                                             GAAP          (Note i)        (Note ii)          (Note iii)             (Note iv) lived assets (Note vii)   under IFRSs

              Revenue
                Others                                                         668               –                –                  (7)                    –                    –              661
              Total revenue                                                 25,307               –                –                  (7)                    –                    –           25,300
              Operating costs and expenses
                Hotel operating costs                                       15,339               –                1              (1,156)                    –                 (511)          13,673
                Other operating costs                                           61               –                –                  (7)                    –                    –               54
                Selling and marketing expenses                               1,270               –                0                   –                     –                    –             1,270
                General and administrative expenses                          2,262               –             151                   (9)                    –                    –             2,404
                Pre-opening expenses                                            41               –                –                  (9)                    –                    –               32
              Total operating costs and expenses                            18,973               –             152               (1,181)                    –                 (511)          17,433
              Other operating income, net                                      485               –                –                199                      –                    4              688
              Income (Loss) from operations                                  6,819               –             (152)             1,373                      –                  515             8,555
              Interest expense                                                 337            (107)               –              1,597                      –                    –             1,827
              Loss from fair value changes on investments measured at
                 fair value through profit or loss                               –               –                –                   –                   (76)                   –               (76)
              Loss from fair value change of convertible notes                   –            (973)               –                   –                     –                    –              (973)
              Foreign exchange gain                                            569               –                –                   4                     –                    –              573
              Income (loss) before income taxes                              7,302            (866)            (152)              (220)                   (76)                 515             6,503
              Income tax expense (benefit)                                   2,161               –                –                 (10)                   (3)                 142             2,290
              Net income (loss)                                              5,115            (866)            (152)              (210)                   (73)                 373             4,187
              Net income (loss) attributable to H World Group Limited        5,080            (866)            (152)              (210)                   (73)                 373             4,152
              Other comprehensive income (loss)
              (Loss) gain from fair value changes of debt securities             (8)             –                –                   –                     7                    –                (1)
              Foreign currency translation adjustments                        (184)             14                –                 (29)                    –                 (132)             (331)
              Comprehensive income (loss)                                    4,932            (852)            (152)              (239)                   (66)                 241             3,864
              Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to H World
                 Group Limited                                               4,897            (852)            (152)              (239)                   (66)                 241             3,829




288   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                         CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
                                                                        (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


22. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND IFRS
    ACCOUNTING STANDARDS (Continued)
   RECONCILIATION OF CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND
   COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS) (Continued)
                                                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2024

                                                                                                     IFRSs adjustments (RMB in millions)
                                                        Amounts                           Share-                          Investments in                     Impairment
                                                      as reported    Convertible          based                          debt and equity    Equity method    of long-lived
                                                       under U.S.    senior notes   compensation             Leases           securities     investments           assets      Amounts
                                                           GAAP          (Note i)        (Note ii)          (Note iii)          (Note iv)        (Note vi)      (Note vii)   under IFRSs

   Revenue
     Others                                                  550               –                –                  (3)                 –                –               –           547
   Total revenue                                          23,891               –                –                  (3)                 –                –               –        23,888
   Operating costs and expenses
     Hotel operating costs                                15,285               –                2               (699)                  –                –             393        14,981
     Other operating costs                                    31               –                –                  (3)                 –                –               –            28
     Selling and marketing expenses                        1,176               –                1                   –                  –                –               –         1,177
     General and administrative expenses                   2,508               –             127                   12                  –                –               –         2,647
     Pre-opening expenses                                     50               –                –                 (10)                 –                –               –            40
   Total operating costs and expenses                     19,050               –             130                (700)                  –                –             393        18,873
   Other operating income, net                               359               –                –                  (1)                 –                –             298           656
   Income (Loss) from operations                           5,200               –            (130)                696                   –                –             (95)         5,671
   Interest expense                                          318            (112)               –              1,308                   –                –               –          1,514
   Loss from fair value changes on investments
     measured at fair value through profit or loss             –               –                –                   –               (271)               –               –           (271)
   Loss from fair value change of convertible notes            –            (427)               –                   –                  –                –               –           (427)
   Foreign exchange gain (loss)                             (272)              –                –                  (4)                 –                –               –           (276)
   Income (loss) before income taxes                       4,805            (315)           (130)               (616)               (271)               –             (95)         3,378
   Income tax expense(benefit)                             1,662               –               36                 (99)               (13)               –             (79)         1,507
   Income (loss) from equity method investments               (41)             –                –                   –                  –               22               –            (19)
   Net Income (Loss)                                       3,102            (315)           (166)               (517)               (258)              22             (16)         1,852
   Net income (loss) attributable to H World Group
     Limited                                               3,048            (315)            (166)              (517)               (258)              22             (16)         1,798
   Other comprehensive income (loss)
   Losses (gains) from fair value changes of debt
     securities                                               (38)             –                –                   –                 38                –               –              –
   Foreign currency translation adjustments                   28               –                –                  10                  –                –              62           100
   Comprehensive income (loss)                             3,098            (315)            (166)              (507)               (220)              22              46          1,958
   Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to H
     World Group Limited                                   3,044            (315)            (166)              (507)               (220)              22              46          1,904




                                                                                                                         H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025                           289
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


      22. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND IFRS
          ACCOUNTING STANDARDS (Continued)
              RECONCILIATION OF CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

                                                                                                                  As of December 31, 2025

                                                                                                             IFRSs adjustments (RMB in millions)
                                                                   Amounts                        Share-                        Investments in     Capped call
                                                                 as reported   Convertible         based                        debt and equity       options     Impairment of
                                                                  under U.S.   senior notes compensation             Leases          securities    transaction long-lived assets     Amounts
                                                                      GAAP         (Note i)      (Note ii)         (Note iii)          (Note iv)      (Note v)        (Note vii)   under IFRSs

              Other current assets                                      870              –              –                 12                 –              –                 –           882
              Total current assets                                   17,435              –              –                 12                 –              –                 –        17,447
              Property and equipment, net                             5,230              –              –                 (9)                –              –               (71)         5,150
              Intangible assets, net                                  5,028              –              –                  –                 –              –                 1          5,029
              Operating lease right-of-use assets                    24,983              –              –              (985)                 –              –            (1,721)       22,277
              Finance lease right-of-use assets                       2,394              –              –               361                  –              –              (651)         2,104
              Long-term investments                                   1,369              –              –                  –                31              –                 –          1,400
              Other assets                                              752              –              –                 98                 –              –                 –           850
              Deferred income tax assets                              1,157              –              –               513                  –              –              693           2,363
              Assets held for sale                                      669              –              –                 90                 –              –                 –           759
              Total assets                                           64,774              –              –                 80                31              –            (1,749)       63,136

              Short-term debt                                         5,337          1,073              –                  –                 –              –                 –          6,410
              Operating lease liability, current                      3,478              –              –                 45                 –              –                 –          3,523
              Finance lease liability, current                           59              –              –                  2                 –              –                 –            61
              Accrued expenses and other current liabilities          4,902            (18)             –                 (2)                –              –                 –          4,882
              Total current liabilities                              19,127          1,055              –                 45                 –              –                 –        20,227
              Operating lease liability, non-current                 23,653              –              –               703                  –              –                 –        24,356
              Finance lease liability, non-current                    3,063              –              –                 88                 –              –                 –          3,151
              Other long-term liabilities                             1,925              –              –                 47                 –              –                 –          1,972
              Deferred income tax liabilities                         1,187              –              –                  –                 –              –                 2          1,189
              Liabilities held for sale                                 671              –              –               102                  –              –                 –           773
              Total liabilities                                      51,816          1,055              –               985                  –              –                 2        53,858

              Additional paid-in capital                              9,653              –           657                   –                 –             91                 –        10,401
              Retained earnings                                       3,614         (1,059)          (657)             (873)                31             (91)          (1,550)          (585)
              Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)             199              4              –                (32)                –              –              (201)           (30)
              Total H World Group Limited shareholders’ equity       12,804         (1,055)             –              (905)                31              –            (1,751)         9,124

              Total equity                                           12,958         (1,055)             –              (905)                31              –            (1,751)         9,278
              Total liabilities and equity                           64,774              –              –                 80                31              –            (1,749)       63,136




290   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                            CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
                                                                          (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


22. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND IFRS
    ACCOUNTING STANDARDS (Continued)
   RECONCILIATION OF CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Continued)
                                                                                                           As of December 31, 2024

                                                                                                    IFRSs adjustments (RMB in millions)
                                                      Amounts                          Share-                   Investments in       Capped call                     Impairment
                                                    as reported   Convertible          based                   debt and equity           options    Equity method    of long-lived
                                                     under U.S.   senior notes   compensation      Leases           securities       transaction     investments           assets       Amounts
                                                         GAAP         (Note i)        (Note ii)   (Note iii)          (Note iv)         (Note v)         (Note vi)      (Note vii)    under IFRSs

   Other current assets                                    800              –                –           16                  –                –                 –               –            816
   Total current assets                                 13,215              –                –           16                  –                –                 –               –         13,231
   Property and equipment, net                           5,682              –                –          (21)                 –                –                 –            (121)         5,540
   Intangible assets, net                                4,776              –                –            –                  –                –                 –               (1)        4,775
   Operating lease right-of-use assets                  24,992              –                –        (873)                  –                –                 –          (1,753)        22,366
   Finance lease right-of-use assets                     2,272              –                –         285                   –                –                 –            (911)         1,646
   Long-term investments                                 2,316              –                –            –                 97                –                 –               –          2,413
   Other assets                                            668              –                –         170                   –                –                 –               –            838
   Deferred income tax assets                            1,054              –                –         557                   –                –                 –             783          2,394
   Assets held for sale                                  1,941              –                –         205                   –                –                 –              13          2,159
   Total assets                                         62,552              –                –         339                  97                –                 –          (1,990)        60,998

   Operating lease liability, current                    3,492              –                –         391                   –                –                 –               –          3,883
   Finance lease liability, current                         50              –                –           57                  –                –                 –               –            107
   Accrued expenses and other current liabilities        4,006            (18)               –           (3)                 –                –                 –               –          3,985
   Total current liabilities                            13,321            (18)               –         445                   –                –                 –               –         13,748
   Long-term debt                                        4,546            221                –            –                  –                –                 –               –          4,767
   Operating lease liability, non-current               23,634              –                –         201                   –                –                 –               –         23,835
   Finance lease liability, non-current                  2,843              –                –          (19)                 –                –                 –               –          2,824
   Other long-term liabilities                           1,472              –                –           43                  –                –                 –               –          1,515
   Deferred income tax liabilities                         919              –                –           52                  –                –                 –               2            973
   Liabilities held for sale                             2,084              –                –         283                   –                –                 –               –          2,367
   Total liabilities                                    50,281            203                –       1,005                   –                –                 –               2         51,491

   Additional paid-in capital                            9,620              –             505             –                  –               91                 –               –         10,216
   Retained earnings                                     2,449           (193)           (505)        (663)               104                (91)               –          (1,923)           (822)
   Accumulated other comprehensive
      income (loss)                                        382            (10)               –           (3)                (7)               –                 –             (69)           293
   Total H World Group Limited
      shareholders’ equity                              12,177           (203)               –        (666)                 97                –                 –          (1,992)         9,413

   Total equity                                         12,271           (203)               –        (666)                 97                –                 –          (1,992)         9,507
   Total liabilities and equity                         62,552              –                –         339                  97                –                 –          (1,990)        60,998




                                                                                                                       H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025                                      291
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


      22. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND IFRS
          ACCOUNTING STANDARDS (Continued)
              RECONCILIATION OF CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Continued)
              (i)     Convertible Senior Notes
                      Under U.S. GAAP, the Group has presented convertible senior notes as a liability in its
                      entirety.


                      Issuance costs related to the convertible senior notes were recorded as a direct deduction
                      from the principal amount of the convertible senior notes, and the discount caused by
                      issuance cost is amortized over the period from the date of issuance to the first put date of
                      the convertible senior notes, using the effective interest method.


                      Under IFRSs, since the convertible senior notes qualified a hybrid contract that contains
                      one or more embedded derivatives, i.e., conversion option and redemption option entitled
                      by the notes’ holders, and the conversion feature did not meet fixed-for-fixed criterion.
                      Therefore, these notes were designated by the Company as financial liabilities at fair value
                      through profit or loss such that the convertible senior notes were initially recognized at fair
                      values. Issuance costs related to the convertible senior notes were recognized as expenses
                      initially. Subsequent to initial recognition, the Company considered that the amounts of
                      changes in fair value of the convertible senior notes that were attributed to changes in
                      credit risk of the convertible senior notes recognized in other comprehensive income were
                      insignificant. Therefore, the amounts of changes in fair value of the convertible senior notes
                      were recognized in the profit or loss.


              (ii)    Share-based compensation
                      Under U.S. GAAP, the Group has elected to recognize compensation expense using the
                      straight-line method for all employee equity awards granted with graded vesting over the
                      requisite service period.


                      Under IFRSs, the accelerated method is required to recognize compensation expense for all
                      employee equity awards granted with graded vesting.




292   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                  CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                   FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
                                     (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


22. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND IFRS
    ACCOUNTING STANDARDS (Continued)
   RECONCILIATION OF CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Continued)
   (iii) Leases
       Lease Amortization

       Under U.S. GAAP, for operating leases, unless the right-of-use asset has been impaired,
       operating lease expense is recorded in a single financial statement line item on a straight-
       line basis over the lease term, there is no amount recorded as interest expense, and the
       “interest” amount is used to accrete the lease liability and to amortize the right-of-use
       asset. When lease payments are based on an index or rate and if there is a change to the
       index or rate, an entity does not remeasure its lease payments but instead recognizes the
       effect of the change in index or rate in expense.


       Under IFRSs, the right-of-use asset is amortized to amortization expense on a straight-line
       basis while the interest expense is recorded in connection with the lease liabilities on the
       basis that the lease liabilities are measured at amortized cost. Amortization and interest
       expense are required to be presented in separate line items by the lessee. When lease
       payments are based on an index or rate and if there is a change to the index or rate, such
       change will result in the remeasurement of the lease liability.




                                                                   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025         293
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


      22. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND IFRS
          ACCOUNTING STANDARDS (Continued)
              RECONCILIATION OF CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Continued)
              (iii) Leases (Continued)
                      Sublease classification

                      Under U.S. GAAP, an intermediate lessor classifies a sub-lease as a finance lease or as an
                      operating lease by reference to the underlying asset. Under IFRS, sub-lease classification
                      is determined by reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head lease, which may
                      more frequently result in finance lease classification under IFRS.


                      An intermediate lessor in an operating lease continues to amortize the underlying right-
                      of-use asset, and records lease income on a straight-line basis over the lease term. An
                      intermediate lessor in a finance lease derecognizes the leased asset and records a net
                      investment in the lease at lease commencement, in addition to any selling profit or loss.
                      The lessor records lease income on its net investment in lease under the effective interest
                      method.


              (iv) Investments in debt and equity securities
                      Under U.S. GAAP, the Group has elected to measure the investments in equity securities
                      without readily determinable fair values at cost minus impairment, if any, adjusted up or
                      down for observable price changes (i.e., prices in orderly transactions for the identical or
                      similar investment of the same issuer). Any adjustment to the carrying amount is recorded
                      in profit or loss. For available-for-sale debt securities, the Group recognizes such securities
                      at estimated fair value with unrealized holding gains and losses, net of tax impact, if any, in
                      accumulated other comprehensive income until realized, except for credit-related fair value
                      declines, which are recognized in profit or loss.


                      Under IFRSs, these investments were classified as financial assets at FVTPL and measured
                      at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with any fair value gains or losses
                      recognized in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income.




294   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                    CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
                                       (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


22. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND IFRS
    ACCOUNTING STANDARDS (Continued)
   RECONCILIATION OF CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Continued)
   (v)   Capped call options transaction
         In connection with the Company’s issuance of 2022 Convertible Senior Notes (which
         matured on November 1, 2022), the Company entered into capped call option transactions
         with some of the initial purchasers or their affiliates to reduce the potential dilution to
         existing shareholders of the Company upon conversion of the 2022 Convertible Senior
         Notes. In June 2022, the Company terminated these capped call transactions.

         Under U.S. GAAP, the capped calls meet the criteria for classification as equity and, as
         such, are carried at the acquisition cost and recorded as a reduction to additional paid-
         in-capital within shareholder’s equity. The capped call options transaction will be settled
         in the Company’s own equity instruments (ADSs). Besides, the transaction will be settled
         by the exchange of cash, ADSs, or a combination of cash and ADSs, which means unfixed
         amount of cash or an unfixed number of the Company’s own equity instruments.

         Under IFRSs, the capped call options should be classified as financial assets. The capped
         call options were initially and subsequently measured as financial asset at fair value
         through profit and loss.


   (vi) Equity method investments
         Under U.S. GAAP and IFRSs, the investor should adjust the results of its associate or joint
         venture to align the investee’s accounting policies with its own policies. The reconciliation
         items mainly arise from different accounting the associate or joint venture applied under
         each GAAP.




                                                                     H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025         295
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
      (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


      22. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND IFRS
          ACCOUNTING STANDARDS (Continued)
              RECONCILIATION OF CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Continued)
              (vii) Impairment of long-lived assets
                      Under U.S. GAAP, two-step approach is used in the measurement and recognition of
                      impairment loss of long-lived assets at the asset group or the individual asset level. During
                      step one recoverability test, the carrying amount is first compared with the undiscounted
                      cash flows, using entity specific assumptions. If failed, proceed with step two, where the
                      impairment loss is measured as the difference between the carrying value and fair value.
                      Reversal of impairment losses is not permitted.


                      Under IFRSs, only one-step approach is used in impairment testing. The carrying amount
                      is compared with the recoverable amount, which is the higher of fair value less costs of
                      disposal or the asset’s value in use based on the net present value of future cash flows.
                      Therefore, the difference in impairment assessment results in difference in impairment loss
                      under IFRSs. In addition, the lease accounting difference leads to difference in right-of-
                      use assets carrying amounts and thus results in difference in the allocation of impairment
                      loss among different type of long-lived assets within the same cash generating unit, which
                      is included in Note (iii) together with all other lease related GAAP differences. Reversal
                      of impairment losses is permitted if and only if there has been a change in the estimates
                      used to determine the asset’s recoverable amount, but not in excess of the cumulative
                      impairment loss that has been recognized.




296   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                       CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
ADDITIONAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION — FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULE I


   FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR PARENT COMPANY
   CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS
   (Renminbi in millions, except share and per share data, or otherwise stated)


                                                                         As of December 31,
                                                                 2024              2025               2025
                                                                                            US$’ in millions
                                                                                                   (Note 2)

   Assets
   Current assets:
     Cash and cash equivalents                                   1,869             1,836                263
     Short-term investments                                       863               850                 122
     Other current assets                                            2                 3                  0
     Total current assets                                        2,734             2,689                385
   Investment in and amount due from subsidiaries              18,103             21,061              3,012
   Total assets                                                20,837             23,750              3,397

   Liabilities and equity
   Current liabilities:
     Short-term debt                                                 –             3,514                503
     Amount due to subsidiaries                                  4,990             7,246              1,036
     Accrued expenses and other current liabilities                 76              186                  27
     Total current liabilities                                   5,066            10,946              1,566
   Long-term debt                                                3,594                –                   –
   Total liabilities                                             8,660            10,946              1,566
   Equity:
     Ordinary shares (US$0.00001 par value per
       share; 80,000,000,000 shares authorized;
       3,105,094,690 and 3,098,323,810 shares
       issued as of December 31, 2024 and 2025,
       and 3,083,916,600 and 3,071,525,690 shares
       outstanding as of December 31, 2024 and 2025,
       respectively)                                                 0                 0                  0
     Treasury shares (21,178,090 and 26,798,120
       shares as of December 31, 2024 and 2025,
       respectively)                                              (274)             (662)               (95)
   Additional paid-in capital                                    9,620             9,653              1,381
   Retained earnings                                             2,449             3,614                517
   Accumulated other comprehensive income                         382               199                  28
   Total equity                                                12,177             12,804              1,831
   Total liabilities and equity                                20,837             23,750              3,397




                                                                    H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   297
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      ADDITIONAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION — FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULE I



      FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR PARENT COMPANY
      CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
      (Renminbi in millions, or otherwise stated)


                                                               Years Ended December 31,
                                                      2023           2024         2025        2025
                                                                                            US$’ in
                                                                                           millions
                                                                                           (Note 2)

      Operating costs and expenses:
      General and administrative expenses              154            340          438          63
      Total operating costs and expenses               154            340          438          63
      Loss from operations                             (154)         (340)        (438)        (63)
      Interest income                                   69             64           49           7
      Interest expense                                 122            112          127          18
      Foreign exchange loss                            (108)           (23)         (57)         (8)
      Other income, net                                 61             93           71          10
      (Loss) gain from fair value changes of equity
        securities, net                                 (15)             4           (8)         (1)
      Income in investment in subsidiaries            4,354         3,362        5,590         799
      Net income attributable to H World Group
        Limited                                       4,085         3,048        5,080         726
      Other comprehensive income (loss), net of
        tax                                            154              (4)       (183)        (26)
      Comprehensive income                            4,239         3,044        4,897         700




298   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                          CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
        ADDITIONAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION — FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULE I



FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR PARENT COMPANY
CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
(Renminbi in millions, or otherwise stated)


                                                             Years Ended December 31,
                                                    2023           2024            2025            2025
                                                                                                 US$’ in
                                                                                               millions
                                                                                               (Note 2)

Net cash (used in) provided by operating
  activities                                         (133)            17              94             14
Investing activities:
Loans to subsidiaries                                (987)            (0)        (1,465)           (209)
Repayment of loans by subsidiaries                  2,061         1,000           3,678             526
Purchase of investments                              (803)        (1,188)        (1,000)           (143)
Proceeds from maturity/sale of investments           301            917           1,006             144
Dividends received                                      –             19               –               –
Net cash provided by investing activities            572            748           2,219             318
Financing activities:
Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares in
  Hong Kong public offering                         1,973              –               –               –
Net proceeds from issuance of ordinary
  shares upon exercise of options                       –              –              38               5
Payment of ordinary share issuance costs               (9)             –               –               –
Payment of repurchases of ordinary shares            (848)        (1,172)          (783)           (112)
Loans from subsidiaries                             2,574         2,553           2,608             374
Repayment of loans from subsidiaries                 (540)          (457)          (347)             (50)
Repayment of short-term bank borrowings              (439)             –               –               –
Dividends paid                                          –         (3,480)        (3,907)           (559)
Purchase of prepaid put option                          –           (710)              –               –
Net cash provided by (used in) financing
  activities                                        2,711         (3,266)        (2,391)           (342)
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and
  cash equivalents                                     28            (12)             45               6
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash
  equivalents                                       3,178         (2,513)            (33)             (4)
Cash, cash equivalents at the beginning of
  the year                                          1,204         4,382           1,869             267
Cash, cash equivalents at the end of the year       4,382         1,869           1,836             263


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements




                                                                  H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   299
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      ADDITIONAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION — FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULE I



      FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR PARENT COMPANY
      NOTE TO SCHEDULE I
      Schedule I has been provided pursuant to the requirements of Rule 12-04(a) and 5-04-(c) of Regulation
      S-X, which require condensed financial information as to the financial position, change in financial
      position and results of operations of a parent company as of the same dates and for the same periods
      for which audited consolidated financial statements have been presented when the restricted net assets
      of consolidated subsidiaries exceed 25 percent of consolidated net assets as of the end of the most
      recently completed fiscal year.


      The condensed financial information has been prepared using the same accounting policies as set out
      in the accompanying consolidated financial statements except that the equity method has been used
      to account for investments in its subsidiaries. Such investments in subsidiaries are presented on the
      balance sheets as investment in subsidiaries and the profit of the subsidiaries is presented as income in
      investment in subsidiaries.


      Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in
      accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America have been
      condensed or omitted. The footnote disclosures contain supplemental information relating to the
      operations of the Company and, as such, these statements should be read in conjunction with the notes
      to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.


      As of December 31, 2025, there are no material contingencies, mandatory dividend, and significant
      provision of long-term obligation or guarantee of the Company, except for those which have separately
      disclosed in the consolidated financial statements.




300   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
               CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
             ADDITION INFORMATION — FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULE II


This financial information has been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States.


VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
                                         Balance at        Provision
                                       Beginning of      (reversal) of                       Balance at
                                               Year       credit loss         Write off      End of Year
                                                           (Renminbi in millions)

Allowance for accounts receivable,
 loan receivables, assets held for
 sale, and other financial assets:
2023                                            203                89                (5)             287
2024                                            287                 3               (17)             273
2025                                            273               (18)              (33)             222

                                                ******




                                                                   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   301
      FURTHER INFORMATION

      Our annual report is available for viewing on the websites of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange at
      https://www.hkexnews.hk and our website at https://ir.hworld.com.


      In addition, we will provide printed copies of our annual report on Form 20-F to shareholders, including
      ADS holders, free of charge upon request.


      The following table sets out the exhibits filed with our annual report on Form 20-F.


      Exhibit Number         Description of Document

      1.1                    The Amended and Restated Memorandum and Second Amended and Restated
                             Articles of Association of the Registrant currently in effect, adopted by way of a
                             special resolution passed on June 27, 2023. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                             3.1 from our report on Form 6-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
                             on June 27, 2023.)


      2.1                    Registrant’s Specimen American Depositary Receipt. (Incorporated by reference
                             to Form 424b3 (file no. 333-225171) filed with the Securities and Exchange
                             Commission on July 11, 2022.)


      2.2                    Registrant’s Specimen Certificate for Ordinary Shares. (Incorporated by reference
                             to Exhibit 4.1 from our Form F-3 (file no. 333-269169) filed with the Securities and
                             Exchange Commission on January 10, 2023.)


      2.3                    Form of Deposit Agreement Among the Registrant, the Depositary and All Holders
                             and Beneficial Owners of the American Depositary Shares. (Incorporated by
                             reference to Exhibits 4.3 from the Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement
                             on Form F-1 (file no. 333-165247) filed with the Securities and Exchange
                             Commission on March 12, 2010.)


      2.4                    Form of Amendment No. 1 to Deposit Agreement among the Registrant, the
                             Depositary and all Holders and Beneficial Owners of the American Depositary
                             Shares issued thereunder. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits (a)(i) from the
                             post-effective amendment No. 1 to Form F-6 (file no. 333-225171) filed with the
                             Securities and Exchange Commission on May 7, 2021.)


      2.5                    Description of Securities


      4.1                    Amended and Restated 2009 Share Incentive Plan, amended and restated as of
                             October 1, 2009. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 from our Registration
                             Statement on Form F-1 (file no. 333-165247) filed with the Securities and Exchange
                             Commission on March 5, 2010.)




302   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
                                                                FURTHER INFORMATION



Exhibit Number   Description of Document

4.2              Amendment to the Amended and Restated 2009 Share Incentive Plan, amended as
                 of August 26, 2010. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 from our report on
                 Form 6-K (file no. 333-34656) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
                 on July 15, 2010.)


4.3              Amendment to the Amended and Restated 2009 Share Incentive Plan, amended
                 as of March 26, 2015. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 from our report on
                 Form 6-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 27, 2015.)


4.4              Form of Indemnification Agreement with the Registrant’s Directors. (Incorporated
                 by reference to Exhibit 10.4 from our Registration Statement on Form F-1 (file no.
                 333-165247) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 5, 2010.)


4.5              English translation of the Form of Employment Agreement between the Registrant
                 and Executive Officers of the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6
                 from our annual report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-34656) filed with the Securities
                 and Exchange Commission on April 12, 2012.)


4.6              Investor and Registration Rights Agreement between the Registrant and Ctrip.com
                 International, Ltd., dated March 12, 2010. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                 10.10 from the Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on Form F-1 (file
                 no. 333-165247) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 12,
                 2010.)


4.7              Supplemental Registration Rights Agreement between the registrant and Trip.com
                 dated August 3, 2020. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 from our annual
                 report on Form 20-F filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April
                 23, 2021.)


4.8              Indenture between the Registrant and Wilmington Trust, National Association
                 dated May 12, 2020. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.17 from our annual
                 report on Form 20-F filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April
                 23, 2021.)


4.9              Amended and Restated 2023 Share Incentive Plan, adopted on June 27, 2024.
                 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 from our report on Form 6-K filed with
                 the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 27, 2024.)


8.1              Subsidiaries of the Registrant




                                                               H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025   303
      FURTHER INFORMATION



      Exhibit Number         Description of Document

      11.1                   Code of Business Conduct and Ethics of the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference
                             to Exhibit 99.1 from our Registration Statement on Form F-1 (file no. 333-165247)
                             filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 5, 2010.)


      11.2                   Insider Trading Policy of the Registrant


      12.1                   Certification of Hui Jin, Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant, pursuant to
                             Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.


      12.2                   Certification of Arthur Yu, Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, pursuant to
                             Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.


      13.1                   Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
                             906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.


      15.1                   Consent of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP,
                             Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.


      15.2                   Consent of JunHe LLP


      97.1                   Policy Relating to Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation of the Registrant
                             (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 97.1 from our annual report on Form 20-F
                             filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 23, 2024.)


      101. INS               Inline XBRL Instance Document – the instance document does not appear in the
                             Interactive Data File because its XBRLtags are embedded within the Inline XBRL
                             document.


      101. SCH               Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document


      101. CAL               Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document


      101. DEF               Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document


      101. LAB               Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document


      101. PRE               Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document


      104.                   Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)




304   H World Group Limited Annual Report 2025
