Consolidated Financial Statements
(In U.S. dollars)


CONSTELLATION
SOFTWARE INC.
For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024
KPMG LLP
100 New Park Place, Suite 1400
Vaughan, ON L4K 0J3
Canada
Tel 905 265 5900
Fax 905 265 6390


                                                INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
To the Shareholders of Constellation Software Inc.

Opinion
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Constellation Software Inc. (the Entity),
which comprise:
•      the consolidated statements of financial position as at December 31, 2025 and December 31,
       2024
•      the consolidated statements of income (loss) for the years then ended
•      the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) for the years then ended
•      the consolidated statements of changes in equity for the years then ended
•      the consolidated statements of cash flows for the years then ended
•      and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of material accounting
       policy information
(Hereinafter referred to as the “financial statements”).
In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
consolidated financial position of the Entity as at December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, and
its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the years then ended in
accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards
Board.

Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the “Auditor’s Responsibilities for
the Audit of the Financial Statements” section of our auditor’s report.
We are independent of the Entity in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our
audit of the financial statements in Canada and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in
accordance with these requirements.


KPMG LLP, an Ontario limited liability partnership and member firm of the KPMG global organization of independent member firms affiliated
with KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. KPMG Canada provides services to KPMG LLP.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
for our opinion.

Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in
our audit of the financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025. These matters were
addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our
opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
We have determined the matters described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated
in our auditor’s report.
Determination of distinct professional services performance obligation in customer contracts
containing multiple performance obligations and estimation of hours to complete for certain
percentage-of-completion (“POC”) arrangements
Description of the matter
We draw attention to Notes 2(d) and 3(k) to the financial statements. The Entity has recognized
revenue of $11,623 million. A portion of revenue is associated with customer contracts that contain
multiple products and services such as software licenses, maintenance and other recurring services,
professional services, and hardware. The Entity uses significant judgment to assess whether
professional services sold in a customer contract are considered distinct and should be accounted
for as separate performance obligations. Revenue from the license of software that involves complex
implementation or customization that is not distinct, and/or includes sales of hardware that is not
distinct, is recognized as a combined performance obligation using the percentage-of-completion
(POC) method based primarily on labour hours. The Entity applies significant judgment to determine
the estimated hours to completion which affect the timing of recognition of revenue for professional
services and non-distinct license and/or hardware.
Why the matter is a key audit matter
We identified the determination of distinct professional services performance obligations in customer
contracts containing multiple performance obligations and the estimation of hours to complete for
certain POC arrangements, being contracts where revenue recognition is based on estimated hours
to completion, as a key audit matter. Significant auditor judgment was required to evaluate the
Entity’s significant judgments of whether professional services are distinct or non-distinct and the
estimated hours to completion for arrangements that are completed over an extended period. There
was significant auditor effort, involving more senior professionals, required to address this matter.
How the matter was addressed in the audit
The primary procedures we performed to address this key audit matter included the following:




                                                                                                    2
We evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of certain controls over revenue
recognition including controls related to the Entity’s process to identify distinct professional services
performance obligations in certain customer contracts and controls over the estimation of hours to
completion for POC arrangements, inclusive of executed contract amendments and change orders.
For a selection of new customer contracts, we assessed the Entity’s determination of distinct/non-
distinct professional services performance obligations, if any, by examining the contract source
documents, comparing to the Entity’s past assessments for similar contracts, and practices observed
in the Entity’s industry.
For a selection of POC arrangements where revenue recognition is based on the estimated hours to
completion, we interviewed operational personnel responsible for the contract. We obtained an
understanding of the original estimated hours to completion and any increase or decrease to the
estimated hours to completion as the contract progresses and inspected correspondence such as
project planning documents and change requests, if any, between the Entity and its customers.
In addition, we assessed the Entity’s historical ability to accurately estimate hours to completion by
performing an analysis of a selection of completed contracts to compare actual hours incurred upon
completion to the initial estimated hours to completion.

Other Information
Management is responsible for the other information. Other information comprises:
•   the information included in Management’s Discussion and Analysis filed with the relevant
    Canadian Securities Commissions.


Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not and will
not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially
inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit and remain alert for
indications that the other information appears to be materially misstated.
We obtained the information included in Management’s Discussion and Analysis filed with the
relevant Canadian Securities Commissions as at the date of this auditor’s report. If, based on the
work we have performed on this other information, we conclude that there is a material misstatement
of this other information, we are required to report that fact in the auditor’s report.
We have nothing to report in this regard.




                                                                                                        3
Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the
Financial Statements
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in
accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards
Board, and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the
preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
error.
In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Entity's ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing as applicable, matters related to going concern and using
the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Entity or to
cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Entity's financial reporting
process.

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report
that includes our opinion.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted
in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards will always detect a material
misstatement when it exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken
on the basis of the financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards, we exercise
professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.
We also:

•   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due
    to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
    evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

    The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one
    resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
    misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
    procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
    opinion on the effectiveness of the Entity's internal control.

                                                                                                     4
•   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
    estimates and related disclosures made by management.

•   Conclude on the appropriateness of management's use of the going concern basis of accounting
    and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to
    events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Entity's ability to continue as a going
    concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in
    our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures
    are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained
    up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Entity
    to cease to continue as a going concern.

•   Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the
    disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
    events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•   Communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned
    scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies
    in internal control that we identify during our audit.

•   Provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant
    ethical requirements regarding independence, and communicate with them all relationships and
    other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where
    applicable, related safeguards.

•   Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the
    financial information of the entities or business units within the group as a basis for forming an
    opinion on the group financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and
    review of the audit work performed for the purposes of the group audit. We remain solely
    responsible for our audit opinion.

•   Determine, from the matters communicated with those charged with governance, those matters
    that were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and
    are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law
    or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare
    circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our auditor’s report
    because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the
    public interest benefits of such communication.




                                                                                                       5
Chartered Professional Accountants, Licensed Public Accountants
The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this auditor’s report is Anuj Madan.
Vaughan, Canada
March 9, 2026




                                                                                        6
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position
(In millions of U.S. dollars, except per share amounts. Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)



                                                                         December 31, 2025    December 31, 2024

Assets
Current assets:
    Cash and cash equivalents                                        $               3,089   $               1,980
    Accounts receivable (note 21)                                                    1,470                   1,291
    Unbilled revenue (note 22)                                                         450                     369
    Inventories (note 5)                                                                68                      56
    Other assets (note 7)                                                              727                     596
                                                                                     5,803                   4,291
Non-current assets:
    Property and equipment (note 8)                                                    241                     222
    Right of use assets (note 9)                                                       384                     329
    Deferred income taxes (note 16)                                                    355                     222
    Investments accounted for using the equity method (note 6)                         655                      13
    Other assets (note 7)                                                              345                     316
    Intangible assets (note 10)                                                      8,388                   7,455
                                                                                    10,368                   8,557
Total assets                                                         $              16,171   $              12,848

Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity
Current liabilities:
    Debt with recourse to Constellation Software Inc. (note 11)      $                 -     $                 -
    Liability of CSI under the IRGA (note 11)                                          775                     303
    Debt without recourse to Constellation Software Inc. (note 12)                     591                     319
    Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                         1,941                   1,591
    Dividends payable (note 17)                                                         21                      21
    Deferred revenue (note 22)                                                       2,214                   1,966
    Provisions (note 13)                                                                17                      22
    Acquisition holdback payables                                                      224                     215
    Lease obligations (note 14)                                                        141                     115
    Income taxes payable                                                               150                     110
                                                                                     6,074                   4,661
Non-current liabilities:
    Debt with recourse to Constellation Software Inc. (note 11)                      1,489                   1,466
    Liability of CSI under the IRGA (note 11)                                          458                     389
    Debt without recourse to Constellation Software Inc. (note 12)                   2,051                   1,689
    Deferred income taxes (note 16)                                                    890                     671
    Acquisition holdback payables                                                      208                     133
    Lease obligations (note 14)                                                        282                     252
    Other liabilities (note 7)                                                         451                     298
                                                                                     5,830                   4,899

Total liabilities                                                                   11,904                   9,560


Shareholders' equity (note 17):
    Capital stock                                                                       99                      99
    Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)                                      130                    (224)
    Retained earnings                                                                3,347                   2,919
    Non-controlling interests (note 28)                                                692                     493
                                                                                     4,267                    3,288

Subsequent events (notes 29)
Total liabilities and shareholders' equity                           $              16,171   $              12,848

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.



                                                                     1
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Consolidated Statements of Income (loss)
(In millions of U.S. dollars, except per share amounts. Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)



                                                                                              Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                     2025             2024


Revenue
 License                                                                                 $            415    $        393
 Professional services                                                                              2,126           1,975
 Hardware and other                                                                                   382             302
 Maintenance and other recurring                                                                    8,700           7,396
                                                                                                   11,623          10,066

Expenses
 Staff                                                                                              5,924           5,322
 Hardware                                                                                             217             169
 Third party license, maintenance and professional services                                         1,114             960
 Occupancy                                                                                             71              64
 Travel, telecommunications, supplies, software and equipment                                         587             502
 Professional fees                                                                                    219             178
 Other, net                                                                                           215             182
 Depreciation                                                                                         201             182
 Amortization of intangible assets (note 10)                                                        1,182           1,044
                                                                                                    9,728           8,602


Foreign exchange loss (gain)                                                                          154             (26)
IRGA/TSS Membership liability revaluation charge                                                      440             183
Finance and other expense (income) (note 18)                                                         (228)            (60)
Bargain purchase gain (note 4)                                                                        (10)            (10)
Impairment of intangible and other non-financial assets (note 10)                                      43              28
Redeemable preferred securities expense (income)                                                      -                58
Revaluation of investment accounted for using the equity method to cost (note 6)                      260             -
Finance costs (note 18)                                                                               297             280
                                                                                                      955             452

Income (loss) before income taxes                                                                     939           1,011

Current income tax expense (recovery) (note 15)                                                       606             525
Deferred income tax expense (recovery) (note 15 and 16)                                              (252)           (281)
Income tax expense (recovery)                                                                         353             244

Net income (loss)                                                                                     586             767

Net income (loss) attributable to:
 Common shareholders of Constellation Software Inc.                                                   512             731
 Non-controlling interests (note 28)                                                                   74              37
Net income (loss)                                                                                     586             767

Earnings per common share of Constellation Software Inc.
    Basic and diluted (note 19)                                                         $           24.15    $      34.48



See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.



                                                               2
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (loss)
(In millions of U.S. dollars, except per share amounts. Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)



                                                                                                      Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                    2025                2024

Net income (loss)                                                                              $             586    $           767

Items that are or may be reclassified subsequently to net income (loss):

 Foreign currency translation differences from foreign operations and other, net of tax                      271                (135)


Items that will not be reclassified to net income (loss):


 Changes in the fair value of equity investments at FVOCI (note 6)                                           209                 -

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income tax                                                         481                (135)

Total comprehensive income (loss)                                                              $            1,067   $           633

Total other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to:
 Common shareholders of Constellation Software Inc.                                                          353                (119)
 Non-controlling interests                                                                                   127                 (16)
Total other comprehensive income (loss)                                                        $             481    $           (135)

Total comprehensive income (loss) attributable to:
 Common shareholders of Constellation Software Inc.                                                           865               612
 Non-controlling interests (note 28)                                                                          202                21
Total comprehensive income (loss)                                                              $            1,067   $           633

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                      3
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
(In millions of U.S. dollars, except per share amounts. Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)


Year ended December 31, 2025
                                                                                  Equity Attributable to Common Shareholders of CSI
                                                                                  Capital Accumulated         Retained           Total Non-controlling          Total equity
                                                                                   stock        other          earnings                      interests
                                                                                          comprehensive
                                                                                            income (loss)

Balance at January 1, 2025                                                    $          99   $       (224) $       2,919     $   2,795     $     493       $        3,288

Total comprehensive income (loss):

Net income (loss)                                                                    -                 -             512           512                74               586

Other comprehensive income (loss)

Foreign currency translation differences from
  foreign operations and other, net of tax and
  changes in the fair value of equity investments at FVOCI (note 6)                  -                 353            -            353            127                  481


Total other comprehensive income (loss)                                              -                 353            -            353            127                  481

Total comprehensive income (loss)                                                    -                 353           512           865            202                1,067

Transactions with owners, recorded directly in equity

 Other movements in non-controlling interests                                        -                      0             0             0             (1)                (0)

 Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                         -                 -              -             -                 (3)                (3)

 Dividends to shareholders of the Company (note 17)                                  -                 -              (85)          (85)          -                     (85)

Balance at December 31, 2025                                                  $          99   $        130      $   3,347     $   3,576     $     692       $        4,267

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                  4
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
(In millions of U.S. dollars, except per share amounts. Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)


Year ended December 31, 2024

                                                                                  Equity Attributable to Common Shareholders of CSI
                                                                                  Capital Accumulated         Retained           Total Non-controlling           Total equity
                                                                                   stock        other          earnings                      interests
                                                                                          comprehensive
                                                                                            income (loss)

Balance at January 1, 2024                                                    $          99   $        (99) $     1,876       $   1,877       $        85    $        1,961

Total comprehensive income (loss):

Net income (loss)                                                                    -                 -           731             731                 37               767

Other comprehensive income (loss)

Foreign currency translation differences from
  foreign operations and other, net of tax                                           -                (119)        -              (119)            (16)                 (135)

Total other comprehensive income (loss)                                              -                (119)         -              (119)           (16)                 (135)

Total comprehensive income (loss)                                                    -                (119)        731             612                 21               633

Transactions with owners, recorded directly in equity


 Non-controlling interests arising from business combinations                        -                 -            -               -                  (0)                   (0)

 Conversion of Lumine Special Shares to subordinate voting shares of
 Lumine and settlement of accrued dividend on Lumine Special Shares
 through the issuance of subordinate voting shares of Lumine                         -                 -            -               -             872                   872

 Conversion of Lumine Preferred Shares to subordinate voting shares of
 Lumine and settlement of accrued dividend on Lumine Preferred Shares
 through the issuance of subordinate voting shares of Lumine                         -                      (6)    400             394            (394)                  -


 Other movements in non-controlling interests                                        -                 -                (2)             (2)            (2)                   (4)


 Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                         -                 -            -               -              (89)                  (89)

 Dividends to shareholders of the Company                                                              -            (85)            (85)           -                     (85)

Balance at December 31, 2024                                                  $          99   $       (224) $     2,919       $   2,795       $   493        $        3,288

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                  5
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
(In millions of U.S. dollars, except per share amounts. Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)




                                                                                                     Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                           2025                  2024

Cash flows from (used in) operating activities:
    Net income (loss)                                                                                         586                767
    Adjustments for:
       Depreciation                                                                                           201                182
       Amortization of intangible assets (note 10)                                                          1,182              1,044
       IRGA/TSS Membership liability revaluation charge (note 11)                                             440                183
       Finance and other expense (income) (note 18)                                                          (228)               (60)
       Bargain purchase (gain) (note 4)                                                                       (10)               (10)
       Impairment of intangible and other non-financial assets (note 10)                                       43                 28
       Redeemable preferred securities expense (income)                                                       -                   58
       Revaluation of investment accounted for using the equity method to cost (note 6)                       260                -
       Finance costs (note 18)                                                                                297                280
       Income tax expense (recovery)                                                                          353                244
       Foreign exchange loss (gain)                                                                           154                (26)
       Depreciation of third party costs                                                                       17                 12
    Change in non-cash operating assets and liabilities
       exclusive of effects of business combinations (note 26)                                                 (6)               (45)
    Income taxes paid                                                                                        (556)              (460)
    Net cash flows from (used in) operating activities                                                      2,732              2,196

Cash flows from (used in) financing activities:
    Interest paid on lease obligations                                                                        (16)               (14)
    Interest paid on debt                                                                                    (196)              (178)
    Increase (decrease) in CSI facility                                                                       -                 (578)
    Increase (decrease) in Topicus revolving credit debt facility without recourse to CSI                     130                 73
    Proceeds from issuance of Senior Notes                                                                    -                1,000
    Proceeds from issuance of debt facilities without recourse to CSI                                         686                381
    Repayments of debt facilities without recourse to CSI                                                    (246)              (149)
    Other financing activities                                                                                 28                (25)
    Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                                                 (3)              (89)
    Debt transaction costs                                                                                    (13)               (16)
    Payments of lease obligations, net of sublease receipts                                                  (131)              (118)
    Distribution to the Joday Group                                                                           -                  (64)
    Principal repayments to the Joday Group pursuant to the Call Notice                                       -                  (22)
    Dividends paid to common shareholders of the Company (note 17)                                            (85)               (85)
    Net cash flows from (used in) in financing activities                                                     156                114

Cash flows from (used in) investing activities:
    Acquisition of businesses (note 4)                                                                      (1,227)            (1,347)
    Cash obtained with acquired businesses (note 4)                                                            173                164
    Post-acquisition settlement payments, net of receipts                                                     (286)              (336)
    Purchases of investments and other assets (note 6)                                                        (580)                (8)
    Proceeds from sales of other investments and other assets                                                   50                  7
    Decrease (increase) in restricted cash                                                                       1                (14)
    Interest, dividends and other proceeds received                                                             56                 33
    Property and equipment purchased                                                                           (68)               (67)
    Net cash flows from (used in) investing activities                                                      (1,881)            (1,567)

Effect of foreign currency on
     cash and cash equivalents                                                                                102                 (48)

Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                            1,109                696

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                                                $             1,980     $        1,284

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                                      $             3,089     $        1,980


See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                         6
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

Notes to the consolidated financial statements


 1.    Reporting entity                                   16.   Deferred tax assets and liabilities
 2.    Basis of presentation                              17.   Capital and other components of equity
 3.    Material accounting policies                       18.   Finance and other expense (income) and finance costs
 4.    Business acquisitions                              19.   Earnings per share
 5.    Inventories                                        20.   Capital risk management
       Investments accounted for using the equity
 6.                                                       21.   Financial risk management and financial instruments
       method
 7.    Other assets and liabilities                       22.   Revenue
 8.    Property and equipment                             23.   Operating segments
 9.    Right of use assets                                24.   Contingencies
 10.   Intangible assets and goodwill                     25.   Guarantees
       Debt with recourse to CSI and Liability of CSI
 11.                                                      26.   Changes in non-cash operating working capital
       under the IRGA
 12.   Debt without recourse to CSI                       27.   Related parties
 13.   Provisions                                         28.   Non-controlling interests
 14.   Lease obligations                                  29.   Subsequent events
 15.   Income taxes




                                                         7
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

1. Reporting entity

Constellation Software Inc. is a company domiciled in Canada. The address of Constellation Software Inc.'s
registered office is 66 Wellington Street West, Suite 5300, Toronto, Ontario, Canada. The consolidated financial
statements of Constellation Software Inc. as at and for the year ended December 31, 2025 comprise Constellation
Software Inc. and its subsidiaries (together referred to as “Constellation”, “CSI”, or the "Company") and the
Company's interest in associates. The Company is engaged principally in the development, installation and
customization of software as well as in the provisioning of related professional services and support for customers
globally across over 100 diverse markets.

2. Basis of presentation

(a) Statement of compliance

These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards
(“IFRS”) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, issued and outstanding as of March 9, 2026,
the date the Board of Directors approved such financial statements.

(b) Basis of measurement

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for certain assets and
liabilities initially recognized in connection with business combinations, and certain financial instruments and
derivative financial instruments, which are measured at fair value.

(c) Functional and presentation currency

The consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, which is Constellation Software Inc.’s functional
currency.

(d) Use of estimates and judgements

The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires management to make
judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and reported amounts of
assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Estimates are based on historical
experience and other assumptions that are considered reasonable in the circumstances. The actual amount or
values may vary in certain instances from the assumptions and estimates made. Changes will be recorded, with
corresponding effect in profit or loss, when, and if, better information is obtained.

Information about assumptions and estimation uncertainties that have a risk of resulting in a material adjustment
within the next financial year are included in the following notes:

Note 3(k) - Revenue recognition
Note 3(a)(i) - Business combinations
Note 3(m) - Income taxes
Note 3(d) - Intangible assets
Note 24 - Contingencies
                                                          8
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

Critical judgements that the Company has made in the process of applying accounting policies disclosed herein
and that have a significant effect on the amounts recognized in the consolidated financial statements relate to the
(i) determination of functional currencies for Constellation’s subsidiaries and, most notably, in respect of businesses
acquired during the period; (ii) allocating the purchase price to the fair value of acquired net assets (iii) assessment
as to whether professional services in multiple-performance obligation arrangements are distinct of other
performance obligations and determination of the estimated hours to complete customer contracts accounted for
using the percentage of completion method; (iv) recognition of deferred tax assets; and (v) recognition of contingent
consideration liabilities.

•       Functional currency – the Company applies judgement in situations where primary and secondary
        indicators are mixed. Primary indicators such as the currency that mainly influence sales prices are given
        priority before considering secondary indicators.

•       Business Combinations - Estimates and judgments are used when allocating the purchase price to the fair
        value of acquired net assets (specifically to the acquired technology assets and customer assets) in
        business combinations. The Company estimates the fair value of technology and customer assets acquired
        in a business combination based on the income approach. The income approach is a valuation technique
        that calculates the fair value of an intangible asset based on the present value of future net cash flows that
        the asset can be expected to generate over its remaining useful life. For significant business combinations,
        significant estimates and judgments include forecasted cashflows and the discount rates used to estimate
        the fair value of the acquired intangible assets. Changes in these estimates and judgments could result in
        significant changes to the valuation of the intangible assets. Other estimates include forecasted annual
        customer attrition rate, royalty rates, and migration rate.

•       Revenue Recognition - The Company uses significant judgment to assess whether professional services
        sold in a customer contract are considered distinct and should be accounted for as separate performance
        obligations. Non-distinct professional services are combined with other goods or services to form a single
        performance obligation. The Company also applies significant judgment to determine the estimated hours
        to completion which affects the timing of revenue recognized for professional services and non-distinct
        license and hardware. Estimated hours to completion are continually and routinely revised based on
        changes in the progress of customer contracts.

•       Deferred tax assets - the recognition of deferred tax assets is based on forecasts of future taxable profit.
        The measurement of future taxable profit for the purposes of determining whether or not to recognize
        deferred tax assets depends on many factors, including the Company's ability to generate such profits and
        the implementation of effective tax planning strategies. The occurrence or non-occurrence of such events
        in the future may lead to significant changes in the measurement of deferred tax assets.

•       Contingent consideration liablities - contingent consideration liabilities are initially recorded on the date of
        a business combination and are payable on the achievement of certain financial targets in the post-
        acquisition periods. The obligation for contingent consideration is recorded at its estimated fair value at the
        various acquisition dates and is recorded at fair value at the end of each reporting period. The estimated
        fair value of the applicable contingent consideration is calculated using the estimated financial outcome and
        resulting expected contingent consideration to be paid and inclusion of a discount rate as appropriate.

3. Material accounting policies

The accounting policies set out below have been applied consistently to all periods presented in these consolidated
financial statements unless otherwise indicated.

                                                           9
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

The significant accounting policies have been applied consistently by the Company‘s subsidiaries.

(a) Basis of consolidation

(i) Business combinations

Acquisitions have been accounted for using the acquisition method required by IFRS 3 Business Combinations.
Goodwill arising on acquisitions is measured as the fair value of the consideration transferred including the
recognized amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree, if any, less the net recognized amount of the
estimated fair value of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed (subject to certain exemptions to fair
value measurement principles such as deferred tax assets or liabilities), all measured as of the acquisition date.
When the consideration transferred is less than the estimated fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed,
a bargain purchase gain is recognized immediately in the consolidated statements of income (loss). Transaction
costs that the Company incurs in connection with a business combination are expensed as incurred.

The Company uses its best estimates and assumptions to reasonably value assets and liabilities assumed at the
acquisition date as well as contingent consideration, where applicable, and these estimates are inherently uncertain
and subject to refinement. As a result, during the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the
acquisition date, the Company may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with a
corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the values
of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to profit
or loss. For a given acquisition, the Company may identify certain pre-acquisition contingencies as of the acquisition
date and may extend its review and evaluation of these pre-acquisition contingencies throughout the measurement
period in order to obtain sufficient information to assess these contingencies as part of acquisition accounting, as
applicable.

(ii) Consolidation methods

Entities over which the Company has control are consolidated from the date that control commences until the date
that control ceases. Entities over which the Company has significant influence (investments in "associates") are
accounted for under the equity method. Significant influence is assumed when the Company's interests are 20%
or more, unless qualitative factors overcome this assumption. The Company has elected to use “lag reporting” in
relation to its investment in Asseco Poland S.A. (“Asseco”). The Company will record its share of profit or loss and
other comprehensive income on a “three-month lag” because the concurrent financial information is impracticable
to obtain from Asseco.

Associates are those entities in which the Company has significant influence, but not control, over the financial and
operating policies. Investments in associates are recognized initially at cost, inclusive of transaction costs. The
Company's investment includes goodwill identified on acquisition, net of any accumulated impairment losses. The
consolidated financial statements include the Company's share of the income and expenses and equity changes of
equity accounted investees, from the date that significant influence commences until the date that significant
influence ceases.

(iii) Transactions eliminated on consolidation

Intra-company balances and transactions, and any unrealized income and expenses arising from intra-company
transactions, are eliminated in preparing the consolidated financial statements.



                                                         10
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

(b) Foreign currency translation

(i) Foreign currency transactions

Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the respective functional currencies of subsidiaries of the
Company at exchange rates at the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
currencies at the reporting date are re-measured to the functional currency at the exchange rate at that date. Foreign
currency differences arising on re-measurement are recognized through profit or loss, except for differences arising
on the retranslation of available-for-sale equity instruments, which are recognized in other comprehensive income
(loss). Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using
the exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Foreign currency gains and losses are reported in profit and loss
on a net basis. The effect of currency translation adjustments on cash and cash equivalents is presented separately
in the statements of cash flows and separated from operating, investing and financing activities when deemed
significant.

(ii) Foreign operations

The assets and liabilities of foreign operations, including goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on acquisition,
are translated to U.S. dollars at exchange rates at the reporting date. The income and expenses of foreign
operations are translated to U.S. dollars using average exchange rates for the month during which the transactions
occurred. Foreign currency differences are recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) in the cumulative
translation account; however, if the operation is a non-wholly owned subsidiary, then the relevant proportionate
share of the translation difference is allocated to the non-controlling interest when applicable.

Foreign exchange gains or losses arising from a monetary item receivable from or payable to a foreign operation,
the settlement of which is neither planned nor likely to occur in the foreseeable future and which its substance is
considered to form part of the net investment in the foreign operation, are recognized in other comprehensive
income (loss) in the cumulative amount of foreign currency translation differences. If, and when, settlement plans
change or deemed likely to occur, then the accounting process in (b)(i) above is applied. When a foreign operation
payable or receivable classified as a net investment is partially or fully disposed, the proportionate share of the
cumulative amount in the translation reserve related to that foreign operation is transferred to profit or loss as part
of the profit or loss on disposal. The Company has elected not to treat repayments of monetary items receivable
or payable to a foreign operation as a disposition.

(c) Financial Instruments

The Company's financial instruments primarily comprise cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, equity
securities held for trading, derivatives, Debt with recourse to CSI, Debt without recourse to CSI, accounts payable
and accrued liabilities, dividends payable, and holdback assets or liabilities on acquisitions.

Financial assets are recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position if we have a contractual right to
receive cash or other financial assets from another entity. Financial assets, including accounts receivable, are
derecognized when the rights to receive cash flows from the investments have expired or were transferred to
another party and the Company has transferred substantially all risks and rewards of ownership. Equity securities
held for trading are recorded at fair value.

Financial liabilities include the Liability of CSI under the IRGA, Debt with recourse to CSI, Debt without recourse to
CSI, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, dividends payable, and holdbacks on acquisitions. Financial liabilities
are generally recognized initially at fair value, typically being transaction price, plus any directly attributable
                                                          11
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

transaction costs and subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method. The Company
derecognizes a financial liability when its contractual obligations are discharged, cancelled, or expired.

Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount presented in the statement of financial position when,
and only when, the Company has a legal right to offset the amounts and intends either to settle on a net basis or to
realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

Common shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of common shares are
recognized as a deduction from equity, net of tax.

The Company’s derivatives are carried at fair value and are reported as assets when they have a positive fair value
and as liabilities when they have a negative fair value.

Changes in the fair values of derivative financial instruments are reported in the consolidated statements of income
(loss), except for cash flow hedges that meet the conditions for hedge accounting. The portion of the gain or loss
on the hedging instruments that are determined to be an effective hedge is recognized directly in other
comprehensive income (loss), and the ineffective portion in the consolidated statements of income (loss). The gains
or losses deferred in other comprehensive income (loss) in this way are subsequently recognized in the
consolidated statements of income (loss) in the same period in which the hedged underlying transaction or firm
commitment is recognized in the statement of income (loss). In order to qualify for hedge accounting, the Company
is required to document in advance the relationship between the item being hedged and the hedging instrument.
The Company is also required to document and demonstrate an assessment of the relationship between the hedged
item and the hedging instrument, which shows that the hedge will be highly effective on an ongoing basis. This
effectiveness testing is re-performed at the end of each reporting period to ensure that the hedge remains highly
effective.

(d) Intangible assets

(i) Goodwill

Goodwill that arises upon the acquisition of subsidiaries is included in intangible assets. After initial recognition,
goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses, with the carrying value being reviewed for
impairment at least annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value
may be impaired. In respect of equity accounted investees, the carrying amount of goodwill is included in the
carrying amount of the investment.

The impairment test methodology is based on a comparison between the higher of fair value less costs to sell and
value-in-use of each of the Company's cash generating units (“CGU”) and the net asset carrying values (including
goodwill). Within the Company's reporting structure, business units generally reflect the CGU and are one level
below the six operating segments (Volaris, Harris, Topicus, Jonas, Perseus, and Vela Operating Groups). In
determining the recoverable amount, the Company applies an estimated market valuation multiple to the business
unit's most recent annual recurring revenues, which are generally derived from post-contract customer support
revenues, transactional revenues, and hosted products revenues. Valuation multiples applied by the Company for
this purpose reflect current market conditions specific to the business unit and are assessed for reasonability by
comparison to the Company's current and past acquisition experience involving ranges of revenue-based multiples
required to acquire representative software companies and the Company’s overall revenue based-trading multiple.
In addition, in certain instances, the recoverable amount is determined using a value-in-use approach which follows
the same valuation process that is undertaken for the Company’s business acquisitions. An impairment is
recognized if the carrying amount of a CGU exceeds its estimated recoverable amount. The recoverable amount

                                                         12
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

of goodwill is estimated annually on December 31 of each year or whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying value may be impaired.

(ii) Acquired intangible assets

The Company uses the income approach to value acquired technology and customer intangible assets. The income
approach is a valuation technique that calculates the estimated fair value of an intangible asset based on the
estimated future cash flows that the asset can be expected to generate over its remaining useful life.

The Company utilizes the discounted cash flow ("DCF") methodology which is a form of the income approach that
begins with forecasted annual net cash flows that a market participant would expect the subject intangible asset to
generate over a discrete projection period. The forecasted annual net cash flows for each of the years in the
discrete projection period are then converted to their present value equivalent using a discount rate of return
appropriate for the risk of achieving the intangible assets' projected cash flows, again, from a market participant
perspective. The present value of the forecasted net annual cash flows are then added to the present value of the
residual value of the intangible asset (if any) at the end of the discrete projection period to arrive at a conclusion
with respect to the estimated fair value of the subject intangible assets.

Specifically, the Company relies on the relief-from-royalty method to value the acquired technology and the multiple-
period excess earnings ("MEEM") method to value customer assets.

The underlying premise of the relief-from-royalty method is that the fair value of the technology is equal to the cost
savings (or the "royalty avoided") resulting from the ownership of the asset by the avoidance of paying royalties to
license the use of the technology from another owner. Accordingly the forecasted net annual cash flows reflects
an estimate of a fair royalty rate that a licensee would pay, on a percentage of revenue basis, to obtain a license to
utilize the technology.

The MEEM method isolates the cash flows attributable to the subject asset by utilizing forecasted net annual cash
flows less the returns attributable to other enabling assets, both tangible and intangible.

Other intangible assets that are acquired by the Company and have finite useful lives are measured at cost, being
reflective of fair value, less accumulated amortization and impairment losses. Subsequent expenditures are
capitalized only when it increases the future economic benefits that form part of the specific asset to which it relates
and other criteria have been met. Otherwise all other expenditures are recognized in profit or loss as incurred.

Amortization is recognized in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of intangible
assets, other than goodwill, from the date that they are acquired and available for use, since this most closely
reflects the expected usage and pattern of consumption of the future economic benefits embodied in the asset. To
determine the useful life of the intangible assets, the Company considers the length of time over which it expects
to earn or recover the majority of the present value of the forecasted net annual cash flows of the related intangible
assets. The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative periods are as follows:

Technology assets                                                            2 to 12 years
Customer assets                                                              5 to 20 years
Trademarks                                                                   20 years

Amortization methods, useful lives and the residual values are reviewed at least annually (or when there has been
an indication of impairment) and are adjusted as appropriate.

                                                          13
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

(iii) Research and development

Expenditure on research activities, undertaken with the prospect of gaining new scientific or technical knowledge
and understanding, is recognized in profit or loss as an expense as incurred.

Expenditure on development activities, whereby research findings are applied to a plan or design for the production
of new or substantially improved products and processes, is capitalized only if the product or process is technically
and commercially feasible, if development costs can be measured reliably, if future economic benefits are probable,
if the Company intends to use or sell the asset and the Company intends and has sufficient resources to complete
development. To date, no material development expenditures have been capitalized.

For the year ended December 31, 2025, $1,668 (2024 ‒ $1,489) of research and development costs have been
expensed in profit or loss. These costs are net of estimated investment tax credits, recognized as part of other,
net expenses through profit or loss of $56 for the year ended December 31, 2025 (2024 ‒ $63).

(e) Property and equipment

(i) Recognition and measurement

Property and equipment are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses.
Cost includes initial and subsequent expenditures that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the related asset.
When component parts of an item of property and equipment have different useful lives, they are accounted for as
separate items (major components) of property and equipment, where applicable.

(ii) Depreciation

Depreciation is recognized in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of each part of an
item of property and equipment.

The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative periods are as follows:

Asset                                      Rate
Computer hardware                          3-5 years
Computer software                          1 year
Furniture and equipment                    3 – 7 years
Leasehold improvements                     Shorter of the estimated useful life and the term of the lease
Building                                   50 years

Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at each financial year end or more frequently
as deemed relevant, and adjusted where appropriate.

(f) Inventories

Inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. The cost of inventories is based on the first-
in first-out principle, and includes expenditures incurred in acquiring the inventories, production and other costs
incurred in bringing them to their existing location and condition. In the case of manufactured inventories and work
in progress, cost includes an appropriate share of production overheads based on normal operating capacity. Net


                                                           14
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the estimated costs of
completion and selling expenses.

(g) Unbilled revenue

Unbilled revenue represents the gross unbilled amount expected to be collected from customers for contract work
performed to date. It is measured at cost plus profit recognized to date less progress billings and recognized losses,
if any.

Unbilled revenue is presented in the statement of financial position for all contracts in which costs incurred plus
recognized profits exceed progress billings. If progress billings exceed costs incurred plus recognized profits, then
the excess is presented as deferred revenue in the statement of financial position.

(h) Other non-current liabilities

Other non-current liabilities consists principally of certain acquired contract liabilities, deferred revenue, provisions
and contingent consideration recognized in connection with business acquisitions to be settled in cash, which are
discounted for measurement purposes.

(i) Impairment

(i) Financial assets (including receivables)

A financial asset not carried at fair value through profit or loss is assessed at each reporting date to determine
whether there is objective evidence that it is impaired. A financial asset is impaired if objective evidence indicates
that a loss event has occurred after the initial recognition of the asset, and that the loss event had a negative effect
on the estimated future cash flows of that asset that can be estimated reliably.

Objective evidence that financial assets are impaired can include default or delinquency by a debtor, restructuring
of an amount due to the Company on terms that the Company would not consider otherwise, or indications that a
debtor or issuer will enter bankruptcy.

The Company considers evidence of impairment for receivables at both a specific and collective level. All
individually significant receivables are assessed for specific impairment. All individually significant receivables found
not to be specifically impaired, together with receivables that are not individually significant are collectively assessed
for impairment by grouping together receivables with similar risk characteristics.

An impairment loss in respect of a financial asset measured at amortized cost is calculated as the difference
between its carrying amount and the present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the asset's
original effective interest rate. Losses are recognized in profit or loss and reflected in an allowance account against
receivables. When a subsequent event causes the amount of impairment loss to decrease, the decrease in
impairment loss is reversed through profit or loss.

(ii) Non-financial assets

The carrying amounts of the Company’s non-financial assets, other than inventories (which is addressed in note
3(f)) and deferred tax assets (which is addressed in note 3(m)), are reviewed at each reporting date (or more
frequently if required) to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, then
                                                           15
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. For goodwill, the recoverable amount is estimated annually on
December 31 of each fiscal year or whenever required.

The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is the greater of its value in use and its fair value less costs to sell. In
assessing the value in use, the Company uses discounted cash flows which are determined using a pre-tax discount
rate specific to the asset or CGU. The discount rate used reflects current market conditions including risks specific
to the assets. Estimates within the cash flows include recurring revenue growth rates and operating expenses. For
the purpose of impairment testing, assets that cannot be tested individually are grouped together into the smallest
group of assets that generates cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of
other assets or groups of assets, which for the Company’s purposes is typically representative of the business unit
level within the corporate and management structure. For the purposes of goodwill impairment testing, goodwill
acquired in a business combination is allocated to the CGU, or the group of CGUs, that is expected to benefit from
the synergies of the combination.

An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of an asset or its CGU exceeds its estimated recoverable
amount. Impairment losses are recognized in profit or loss. Impairment losses recognized in respect of CGUs are
allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the CGU, and then to reduce the carrying
amounts of the other assets (such as intangible assets and property and equipment) in the CGU on a pro rata basis.

Goodwill that forms part of the carrying amount of an investment in an associate is not recognized separately and,
therefore, is not tested for impairment separately. Instead, the entire amount of the investment in an associate is
tested for impairment as a single asset when there is objective evidence that the investment in an associate may
be impaired.

An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed. In respect of other non-financial assets, impairment
losses recognized in prior periods are assessed at each reporting date for any indications that the loss has
decreased or no longer exists. An impairment loss is reversed if there has been a change in the estimates used to
determine the recoverable amount. An impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that the asset's carrying
amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortization,
if no impairment loss had been previously recognized.

(j) Provisions

A provision is recognized if, as a result of a past event, the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation
that can be estimated reliably, and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the
obligation. Provisions are measured at the estimated future cash flows required to settle the present obligation,
based on the most reliable evidence available at the reporting date. The estimated cash flows are discounted at a
pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability.
The amortization of the discount is recognized as part of finance costs.

(k) Revenue recognition

Revenue represents the amount the Company expects to receive for products and services in its contracts with
customers, net of discounts and sales taxes. The Company reports revenue under four revenue categories being,
License, Hardware and other, Professional services, and Maintenance and other recurring revenue. Software
license revenue is comprised of non-recurring license fees charged for the use of software products licensed under
multiple-year or perpetual arrangements. Professional service revenue consists of fees charged for implementation
services, custom programming, product training, certain managed services, and consulting. Hardware and other
revenue includes the resale of third party hardware as part of customized solutions, as well as sales of hardware

                                                           16
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

assembled internally and the reimbursement of travel costs. Maintenance and other recurring revenue primarily
consists of fees charged for customer support on software products post-delivery and also includes recurring fees
derived from combined software/support contracts, transaction revenues, managed services associated with CSI
software that has been sold to the customer, and hosted software-as-a-service products.

Contracts with multiple products or services

Typically, the Company enters into contracts that contain multiple products and services such as software licenses,
hosted software-as-a-service, maintenance, professional services, and hardware. The Company evaluates these
arrangements to determine the appropriate unit of accounting (performance obligation) for revenue recognition
purposes based on whether the product or service is distinct from some or all of the other products or services in
the arrangement. A product or service is distinct if the customer can benefit from it on its own or together with
other readily available resources and Constellation’s promise to transfer the good or service is separately
identifiable from other promises in the contractual arrangement with the customer. Non-distinct products and
services are combined with other goods or services until they are distinct as a bundle and therefore form a single
performance obligation.

Where a contract consists of more than one performance obligation, revenue is allocated to each based on their
estimated standalone selling price.

Nature of products and services

The Company sells on-premise software licenses on both a perpetual and specified-term basis. Revenue from the
license of distinct software is recognized at the time that both the right-to-use the software has commenced and the
software has been made available to the customer. Certain of the Company’s contracts with customers contain
provisions that require the customer to renew optional support and maintenance in order to maintain the active right
to use a perpetual or term license. The renewal payments after the initial bundled support and maintenance term
in these cases apply to both the continued right-to-use the license and the support and maintenance renewal.
Where the fees payable for the initial term are incremental to the fees for the renewal terms, the excess is treated
as a prepayment for expected renewals and allocated (amortized) evenly over the expected customer renewals, up
to the estimated life of the software that is typically 4-6 years.

Revenue from the license of software that involves complex implementation or customization that is not distinct,
and/or includes sales of hardware that is not distinct, is recognized as a combined performance obligation using the
percentage-of-completion method based primarily on labour hours. The percentage-of-completion method based
on labour hours requires the Company to make significant judgments to determine the estimated hours to
completion which affects the timing of revenue recognized.

A portion of the Company's sales, categorized as hardware and other revenue, are accounted for as product
revenue. Product revenue is recognized when control of the product has transferred under the terms of an
enforceable contract.

Revenue related to the customer reimbursement of travel related expenses incurred during a project implementation
where the Company is the principal in the arrangement is included in the hardware and other revenue category.
Revenue is recognized as costs are incurred which is consistent with the period in which the costs are invoiced.
Reimbursable travel expenses incurred for which an invoice has not been issued, are recorded as part of unbilled
revenue on the statement of financial position.

Maintenance and other recurring revenue primarily consists of fees charged for customer support on software
products post-delivery and also includes, to a lesser extent, recurring fees derived from software licenses that are

                                                        17
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

both distinct and not distinct from maintenance, transaction revenues, managed services associated with CSI
software, and hosted products.

Revenue from software-as-a-service (SaaS) arrangements, which allows customers to use hosted software over a
term without taking possession of the software, are provided on a subscription basis. Revenue from the SaaS
subscription, which includes the hosted software and maintenance is recognized rateably over the term of the
subscription. Significant incremental payments for SaaS in an initial term are recognized rateably over the expected
renewal periods, up to the estimated life of the software.

Professional services revenue including installation, implementation, training and customization of software is
recognized by the stage of completion of the performance obligation determined using the percentage of completion
method noted above or as such services are performed as appropriate in the circumstances. Professional services
revenue also includes managed services not associated with CSI software. The revenue and profit of fixed price
contracts is recognized on a percentage of completion basis when the outcome of a contract can be estimated
reliably. When the outcome of the contract cannot be estimated reliably but the Company expects to recover its
costs, the amount of expected costs is treated as variable consideration and the transaction price is updated as
more information becomes known.

The timing of revenue recognition often differs from contract payment schedules, resulting in revenue that has been
earned but not billed. These amounts are included in unbilled revenue. Amounts billed in accordance with customer
contracts, but not yet earned, are recorded and presented as part of deferred revenue.

Costs to Obtain a Contract

The Company allocates incremental costs to obtain a contract (which principally consists of commissions) to the
various performance obligations to which they relate using the expected-based allocation (relative expected
margins) for bundled costs. For those performance obligations that are expected to be renewed at the end of the
initial period without a further commission (such as post-contract customer support), the Company has considered
expected renewals over the life of the intellectual property when determining the expected margins from the
arrangement. For performance obligations not delivered upfront, the allocated commissions are deferred and
amortized over the pattern of transfer of the related performance obligation. For commissions allocated to term-
based license arrangements and post-contract customer support, the amortization period is expected to be
approximately 4-6 years. Capitalized costs to obtain a contract are included in other non-current assets on the
consolidated balance sheet.

(l) Finance income and finance costs

Finance income comprises interest income, gains/losses on the disposal of available-for-sale financial assets, and
changes in the fair value of financial assets carried at fair value through profit or loss. Interest income is recognized
as it accrues through profit or loss, using the effective interest method.

Finance costs comprise interest expense on borrowings, interest expense associated with lease obligations,
amortization of the discount on provisions, and impairment losses recognized on financial assets other than trade
receivables. Transaction costs attributable to the Company’s bank indebtedness are recognized in finance costs
using the effective interest method.




                                                           18
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

(m) Income taxes

Income tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. Current tax and deferred tax are recognized in profit or
loss except to the extent that it relates to a business combination, or items recognized directly in equity or in other
comprehensive income (loss).

Current tax is the expected taxes payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the period, using tax rates
enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment to taxes payable in respect of previous
years.

Deferred tax is recognized in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. Deferred tax is not recognized for
temporary differences relating to investments in subsidiaries to the extent that it is probable that they will not reverse
in the foreseeable future. In addition, deferred tax is not recognized for taxable temporary differences arising on the
initial recognition of goodwill.

Deferred tax is measured at tax rates that are expected to be applied to temporary differences when they reverse,
based on the laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the reporting date. Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are offset if there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax liabilities and assets, and they relate to
income taxes levied by the same tax authority on the same taxable entity, or on different tax entities, but we intend
to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis or their tax assets and liabilities will be realized
simultaneously.

A deferred tax asset is recognized for unused tax losses, tax credits, difference in tax bases in the purchaser's tax
jurisdiction and its cost as reported in the consolidated financial statements as a result of an intra-group transfer of
assets and deductible temporary differences, to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be
available against which they can be utilized. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date and are
reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realized.

(n) Investment tax credits

The Company is entitled to both non-refundable and refundable investment tax credits for qualifying research and
development activities. Investment tax credits are included within “Other, net” for items of a period expense nature
or as a reduction of property and equipment for items of a capital nature when the amount is reliably estimable and
the Company has reasonable assurance regarding compliance with the relevant objective conditions and that the
credit will be realized.

(o) Segment reporting

An operating segment is a component of the Company that engages in business activities from which it may earn
revenues and incur expenses, including revenues and expenses that relate to transactions with any of the
Company’s other components. The operating results of all operating segments are reviewed regularly by the
Company’s President to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assessing their
performance.

The Company consists of six operating segments being, Volaris, Harris, Topicus, Vela, Jonas and Perseus. Each
of the Company’s operating segments operate essentially as mini Constellations, conglomerates of small vertical
market software companies with similar economic characteristics. Each operating segment CEO is focused on
investing capital that generates returns at or above the investment hurdle rates set by CSI’s head office (primarily
                                                              19
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

the President) and the Board of Directors, irrespective of whether the acquired business operates primarily in the
public or private sector. The Company aggregates the six operating segments into one reportable segment,
consistent with the objective and basic principles of IFRS 8.

(p) Earnings per share

The Company presents basic and diluted earnings per share data for its ordinary shares, being common shares.
Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit or loss attributable to ordinary shareholders of the
Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period, adjusted for treasury
shares held. Diluted earnings per share is determined by dividing the profit or loss attributable to shareholders of
ordinary shares by the weighted average number of shares outstanding, adjusted for the effects of all dilutive
potential ordinary shares.

(q) Short-term employee benefits

Short-term employee benefit obligations, including wages, benefits, incentive compensation, and compensated
absences are measured on an undiscounted basis and are expensed as the related service is provided. A liability
is recognized for the amount expected to be paid and settled under the Company's employee incentive
compensation plan if the Company has legal or constructive obligation to pay this amount at the time bonuses are
paid as a result of past service provided by the employee, and the obligation can be estimated reliably.

(r) Leases

At inception of a contract, the Company assesses whether a contract is, or contains, a lease based on whether the
contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.
The Company recognizes a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The right-of-
use asset is initially measured based on the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments
made at or before the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to
dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located, less
any lease incentives received. The assets are depreciated to the earlier of the end of the useful life of the right-of-
use asset or the lease term using the straight-line method as this most closely reflects the expected pattern of
consumption of the future economic benefits. The lease term includes periods covered by an option to extend if the
Company is reasonably certain to exercise that option. In addition, the right-of-use asset can be periodically reduced
by impairment losses, if any, and adjusted for certain remeasurements of the lease liability. The lease liability is
initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement date,
discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, the Company’s
incremental borrowing rate. Generally, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate.

The lease liability is measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method. It is remeasured when there
is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, if there is a change in the Company’s
estimate of the amount expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee, or if the Company changes its
assessment of whether it will exercise a purchase, extension or termination option. When the lease liability is
remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset, or is
recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been reduced to zero. The Company
has elected to apply the practical expedient not to recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short-term
leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less and leases of low value assets. The lease payments associated
with these leases is recognized as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.



                                                          20
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

Recent accounting pronouncements not yet adopted:

The IASB has issued IFRS 18, Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements (replacing IAS 1, Presentation
of Financial Statements), with an aim to improve how information is communicated in the financial statements, with
a focus on information in the statement of income that will become effective on January 1, 2027. The Company is
assessing the impacts IFRS 18 will have on the consolidated financial statements.

4. Business acquisitions

(a) On June 2, 2025, the Company completed the acquisition of 100% of the shares of Cipal Schaubroeck NV
(“CS”). The Company paid cash of $228 plus issued an estimated cash holdback payable of $23 and contingent
consideration with an estimated acquisition date fair value of $7. The total consideration resulting from acquisition
of CS is $258.

CS is a Belgium-based vertical market software provider active in the local government vertical. The acquisition
has been accounted for using the acquisition method with the results of operations included in the consolidated
financial statements for year ended December 31, 2025 from the date of the acquisition.

The goodwill recognized in connection with this acquisition is primarily attributable to the application of the
Company’s best practices to improve the operations of the company acquired, synergies with existing businesses
of the Company, and other intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition including assembled
workforce. The goodwill is not expected to be deductible for income tax purposes.

The gross contractual amounts of acquired receivables was $31; however, the Company has recorded an allowance
of $0 as part of the acquisition accounting to reflect contractual cash flows that are not expected to be collected.

Due to the complexity and timing of this acquisition, the Company is in the process of determining and finalizing the
estimated fair value of the net assets acquired. The amounts determined on a provisional basis generally relate to
net asset assessments and measurement of the assumed liabilities. The provisional purchase price allocations
may differ from the final purchase price allocations, and these differences may be material. Revisions to the
allocations will occur as additional information about the fair value of assets and liabilities becomes available.




                                                         21
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

The impact of acquisition accounting applied on a provisional basis in connection with the acquisition of CS is as
follows:



Assets acquired:
Cash                                                                      $        20
Accounts receivable                                                                31
Other current assets                                                               13
Property and equipment                                                              2
Right of use assets                                                                15
Investments accounted for using the equity method                                  27
Other non-current assets                                                           13
Deferred income taxes                                                               2
Technology assets                                                                  74
Customer assets                                                                   129
                                                                                  327

Liabilities assumed:
Current liabilities                                                                34
Deferred revenue                                                                   20
Deferred income taxes                                                              51
Long-term lease obligations                                                        10
Other non-current liabilities                                                       1
                                                                                  116


Goodwill                                                                           47


 Total consideration                                                      $      258

The acquisition of CS contributed revenue of $73 and a net loss of $6 for the year ended December 31, 2025. If
this acquisition had occurred on January 1, 2025, the Company estimates that pro-forma consolidated revenue and
pro-forma consolidated net income would have been $11,672 and $584 compared to the actual amounts reported
in the consolidated statement of income (loss) for year ended December 31, 2025.

(b) During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company completed a number of additional acquisitions for
aggregate cash consideration of $1,000 plus cash holdbacks of $253 and contingent consideration with an
estimated acquisition date fair value of $68. The total consideration resulting from the additional acquisitions in the
year ended December 31, 2025 was $1,321. The contingent consideration is payable on the achievement of certain
financial targets in the post-acquisition periods. The obligation for contingent consideration for acquisitions during
the year ended December 31, 2025 has been recorded at its estimated fair value at the various acquisition dates.
The estimated fair value of the applicable contingent consideration is calculated using the estimated financial
outcome and resulting expected contingent consideration to be paid and inclusion of a discount rate as appropriate.


                                                          22
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

For these arrangements, which include both maximum, or capped, and unlimited contingent consideration amounts,
the estimated increase to the initial consideration is not expected to exceed $110.

Aggregate contingent consideration of $215 (December 31, 2024 - $174) has been reported in the consolidated
statement of financial position at its estimated fair value relating to applicable acquisitions completed in the current
and prior periods. Changes made to the estimated fair value of contingent consideration are included in other, net
in the consolidated statements of income (loss). An expense of $35 has been recorded year ended December 31,
2025, as a result of such changes (an expense of $8 for the year ended December 31, 2024).

No additional acquisitions were deemed to be individually significant. The majority of the businesses acquired
during the period were acquisitions of shares and the remainder were asset acquisitions. The cash holdbacks are
generally payable over a two-year period and are adjusted, as necessary, for such items as working capital or net
tangible asset assessments, as defined in the agreements, and claims under the respective representations and
warranties of the purchase and sale agreements.

The additional acquisitions during the year ended December 31, 2025 include software companies catering to the
following markets: automotive, digital marketing, fashion, financial services, forestry, hospitality, human capital,
information technology, lighting design, maintenance management, manufacturing, software infrastructure, supply
chain management, technical service providers, travel, telecommunications, oil and gas, transport, enterprise and
resource planning, law enforcement, local government, fleet, utilities, asset management, production and
visualization, content management, craftsman, retail management and distribution, creative agencies, pharmacy,
sports, leisure, transit, education, real estate, publishing, disability, data collection, document management,
professional services, aviation, social media, agrifood, call centers, content management, insurance, mining, driver
education, construction, elevator, webcasting, manufacturing, accounting, schools, logistics, and healthcare all of
which are software businesses similar to existing businesses operated by the Company. The acquisitions have
been accounted for using the acquisition method with the results of operations included in these consolidated
financial statements from the date of each acquisition.

The goodwill recognized in connection with these additional acquisitions is primarily attributable to the application
of Constellation’s best practices to improve the operations of the companies acquired, synergies with existing
businesses of Constellation, and other intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition including
assembled workforce. Goodwill in the amount of $8 is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes.

The gross contractual amounts of acquired receivables was $144; however, the Company has recorded an
allowance of $15 as part of the acquisition accounting to reflect contractual cash flows that are not expected to be
collected.

Due to the complexity and timing of certain additional acquisitions made, the Company is in the process of
determining and finalizing the estimated fair value of the net assets acquired as part of the acquisitions closed
during 2025. The amounts determined on a provisional basis generally relate to net asset assessments and
measurement of the assumed liabilities, including acquired contract liabilities. The provisional purchase price
allocations may differ from the final purchase price allocations, and these differences may be material. Revisions
to the allocations will occur as additional information about the fair value of assets and liabilities becomes available.
The cash consideration associated with these provisional estimates (including individually significant acquisitions)
totals $1,227.




                                                           23
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

The aggregate impact of acquisition accounting applied in connection with the aggregate of business acquisitions
that are not individually significant in the period ended December 31, 2025 is as follows:



Assets acquired:
Cash                                                              $       152
Accounts receivable                                                       129
Other current assets                                                       92
Property and equipment                                                     27
Right of use assets                                                        41
Other non-current assets                                                    6
Deferred income taxes                                                      28
Technology assets                                                         711
Customer assets                                                           621
                                                                        1,807

Liabilities assumed:
Current liabilities                                                       206
Deferred revenue                                                          129
Deferred income taxes                                                     277
Long-term debt                                                              8
Long-term lease obligations                                                29
Other non-current liabilities                                              47
                                                                          696


Goodwill                                                                  219


Bargain purchase gain                                                      (8)


 Total consideration                                              $     1,321

(c) The 2025 additional business acquisitions did not have a material impact to either the consolidated revenue or
the consolidated net income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2025. The materiality threshold is reviewed
on a regular basis taking into account the quantitative (contribution to revenue and net income (loss)) and qualitative
(size and comparability with other Constellation businesses) factors of current period acquisitions on both an
individual and aggregate basis.




                                                          24
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

(d) The chart below outlines the significant measurement period adjustments and adjustments to estimated
holdback payables on prior year acquisitions which have been reflected on the consolidated statement of financial
position as of December 31, 2024.


                                             December 31, 2024

Current Assets:
 Accounts receivable                                             (1)
 Unbilled revenue                                                (1)
 Inventories                                                     (0)
 Acquisition holdback receivables                                 0
 Other assets                                                    (1)
                                                                 (3)

Non-current Assets:
 Property and equipment                                          (1)
 Right of use assets                                              1
 Deferred income taxes                                            3
 Equity securities                                           -
 Other assets                                                 (0)
 Intangible assets                                           (15)
                                                             (12)

Total assets                                                 (15)



Current liabilities:
 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                      2
 Deferred revenue                                             (2)
 Acquisition holdback payables                               (10)
 Lease obligations                                             0
 Income taxes payable                                         (1)
                                                             (11)




Non-current liabilities:
 Deferred income taxes                                           (3)
 Acquistion holdback payables                                    (0)
 Lease obligations                                                0
 Other liabilities                                               (1)
                                                                 (4)

Total liabilities                                            (15)




                                                        25
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

5. Inventories

                                             December 31,     December 31,
                                                    2025             2024


Raw materials                               $          15 $            13
Work in progress                                        6               5
Finished goods                                         47              38


Total                                       $          68 $            56

No inventories were carried at fair value less cost to sell, and the carrying amount of inventories subject to retention
of title clauses was $nil as at December 31, 2025 and 2024.

Raw materials (which consists primarily of hardware components) and changes in finished goods and work in
progress recognized as hardware expenses in the consolidated statements of income (loss) amounted to $201
(2024: $153). The write-downs of inventories to net realizable value amounted to $3 (2024: $1). The reversals of
write-downs amounted to $1 (2024: $1). Write-downs and reversals of write-downs are based on the Company’s
projected sales. The write-downs and reversals are included in hardware expenses.

6. Investments accounted for using the equity method


Investment in Asseco:

On January 31, 2025, the Company purchased 8,300,029 shares in Asseco Poland S.A. (“Asseco”) representing
approximately 9.99% of the issued shares in Asseco. The Asseco shares were acquired at a price of 85 PLN per
share for total consideration of $174. Asseco offers comprehensive, proprietary IT solutions for certain sectors of
the economy and is listed on the Polish Warsaw Stock Exchange (the “WSE”). The Company has made an
irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to present subsequent changes in fair value in other
comprehensive income (“FVOCI”). The Company designated the Asseco investment as equity securities at FVOCI
because the investment in Asseco represents an investment that the Company intends to hold for the long term.
At the time the Company purchased shares of Asseco, the trading price per Asseco share on the WSE was in
excess of the purchase price of 85 PLN per share. The Company recorded a gain of $35 in the statement of income
(loss) at the time of purchase. During year ended December 31, 2025, the Company recorded a gain of $211 based
on the Asseco share price as at September 25, 2025, the date at which the Company received the last outstanding
regulatory approval for the acquisition of the treasury shares and commenced the equity method of accounting,
within other comprehensive income (loss) reduced by transaction costs of $2. During the three months ended June
30, 2025, the Company received a dividend of $9 from Asseco. The dividend has been included in net income
(loss) and included in the line item “Finance and other (income) expenses”.

On February 4, 2025, the Company entered into a binding agreement in respect of the acquisition of 12,318,863
treasury shares of Asseco for 85 PLN/share. These shares represent 14.84% of Asseco’s issued share capital.
The contract to acquire the additional shares of Asseco was a derivative under IFRS Accounting Standards and
had been recorded at fair value. The significant assumption associated with the valuation of derivative is the
blockage discount which includes the unobservable inputs of the percentage of the block of shares that can be sold
relative to the daily trading volume of Asseco shares and the discount rate. The estimated fair value of the derivative
asset decreases as the blockage discount increases. The estimated fair value of the asset increases as the discount
                                                            26
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

decreases. The key observable input is the share price of Asseco. As the Asseco share price increases, the fair
value of the derivative increases. As the Asseco share price decreases, the fair value of the derivative decreases.
During the year ended December 31, 2025, income of $119 was recorded within Finance and other (income)
expenses. The acquisition of the 14.84% interest in Asseco’s share capital was completed on October 1, 2025,
increasing the Company’s total shareholding to 24.84% and the derivative is no longer presented on the balance
sheet as at December 31, 2025. The fair value of the derivative has been included as part of the carrying value of
the total investment in Asseco.

On September 25, 2025 and subsequent to this date, the Company applied the equity method of accounting to its
existing 9.99% investment in Asseco as a result of its ability to exercise significant influence over Asseco. The
Company elected to record the investment in Asseco at cost under the equity method of accounting which
comprised of the initial investment of $174 (EUR 168) and transaction fees of $2 (EUR 2) for a total cost of $176
(EUR 170). As a result, Topicus reversed previous fair value adjustments and recorded a loss in the consolidated
statement of income of $260 for the year ended December 31, 2025.

Under the equity method of accounting, the investment is initially recognized at cost and is subsequently adjusted
to reflect Topicus’ share of profit or loss and other comprehensive income of Asseco. The Company has elected
to use “lag reporting” in relation to its investment in Asseco. The Company will record its share of profit or loss and
other comprehensive income on a “three-month lag” because the concurrent financial information is impracticable
to obtain from Asseco. Due to the complexity and timing of the investment, the Company is in the process of
determining and finalizing the estimated fair value of the net assets acquired. The provisional purchase price
allocation may differ from the final purchase price allocation, and these differences may be material. Revisions to
the allocation will occur as additional information about the fair value of assets and liabilities becomes available.

The aggregate cost of the investment in Asseco is comprised of the following:
   • Cash paid to acquire initial 8,300,029 shares at 85 PLN/share – $174
   • Cash paid to acquire 12,318,863 shares at 85 PLN/share – $286
   • Fair value of derivative asset reclassified to investment in affiliate – $119
   • Transaction fees – $10

The initial cost of the investment in Asseco is $588.

On February 3, 2025, Topicus announced the signing of a shareholders’ agreement which was entered into with
the Adam Góral Family Foundation governing their cooperation as shareholders in Asseco. Under the terms of the
agreement, certain parties had the right to buy up to 1.7% (1,411,006 shares) of Asseco’s shares from the Company
at a purchase price of PLN 85. The contract was a derivative under IFRS Accounting Standards and had been
recorded at fair value. The key observable input is the share price of Asseco. As the Asseco share price increases,
the fair value of the derivative liability increases. As the Asseco share price decreases, the fair value of the
derivative liability decreases. During the year ended December 31, 2025, an expense of $43 was recorded. On
December 4, 2025, the agreement was exercised for 1.7% (1,411,006 shares) of Asseco and the Company received
total proceeds of $33 and the derivative is no longer presented on the balance sheet. As a result, Topicus’
shareholding decreased to 23.14% as at December 31, 2025. The Company recorded a dilution gain of $35 as a
result of this disposition and has been included in “Finance and other (income) expenses”.




                                                          27
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

The tables below provide summarised financial information for the investment in Asseco as at September 30, 2025,
due to the application of applying lag reporting. The information disclosed reflects the amounts presented in the
financial statements of Asseco and not the Company’s share of those amounts. The amounts have been amended
to reflect adjustments made by the Company when using the equity method, including fair value adjustments and
significant events during the lag reporting period.

Current assets                                                   3,569
Non-current assets                                               2,255
Current liabilities                                              1,693
Non-current liabilities                                          1,245


Net Assets                                                       2,886


Non-controlling interest                                        (1,765)


Net assets attributable to the shareholders of Asseco            1,121


Share of net assets attributable to CSI                           267


Goodwill                                                          308


Investment in Asseco                                              575

The fair value of the Company’s investment in Asseco based on the share price of Asseco at December 31, 2025
is $1,220.




                                                        28
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

7. Other assets and liabilities

(a) Other assets

                                                                    December 31, 2025    December 31, 2024
Prepaid expenses and other current assets                       $                376 $                318
Holdback receivable                                                                1                    6
Investment tax credits recoverable                                                53                   45
Sales tax receivable                                                              56                   62
Equity securities held for trading                                                52                   14
Income tax and other receivables                                                 188                  151
Total other current assets                                      $                727 $                596


Investment tax credits recoverable                              $                 19 $                 21
Costs to obtain a contract                                                       110                   91
Non-current trade and other receivables and other assets                         217                  204
Total other non-current assets                                  $                345 $                316


(b) Other liabilities

                                                                    December 31, 2025    December 31, 2024
Contingent consideration                                        $                122 $                 97
Deferred revenue                                                                 119                   89
Other non-current liabilities                                                    210                  111
Total other non-current liabilities                             $                451 $                298




                                                           29
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

8. Property and equipment



                                                                          Computer          Furniture and           Leasehold      Building and
                                                    Computer hardware     software           equipment            improvements         land         Total
Cost


Balance at January 1, 2024                          $             198 $              55 $                   63 $            63 $              8 $       387
Additions                                                          32                4                      24               6                0             67
Acquisitions through business combinations                         14                0                      79               4                0             97
Disposals / retirements                                            (9)               (4)                    (6)              (5)              (1)           (24)
Effect of movements in foreign exchange and other                  (8)               (2)                    (7)              2                (0)           (16)
Balance at December 31, 2024                        $             227 $              53 $               153 $               70 $              7 $       511


Balance at January 1, 2025                          $             227 $              53 $               153 $               70 $              7 $       511
Additions                                                          39                5                      19               4                (0)           68
Acquisitions through business combinations                         10                1                      13               2                5             30
Disposals / retirements                                           (21)               (5)                (12)                 (8)              (0)           (46)
Effect of movements in foreign exchange and other                  18                3                      8                4                1             34
Balance at December 31, 2025                        $             273 $              58 $               181 $               72 $             13 $       596


Depreciation and impairment losses


Balance at January 1, 2024                          $             121 $              46 $                   40 $            36 $              2 $       245
Depreciation charge for the year                                   40                6                      20               9                0             75
Disposals / retirements                                            (9)               (4)                    (5)              (5)              (0)           (23)
Effect of movements in foreign exchange and other                  (4)               (1)                    (3)              (0)              (0)            (9)
Balance at December 31, 2024                        $             148 $              46 $                   52 $            41 $              2 $       289


Balance at January 1, 2025                          $             148 $              46 $                   52 $            41 $              2 $       289
Depreciation charge for the year                                   43                5                      26               8                0             83
Disposals / retirements                                           (18)               (5)                    (9)              (7)              0             (39)
Effect of movements in foreign exchange and other                  10                3                      7                3                0             23
Balance at December 31, 2025                        $             182 $              49 $                   76 $            45 $              3 $       355


Carrying amounts:
At January 1, 2024                                  $              77 $              9 $                    23 $            27 $              6 $       142
At December 31, 2024                                $              80 $              7 $                101 $               30 $              5 $       222


At January 1, 2025                                  $              80 $              7 $                101 $               30 $              5 $       222
At December 31, 2025                                $              91 $              8 $                104 $               27 $             10 $       241




                                                                          30
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

9. Right of use assets

The following table presents the right-of-use assets for the Company:



                                                        Computer                        Furniture and
                                                        hardware         Vehicles        equipment        Building         Other         Total
Cost


Balance at January 1, 2024                          $              33 $         40 $                4 $          511 $             4 $       592
Additions                                                           3           21                  3                70            1         100
Acquisitions through business combinations                          3               4               5                56            0             68
Disposals / retirements                                            (3)         (10)                (2)           (58)              (1)           (74)
Effect of movements in foreign exchange and other                  (2)          (3)                (0)           (20)              (0)           (25)
Balance at December 31, 2024                        $              34 $         53 $               11 $          558 $             5 $       661


Balance at January 1, 2025                          $              34 $         53 $               11 $          558 $             5 $       661
Additions                                                          16           19                  1                81            3         119
Acquisitions through business combinations                         4            12                  0                39            0             56
Disposals / retirements                                            (3)         (11)                (1)           (71)              (2)           (88)
Effect of movements in foreign exchange and other                  5                6              (7)               30            1             35
Balance at December 31, 2025                        $              56 $         78 $                4 $          637 $             6 $       782


Depreciation and impairment losses


Balance at January 1, 2024                          $              15 $         21 $                3 $          239 $             3 $       280
Depreciation charge for the year                                   9            12                  1                96            1         119
Disposals / retirements                                            (4)          (9)                (1)           (42)              (1)           (56)
Effect of movements in foreign exchange and other                  (1)          (1)                (0)               (9)           (0)           (12)
Balance at December 31, 2024                                       20           23                  3            283               3         332


Balance at January 1, 2025                                         20           23                  3            283               3         332
Depreciation charge for the year                                   14           17                  1            100               1         133
Disposals / retirements                                            (3)          (9)                (0)           (62)              (2)           (75)
Effect of movements in foreign exchange and other                  (1)              2              (2)               9             0              9
Balance at December 31, 2025                                       29           34                  2            331               3         399


Carrying amounts:
At January 1, 2024                                  $              17 $         19 $                1 $          272 $             1 $       312
At December 31, 2024                                $              15 $         30 $                8 $          275 $             2 $       329


At January 1, 2025                                  $              15 $         30 $                8 $          275 $             2 $       329
At December 31, 2025                                $              27 $         45 $                2 $          306 $             4 $       384


                                                                    31
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

10. Intangible assets and goodwill


                                                    Technology      Customer                      Non-compete
                                                      Assets         Assets        Backlog        agreements Trademarks          Goodwill       Total


Cost

Balance at January 1, 2024                          $     5,004 $        4,705 $         17 $                2 $       29 $          1,279 $      11,037
Acquisitions through business combinations                 903              924              0           -             -               243         2,069
Effect of movements in foreign exchange                    (173)          (144)             (0)              0             (1)         (47)         (366)
Balance at December 31, 2024                        $     5,733 $        5,485 $         17 $                2 $       28 $          1,474 $      12,739


Balance at January 1, 2025                          $     5,733 $        5,485 $         17 $                2 $       28 $          1,474 $      12,739
Acquisitions through business combinations                 784              749              0           -             -               267         1,801
Effect of movements in foreign exchange and other          282              258              0               (0)           3            74              616
Balance at December 31, 2025                        $     6,799 $        6,492 $         17 $                2 $       31 $          1,815 $      15,157


Accumulated amortization and impairment losses

Balance at January 1, 2024                          $     2,822 $        1,497 $         17 $                2 $           7 $          16 $       4,361
Amortization for the period                                600              442              0               0             1           -           1,044
Impairment charge                                           10                 9        -                -             -                    7           26
Effect of movements in foreign exchange                     (92)            (54)            (0)              0         -               -            (146)
Balance at December 31, 2024                        $     3,340 $        1,894 $         17 $                2 $           9 $          23 $       5,284


Balance at January 1, 2025                          $     3,340 $        1,894 $         17 $                2 $           9 $          23 $       5,284
Amortization for the period                                677              504              0               (0)           2           -           1,182
Impairment charge                                           14              13          -                -             -                11              38
Effect of movements in foreign exchange                    163              101              0               (0)       -               -                264
Balance at December 31, 2025                        $     4,193 $        2,512 $         17 $                2 $       10 $             34 $       6,769


Carrying amounts
At January 1, 2024                                  $     2,182 $        3,209 $             0 $             (0) $     22 $          1,262 $       6,675
At December 31, 2024                                $     2,393 $        3,591 $             0 $         -         $   20 $          1,451 $       7,455


At January 1, 2025                                  $     2,393 $        3,591 $             0 $         -         $   20 $          1,451 $       7,455
At December 31, 2025                                $     2,606 $        3,980 $             0 $             (0) $     21 $          1,781 $       8,388




Impairment testing for cash-generating units containing goodwill

The annual impairment test of goodwill was performed as of December 31, 2025 and 2024. During the year ended
December 31, 2025, goodwill in the amount of $11 was impaired and expensed in the consolidated statement of
income (loss) (2024 - $7). For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to the Company’s business
units included in each operating segment, which represent the lowest level within the Company at which goodwill
is monitored for internal purposes. There was no goodwill reallocated to the Company’s CGUs that was deemed
to be significant in comparison to the carrying amount of goodwill as at December 31, 2025.


                                                                       32
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

In determining the recoverable amount, the Company applied an estimated market valuation multiple to the
business unit's most recent annual recurring revenues, which are derived primarily from post-contract customer
support contracts, transaction revenues, and hosted products. Valuation multiples, which are Level 3 inputs, applied
by the Company for this purpose reflect current market conditions specific to the business unit and are assessed
for reasonability by comparison to the Company's current and past acquisition experience involving ranges of
revenue-based multiples required to acquire representative software companies. During 2025, the estimated
market valuation multiple ranged from 1.5X to 5.0X of “Maintenance and other recurring revenue”. The Company
has six CGUs whereby the total goodwill allocated is significant in comparison to the Company’s total carrying
amount of goodwill. The total goodwill allocated to each of these CGUs as at December 31, 2025 is $64, $36,
$235, $54, $47, and $79.

11. Debt with recourse to CSI and Liability of CSI under the IRGA

                                                                                                                Liability of CSI under
                                                                CSI Facility           Senior Notes                   the IRGA           Debentures      Term Loan                 Total
Principal outstanding (and, except for debentures, equal to
fair value)                                                 $                  -   $             1,000 $                        1,234 $          361 $           87            $           2,682


 Deduct: Unamortized transaction costs included in debt
 balance                                                                       -                          (6)                     -              -                   (0)                      (6)


 Add: Unamortized debt premium                                                 -                      -                           -               47             -                           47


Carrying value at December 31, 2025                                            -                   994                          1,234            408             87        -               2,723


 Current portion                                                               -                      -                           775            -               -                          775
 Non-current portion                                                           -                   994                            458            408             87                        1,948



CSI Facility

On January 31, 2024, the Company completed an amendment and restatement of its existing credit facility
agreement (the “CSI Facility”). The facility limit was increased from $840 to $1,085, with a syndicate of existing and
new institutions. The agreement has also moved from a secured to an unsecured facility structure, which continues
to be available for general corporate purposes including acquisitions and working capital. The CSI Facility is
guaranteed by certain subsidiaries of the Company. The CSI Facility bears a variable interest rate with no fixed
repayments required over the term to maturity. Interest rates are calculated at standard U.S. and Canadian
reference rates plus interest rate spreads based on a leverage table. The CSI Facility contains standard events of
default which if not remedied within a cure period would trigger the repayment of any outstanding balance. As at
December 31, 2025, $nil (December 31, 2024 – $nil) had been drawn from this credit facility, and letters of credit
totaling $13 (December 31, 2024 - $13) were issued, which limits the borrowing capacity on a dollar-for-dollar basis.

Senior Notes

On February 16, 2024, the Company completed a private offering of $500 aggregate principal amount of 5.158%
senior notes due 2029 and $500 aggregate principal amount of 5.461% senior notes due 2034 (collectively, the
“Senior Notes”). The Senior Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company and rank equally in right of
payment to all of the Company’s existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness, including the CSI Facility. The
Senior Notes are guaranteed by certain subsidiaries of the Company on the same basis as such subsidiaries have
guaranteed the CSI Facility. Transaction costs associated with the Senior Notes are being amortized through profit
or loss using the effective interest rate method.


                                                                                              33
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

Liability of CSI under the terms of the IRGA/TSS Members Agreement

On December 23, 2014, in accordance with the terms of the purchase and sale agreement for the initial acquisition
of Total Specific Solutions (“TSS”) by CSI, and on the basis of the term sheets attached thereto, Constellation and
the sellers of TSS along with certain members of TSS’ executive management team (collectively, the “Joday Group”)
among others, entered into a Members Agreement (the “TSS Members Agreement”) pursuant to which the Joday
Group acquired 33.29% of the voting interests in Constellation Software Netherlands Holding Coöperatief U.A.
(which was renamed to Topicus.com Coöperatief U.A., (“Topicus Coop”)), a subsidiary of Constellation and the
indirect owner of 100% of TSS at the time of the acquisition. Total proceeds from this transaction was EUR 39.

On January 5, 2021, the TSS Members Agreement was terminated in conjunction with the acquisition of
Topicus.com B.V., the reorganization of Topicus Coop and the execution of the Investors Rights and Governance
Agreement (“IRGA”). The IRGA was established to create certain contractual obligations of the parties in respect
of the governance of Topicus and Topicus Coop. The IRGA provides for transfer restrictions in respect of the
ordinary units of Topicus Coop (“Topicus Coop Ordinary Units” or the “Topicus Coop Units”).

Any time after January 5, 2021, any member of the Joday Group has the right, at their option, to sell any number of
its Topicus Coop Units to CSI at a cash price per Topicus Coop Unit determined in accordance with the IRGA. Upon
the exercise of such option by a member of the Joday Group, CSI will be obligated to purchase 33.33% of such
Topicus Coop Units within 30 days, and an additional 33.33% on each of the first and the second anniversary of
such initial purchase with the exception of certain items including the Company’s obligations under the IRGA
associated with the investment in Sygnity and Asseco which have been classified as a current liability and are
expected to be settled through providing Joday their prorated share of the investments. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, CSI can offer Topicus the right to purchase such Topicus Coop Units in lieu of CSI.

In the event of a change of control of CSI, any member of the Joday Group has the right, at their option, to sell all
of its Topicus Coop Units to CSI at a cash price per Topicus Coop Unit determined in accordance with the IRGA.
Upon the exercise of such option by a member of the Joday Group, CSI will be obligated to purchase all such
Topicus Coop Units. Notwithstanding the foregoing, CSI can offer Topicus the right to purchase such Topicus Coop
Units in lieu of CSI.

If CSI reduces its economic interest in Topicus by a sale or transfer of its economic interest (and not due to any
additional issuance of any shares or equity by Topicus) by more than one-third (calculated on a fully converted
basis in accordance with the IRGA), any member of the Joday Group has the right, at their option, to sell to CSI
one-third of its Topicus Coop Units at a cash price per Topicus Coop Unit determined in accordance with the IRGA.
Upon the exercise of such put option by a member of the Joday Group, CSI will be obligated to purchase all such
put Topicus Coop Units. Notwithstanding the foregoing, CSI can offer Topicus the right to purchase such Topicus
Coop Units in lieu of CSI. Any member of the Joday Group has a similar right to sell one-half or all of its remaining
Topicus Coop Units, respectively, at its option, if CSI further reduces its remaining fully-diluted economic interest in
Topicus by a sale or transfer of its economic interest by one-half and again if CSI sells its entire remaining economic
interest in Topicus.

All of the Topicus Coop Ordinary Units held by the Joday Group and Ijssel B.V. (collectively, the “Topicus Coop
Exchangeable Units”) are exchangeable, directly or indirectly, for Topicus Subordinate Voting Shares. All of the
above rights of members of the Joday Group apply to any Topicus Subordinate Voting Shares issued on an
exchange of Topicus Coop Exchangeable Units.

At any time after December 31, 2023, CSI has the right, at its option, to buy all of the Topicus Coop Units and
shares of Topicus held by certain members of the Joday Group (excluding Joday Investments VI B.V. (“Joday”)) at

                                                          34
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

a cash price per Topicus Coop Unit (or share of Topicus, as applicable) determined in accordance with the IRGA.
After December 31, 2043, CSI has the same right to buy all of the Topicus Coop Units and shares of Topicus held
by the remaining members of the Joday Group, including Joday.

In addition, if certain individuals affiliated with Joday are terminated from their employment with Topicus Coop or
an affiliate thereof for urgent cause (as defined in the Dutch Civil Code), CSI has the right, at its option, to buy all
of Topicus Coop Units held by such individuals at a cash price per Topicus Coop Unit determined in accordance
with the IRGA.

The Company has continued to classify the above obligations of CSI under the terms of the IRGA as a liability. The
main valuation driver in such calculation is the maintenance and other recurring revenue of Topicus. Maintenance
and recurring revenue of Topicus for the trailing twelve months on a pro-forma basis determined at the end of the
current reporting period was used as the basis for valuing the interests at each redemption date, excluding Sygnity.
The valuation of the Company’s obligations under the IRGA associated with the Company’s investment in Sygnity
and Asseco are based on the fair value of these investments as determined by their respective share prices at the
end of each reporting period and the aggregate liability under the IRGA associated with these two investments has
been classified as a current liability. The valuation of CSI’s obligations under the IRGA is also impacted by the
change in the net tangible assets of Topicus (as defined under the IRGA). As the net tangible assets increase
(which is typically the result of net profits in the applicable period), the valuation of CSI’s obligations under the IRGA
increases. Any increase or decrease in the value of such liability is recorded as an expense or income in the
consolidated statements of income (loss) for the period.

Debentures

On October 1, 2014 and November 19, 2014, the Company issued debentures with a total principal value of C$96
for total proceeds of C$91. On September 30, 2015, the Company issued another tranche of debentures
(collectively with the 2014 issuances called the “Debentures”) with a total principal value of C$186 for total proceeds
of C$214.

On October 6, 2023, a total of C$213 principal amount of debentures (“2023 Debentures”) were issued at a price
of C$133.00 per C$100.00 principal amount of 2023 Debentures purchased representing proceeds to the Company
of C$283 which was used by the Company to pay down indebtedness under its existing credit facility. The 2023
Debentures were issued as an additional tranche of, and will form a single series with, the outstanding C$282
aggregate principal amount of Debentures.

The Debentures have a maturity date of March 31, 2040 (the “Maturity Date”).

The interest rate from and including:

    •   March 31, 2023 but excluding March 31, 2024 is 13.3%
    •   March 31, 2024 but excluding March 31, 2025 is 10.4%
    •   March 31, 2025 but excluding March 31, 2026 is 8.9%
    •   March 31, 2026 but excluding March 31, 2027 is 8.6%

Subsequent from and including March 31, 2027 to but excluding the Maturity Date, the interest rate applicable to
the Debentures will be reset on an annual basis on March 31 of each year, at a rate equal to the annual average
percentage change in the All-items Consumer Price Index during the 12-month period ending on December 31 in
the prior year (which amount may be positive or negative) plus 6.5%. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the interest
rate applicable to the debentures will not be less than 0%. The Company may, subject to certain approvals, elect
                                                           35
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

the Payment in Kind election (“PIK Election”), in lieu of paying interest in cash, to satisfy all or any portion of its
interest obligation payable on an interest payment date by issuing to each Debenture holder PIK Debentures equal
to the amount of the interest obligation to be satisfied. The PIK Debentures will have the same terms and conditions
as the Debentures and will form part of the principal amount of the Debentures. If, on any interest payment date,
the Company fails to pay the amount of interest owing on the Debentures in full in cash, the Company will not (A)
declare or pay dividends of any kind on the Common Shares, nor (B) participate in any share buyback or redemption
involving the Common Shares, until the date on which the Company pays such interest (or the unpaid portion
thereof) in cash to holders of the Debentures; however, where the Company has issued PIK Debentures in respect
of all or a portion of the amount of interest owing on the Debentures on an interest payment date, the Company
may resume declaring or paying dividends of any kind on the Common Shares and participating in any share
buyback or redemption involving the Common Shares beginning on the next earlier of (i) the interest payment date
of which the Company pays the amount of interest owing on the Debentures in full in cash and (ii) the date on which
the Company repays all amounts owing under the PIK Debenture. All payments in respect of the Debentures will
be subordinated in right of payment to the prior payment in full of all senior indebtedness of the Company.

The Debentures will be redeemable in certain circumstances at the option of the Company or the holder. During
the period beginning on March 16 and ending on March 31 of each year, the Company will have the right, at its
option, to give notice to holders of Debentures of its intention to redeem the Debentures, in whole or in part, on
March 31 in the year that is five years following the year in which notice is given, at a price equal to the principal
amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest up to but excluding the date fixed for redemption. During the
period beginning on March 1 and ending on March 15 of each year, holders of Debentures will also have the right,
at their option, to give notice to the Company of their intention to require the Company to repurchase (or to “put”)
the Debentures, in whole or in part, on March 31 in the year that is five years following the year in which notice is
given, at a price equal to the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest up to but excluding the date
fixed for repurchase.

The fair value of the debentures as at December 31, 2025 was $426 (December 31, 2024 - $410).

Term Loan

One of CSI’s subsidiaries has entered into a GBP 65 term debt facility with a financial institution for which CSI has
guaranteed the debt. The facility bears a fixed rate of interest. The term loan contains events of default that, if not
remedied, allow the loan note holder to require repayment of the loan principal and interest. The loan is due in
2028.

12. Debt without recourse to CSI

Certain of CSI’s subsidiaries have entered into term debt facilities and revolving credit facilities with various financial
institutions. CSI does not guarantee the debt of these subsidiaries, nor are there any cross-guarantees between
subsidiaries. The credit facilities are collateralized by substantially all of the assets of the borrowing entity and its
subsidiaries. The credit facilities typically bear interest at a rate calculated using an interest rate index plus a margin.
The financing arrangements for each subsidiary typically contain certain restrictive covenants, which may include
limitations or prohibitions on additional indebtedness, payment of cash dividends, redemption of capital, capital
spending, making of acquisitions and sales of assets. In addition, certain financial covenants must be met by those
subsidiaries that have outstanding debt.

During 2025, the Company breached a debt covenant associated with a Term loan in one of its subsidiaries. The
aggregate value of the loan at December 31, 2025 is $51 and the loan has been classified as a current liability. The
breach related to administrative requirements relating to holding a certain amount of cash in the ring-fenced entity

                                                            36
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

and was unrelated to the financial performance of the entity. CSI subsequently transferred the required cash, which
amounted to $2, to the entity in the ring-fence and is now expecting to receive a formal waiver from the lender in
2026.

In conjunction with the acquisition of Optimal Blue, the Company had entered into a promissory note agreement
(“Promissory Note”). The Promissory Note accrues interest at a rate of 7% per annum, is compounded annually
and is payable in arrears. The first cash interest and principal payment under the Promissory Note is due on the
day prior to the fifth anniversary and thereafter interest and principal payments will be due annually on the
subsequent anniversaries of that date. The Promissory Note matures in 2063, subject to earlier optional
prepayment.

Debt without recourse to CSI comprises the following:

                                                                             Topicus Revolving Credit
                                                                                     Facility                Debt Facilities           Promissory Note       Total
Principal outstanding (and equal to fair value)                          $                         393 $                       1,770 $             500   $           2,663


 Deduct: Carrying value of transaction costs included in debt balance                                  (2)                      (18)                -                 (21)


Carrying value at December 31, 2025                                                                391                         1,751               500               2,642


 Current portion                                                                                   391                          200                 -                 591
 Non-current portion                                                                               -                           1,551               500               2,051



The annual minimum repayment requirements for the debt facilities without recourse to CSI (excluding the Topicus
Revolving Credit Facility and the Promissory Note) are as follows:

                    Year                              Debt Facilities


                    2026                                                 199
                    2027                                                 500
                    2028                                                 401
                    2029                                                 164
                    2030                                                 372
                    2031                                                         3
                    2032                                                 131
  2033 and subsequent years                                                  -


                                                                        1,770




                                                                                      37
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

The annual minimum repayment requirements for the Promissory Note are as follows:

Year                                   December 31, 2025


2026 - 2029                        $                   7
2030- 2063                                           493

Total                              $                 500

13. Provisions

At January 1, 2025                                              $      32
Reversal                                                              (11)
Provisions recorded during the period                                  30
Provisions used during the period                                     (22)
Effect of movements in foreign exchange and other                       2

At December 31, 2025                                            $      30


  Provisions classified as current liabilities                         17
  Provisions classified as other non-current liabilities               13

The provisions balance is comprised of various individual provisions for severance costs and other estimated
liabilities of the Company of uncertain timing or amount.




                                                           38
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

14. Lease obligations

The following table presents the expected maturity of the undiscounted cash flows for lease obligations as at
December 31, 2025:


                                                                 December 31,
                                                                        2025


Less than 1 year                                         $               149
Between 1 and 5 years                                                    276
More than 5 years                                                         36

Total                                                    $               462

Less: Impact of discounting                                              (39)

Leases obligation recorded on balance sheet              $               423

The expense relating to variable lease payments not included in the measurement of lease obligations was $8
(2024 - $8). This consists primarily of variable lease payments for property taxes. Expenses relating to short-term
leases were $12 (2024 - $11), expenses relating to leases of low value assets were $2 (2024 - $2) and sublease
income was $4 (2024 - $3). Total cash outflow for leases was $169 (2024 - $153).




                                                        39
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

15. Income taxes

(a) Tax recognized in profit or loss

                                                                                     2025                   2024


Income tax recognized in profit or loss


Current income tax expense (recovery)
Current year                                                                             600                  537
Pillar 2 Top-Up Tax                                                                          9                  5
Change in estimates related to prior years                                                   (4)              (17)
                                                                                         606                  525


Deferred income tax expense (recovery)


Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                        (191)                (281)
Effect of change in future tax rates                                                         (4)                   (1)
Change in recognized temporary differences and unrecognized tax losses                      (41)               20
Change in estimates related to prior years                                                  (17)               (19)
                                                                                         (252)                (281)



Income tax expense (recovery)                                                            353                  244




                                                              40
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

(b) Reconciliation of effective tax rate

                                                                                             2025              2024


Net income for the year                                                                         586               767
Income tax expense                                                                              353               244
Income before income taxes                                                                      939             1,011



Income tax expense using the Company's statutory tax rate of 26.5% (2024 - 26.5%)               249               268
Impact on taxes from:
          Foreign tax rate differential                                                             (37)           (36)
          Other, including non-deductible expenses and non-taxable income                       171                    8
          Pillar 2 Top-Up Tax                                                                           9              5
          Equity-accounted investment income and valuation effects                                  27             -
          Redeemable preferred securities expense which is not deductible for tax purposes          -              15
          Change in recognized temporary differences and unrecognized tax losses                    (41)           20
          Effect of change in future tax rates                                                          (4)            (1)
          Change in estimates related to prior years                                                (21)           (36)
                                                                                                353               244


The investment in Asseco Poland S.A. primarily relates to the Company’s investment in Asseco Poland S.A. The
reconciling item reflects the difference between accounting income and taxable income arising from: (i) dividends
received prior to the acquisition of significant influence, which are exempt from tax under the participation
exemption; and (ii) valuation-related accounting effects recognised in profit or loss in connection with the transition
to equity-method accounting and related investment instruments following the acquisition of significant influence
during the year. This amount gives rise to significant movements in accounting profit without a corresponding current
tax charge, resulting in a material impact on the effective tax rate for the period. The quantum of this reconciling
item may fluctuate significantly between periods depending on changes in the underlying performance and valuation
of the investment.

On July 4, 2025, the U.S. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (the
“Act”). The Act repeals the requirement to capitalize and amortize domestic research and experimental (“R&E”)
expenditures under Internal Revenue Code Section 174 for tax years beginning after December 31, 2021.

During the year-ended 2025, the Company recognized a current income tax benefit of approximately $61. This is
comprised of $15 relating to U.S. operations of Lumine, and $46 relating to the Company’s other U.S. operations,
and primarily reflects the immediate deductibility of current-year domestic R&E expenditures and the decision to
accelerate deductions of previously capitalized domestic R&E expenditures within Lumine. An offsetting deferred
income tax expense was recorded to reverse the associated deferred tax assets established in prior periods,
resulting in no net impact on total income tax expense or the effective tax rate for the year. Consistent with
management’s interpretation of the enacted rules, the Company’s other US operating members do not expect to
elect accelerated amortization of previously capitalized domestic R&E expenditures for the 2022 through 2024 tax
years, as such an election would be expected to increase exposure to the Base Erosion and Anti-Abuse Tax
(“BEAT”). As part of its tax planning strategy to mitigate potential BEAT liability, the Company expects to make an
election under Section 59(e) of the Internal Revenue Code to capitalize and amortize approximately $93 of R&E
expenditures over ten years. In connection with this expected election, the Company recognized a current income
tax expense of $24 during the year, offset by a deferred income tax benefit of an equal amount, resulting in no net
                                                              41
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

impact on total income tax expense or the Company’s effective tax rate. Management continues to evaluate the
potential impacts of this election on future periods.

The Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) 2.0 initiative is a significant reform of the international tax system led
by the Inclusive Framework and the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD). This
initiative includes a substantial change for large multinational groups with the “Pillar Two” proposal of a global
minimum tax of 15%. Pillar Two legislation has been enacted or substantively enacted in certain jurisdictions in
which the Company operates. The impact as a result of the Pillar Two legislation was an increase to current income
tax expense of $9. In accordance with the amendments to IAS 12 Income Taxes, the Company has applied the
mandatory temporary exception to recognizing and disclosing information about deferred tax assets and liabilities
related to Pillar 2 income taxes. Consequently, no deferred tax liabilities or assets associated with these top-up
taxes have been recognized in these financial statements.

Constellation is subject to tax audits in the countries in which the Company does business globally. These tax
audits could result in additional tax expense in future periods relating to historical filings. Reviews by tax authorities
generally focus on, but are not limited to, the validity of the Company’s inter-company transactions, including
financing and transfer pricing policies which generally involve subjective areas of taxation and a significant degree
of judgment. If any of these tax authorities are successful with their challenges, the Company’s income tax expense
may be adversely affected and Constellation could also be subject to interest and penalty charges.

16. Deferred tax assets and liabilities

(a) Unrecognized deferred tax liabilities

The aggregate amount of temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries for which we have not
recognized deferred tax liabilities is $2,568 (2024: $1,992) as the Company ultimately controls whether the liability
will be incurred and it is satisfied that it will not be incurred in the foreseeable future. The temporary differences
relate to undistributed earnings of the Company's subsidiaries. Dividends declared would be subject to withholding
tax in the range of 0-15% depending on the jurisdiction of the subsidiary.

(b) Unrecognized deferred tax assets

                                                                                2025                        2024


Deductible temporary differences, including capital losses         $            216              $           178
Non-capital tax losses                                             $            627              $           620
Foreign Tax Credits                                                $              5              $             3



Non-capital tax losses of $317 expire between 2026 and 2045 and $310 can be carried forward indefinitely. Included
in the non-capital tax losses expiring between 2026 and 2045 is $141 of losses that are not expected to be used to
offset future taxable profit as a result of legislative restrictions in the jurisdiction where those losses exist. The
deductible temporary differences and capital losses do not expire under current tax legislation. Deferred tax assets
have not been recognized in respect of those items because it is not probable that future taxable profit will be
available in those jurisdictions against which the Company can utilize these benefits.

As of December 31, 2025 we had a $5 in unused Foreign Tax Credits. We are unlikely to use these unless there
are significant tax rate changes in the UK and the US..




                                                             42
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

(c) Recognized deferred tax assets and liabilities

                                                                                     Assets                    Liabilities                               Net
                                                                        2025                  2024           2025             2024          2025               2024


Property, plant and equipment                                                  13                     10               (14)       (17)             (1)                     (7)
Intangible assets                                                              189                   172            (1,260)    (1,020)      (1,071)                   (848)
Reserves                                                                       119                    72                (5)           (6)      114                     66
Non-capital loss carryforwards                                                 196                   122                 -        -            196                    122
Research and development expenditures                                          179                   214                (2)       -            177                    214
Deferred revenue                                                               35                     29                (1)           (1)          35                  28
Foreign and other tax credits                                                   1                     -                 (5)           (6)          (4)                     (6)
Other, including capital losses, withholding tax and foreign exchange          56                     27               (36)       (51)             20                  (24)


Tax assets (liabilities)                                                       788                   646            (1,322)    (1,101)        (534)                   (455)


Reclassification                                                           (433)                     (428)            433        428                                   -
Net tax assets (liabilities)                                                   355                   219             (890)      (673)         (534)                   (455)



This reclassification relates to the offsetting of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities to the extent that they
relate to the same taxing authorities and there is a legally enforceable right to do so.

As of December 31, 2025, the Company has recognized deferred tax assets of $47 in respect of a group of UK
entities as well as deferred tax assets of $6 in respect of a Brazilian entity that have incurred tax losses in the
current and/or preceding periods. The recognition of these deferred tax assets is supported by management's
assessment that it is probable that sufficient future taxable profits will be available against which the deductible
temporary differences and unused tax losses can be utilized. In making this assessment, management has
considered the entities' forecasted taxable profits. These deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date
and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all
or part of the asset to be recovered.




                                                                                               43
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

(d) Movement in deferred tax balances during the year
                                                                                                               Recognized in
                                                                      Balance                                       other           Acquired in                        Balance
                                                                     January 1,      Recognized in profit      comprehensive         business                        December 31,
                                                                       2025               or loss                 income           combinations         Other            2025


Property, plant and equipment                                                  (7)                       5                     -              -                  -              (1)
Intangible assets                                                           (848)                    164                       -             (339)          (48)            (1,071)
Reserves                                                                       66                     40                       -                  8              -            114
Non-capital loss carryforwards                                               122                      36                       -              38                 -            196
Research and development expenditures                                        214                     (41)                      -                  4              -            177
Deferred revenue                                                               28                        5                     -                  2              -             35
Tax credits                                                                    (6)                   -                         -                  2              -              (4)
Other, including capital losses and withholding tax                          (24)                     43                       -                  (2)           3              20
                                                                            (455)                    252                       -             (287)          (45)              (534)


                                                                                                               Recognized in
                                                                      Balance                                       other           Acquired in                        Balance
                                                                     January 1,      Recognized in profit      comprehensive         business                        December 31,
                                                                       2024               or loss                 income           combinations         Other            2024


Property, plant and equipment                                                  (3)                       3                -                       (6)       -                   (7)
Intangible assets                                                           (808)                    279                  -                  (341)              22            (848)
Reserves                                                                       56                        6                -                       4         -                  66
Non-capital loss carryforwards                                               106                     (12)                 -                   27            -                 122
Research and development expenditures                                        145                      56                  -                   13            -                 214
Deferred revenue                                                               29                        (4)              -                       3         -                  28
Tax credits                                                                    (7)                       1                -                   -             -                   (6)
Other, including capital losses and withholding tax                          (36)                    (49)                 -                   60                1              (24)
                                                                            (518)                    281                  -                  (241)              23            (455)




17. Capital and other components of equity

Capital Stock

At December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the authorized share capital of Constellation consisted of an
unlimited number of voting common shares and a limited number of non-voting preferred shares (there are no
preferred shares outstanding).

                                                    Common Shares
                                                  Number     Amount


December 31, 2025                                     21,191,530 $        99

December 31, 2024                                     21,191,530 $        99


Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) is comprised of the following separate components of equity:

                                                                               44
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

Cumulative translation account

The cumulative translation account comprises all foreign currency differences arising from the translation of the
financial statements of foreign operations, as well as foreign exchange gains and losses arising from monetary
items that form part of the net investment in the foreign operation.

Amounts related to derivatives designated as hedges

The portion of the gain or loss on derivatives designated as hedges that are determined to be an effective hedge is
recognized directly in other comprehensive income (loss), and the ineffective portion in the statement of income
(loss). The gains or losses deferred in other comprehensive income (loss) in this way are subsequently recognized
in the statement of income (loss) in the same period in which the hedged underlying transaction or firm commitment
is recognized in the statement of income (loss).

Changes in the fair value of equity investments at FVOCI

For certain securities, the Company has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to present
subsequent changes in fair value in other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”).

Dividends

During the three months ended December 31, 2025, the Company declared a $1.00 per share dividend to all
common shareholders of record at close of business on December 19, 2025. The dividend declared in the quarter
ended December 31, 2025 representing $21 was paid and settled on January 12, 2026.

During the three months ended September 30, 2025, the Company declared a $1.00 per share dividend to all
common shareholders of record at close of business on September 19, 2025. The dividend declared in the quarter
ended September 30, 2025 representing $21 was paid and settled on October 10, 2025.

During the three months ended June 30, 2025, the Company declared a $1.00 per share dividend to all common
shareholders of record at close of business on June 20, 2025. The dividend declared in the quarter ended June
30, 2025 representing $21 was paid and settled on July 11, 2025.

During the three months ended March 31, 2025, the Company declared a $1.00 per share dividend to all common
shareholders of record at close of business on March 28, 2025. The dividend declared in the quarter ended March
31, 2025 representing $21 was paid and settled on April 15, 2025.

The dividend declared in the quarter ended December 31, 2024 representing $21 was paid and settled on January
10, 2025.




                                                        45
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

18. Finance and other expense (income) and finance costs

                                                                                      Year ended December 31,
                                                                                            2025                2024


Interest income on cash                                                           $         (46) $              (33)
(Increase) decrease in the fair value of equity securities                                  (13)                    0
Share in net (income) loss of equity investee                                                 1                     0
(Increase) decrease in the fair value of derivative and other finance income                (67)                -
Finance and other income                                                                   (103)                (27)


Finance and other expense (income)                                                $        (228) $              (60)


Interest expense on debt and debentures                                           $         240 $               234
Interest expense on lease obligations                                                        16                  14
Amortization of debt related transaction costs                                                7                     7
Amortization of debenture discount (premium)                                                 (3)                    (3)
Other finance costs                                                                          36                  28


Finance costs                                                                     $         297 $               280




                                                              46
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

19. Earnings per share

Basic and diluted earnings per share

                                                                             Year ended December 31,
                                                                              2025                      2024
Numerator:
  Net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders of CSI      $         512 $                     731

Denominator:
  Basic and diluted shares outstanding                                  21,191,530               21,191,530

Earnings per share
  Basic and diluted                                                 $       24.15 $                    34.48

20. Capital risk management

The Company's objectives in managing capital are to ensure sufficient liquidity to pursue its strategy of organic
growth combined with strategic acquisitions and to provide returns to its shareholders. The Company manages its
capital with the objective of ensuring that there are adequate capital resources while maximizing the return to
shareholders through the optimization of the debt and equity balance. The capital structure of the Company consists
of cash, Debt with recourse to CSI, Liability of CSI under the IRGA, Debt without recourse to CSI, and components
of shareholders' equity including retained earnings and capital stock.

The Company is subject to certain covenants on its CSI facility and Senior Notes. The covenants primarily include
a leverage ratio and an interest coverage ratio. The Debt without recourse to CSI is also subject to certain
covenants. The Company monitors the ratios on a quarterly basis. As at December 31, 2025, other than disclosed
in note 12, the Company is in compliance with its debt covenants. Other than the covenants required for the CSI
facility, Senior Notes, and the Debt without recourse to CSI, the Company is not subject to any externally imposed
capital requirements.

The Board of Directors determine if and when dividends should be declared and paid based on all relevant
circumstances, including the desirability of financing further growth of the Company and its financial position at the
relevant time. The Board of Directors has adopted a policy to pay quarterly dividends, which commenced in 2012.
Constellation intends to declare a regular quarterly dividend to allow shareholders to participate in its free cash flow,
while retaining sufficient capital to invest in acquisitions and organic growth. There is no guarantee that dividends
will continue to be declared and paid in the future.

The Company makes adjustments to its capital structure in light of general economic conditions, the risk
characteristics of the underlying assets and the Company's working capital requirements. In order to maintain or
adjust its capital structure, the Company, upon approval from its Board of Directors, may increase or decrease
dividends, increase or decrease the line of credit or undertake other activities as deemed appropriate under the
specific circumstances. The Board of Directors reviews and approves any material transactions not in the ordinary
course of business, as well as significant acquisitions and other major investments above pre-determined
quantitative thresholds.



                                                            47
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

21. Financial risk management and financial instruments

Overview

The Company is exposed to risks of varying degrees of significance which could affect its ability to achieve its
strategic objectives for growth. The main objectives of the Company's risk management process are to ensure that
risks are properly identified and that the capital base is adequate in relation to those risks. The principal financial
risks to which the Company is exposed are described below.

Market risk

Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and interest
rates, will affect the Company's income or the value of its financial instruments.

The Company is exposed to interest rate risk on the utilized portion of its CSI facility and its Debentures and does
not currently hold any financial instruments that mitigate this risk. If there was a 1% increase in the interest rate on
the Debentures, there would be a corresponding decrease in income before tax of $4. There would be an equal
and opposite impact if there was a 1% decrease in the interest rate.

The Company is also exposed to interest rate risk on the utilized portion of the Debt without recourse to CSI with
variable interest rates. If there was a 1% increase in the interest rate on the Debt without recourse to CSI with
variable interest rates, there would be a corresponding decrease in income before tax of $21. There would be an
equal and opposite impact if there was a 1% decrease in the interest rate.

The Company operates internationally, giving rise to exposure to market risks from changes in foreign exchange
rates which impact sales and purchases that are denominated in a currency other than the respective functional
currencies of certain of its subsidiaries. The Company currently does not typically use derivative instruments to
hedge its exposure to those risks. Most of the Company's businesses are organized geographically so that many
of its expenses are incurred in the same currency as its revenues thus mitigating some of its exposure to currency
fluctuations.

Foreign currency risk:

Foreign currency risk arises on financial instruments that are denominated in a currency other than the functional
currency in which they are measured. The Company’s primary exposure with respect to foreign currencies is
through the Canadian dollar denominated Debentures (note 11) and the Euro denominated IRGA Liability (note 11).
The principal outstanding on the Debentures at December 31, 2025 is $361 (C$495). If there was a 1%
strengthening of the Canadian dollar against the U.S. dollar, there would be a corresponding decrease in income
before income taxes of $4. There would be an equal and opposite impact if there was a 1% weakening of the
Canadian dollar against the U.S. dollar. The carrying value of the IRGA Liability as at December 31, 2025 is $1,234
(EUR 1,050). If there was a 1% strengthening of the EUR against the U.S. dollar, there would be a corresponding
decrease in income before income taxes of $12. There would be an equal and opposite impact if there was a 1%
weakening of the EUR dollar against the U.S. dollar.

Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company is not able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due or can do so
only at excessive cost. The Company manages liquidity risk through the management of its capital structure and

                                                          48
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

financial leverage, as outlined in note 20 to the consolidated financial statements. The Company's growth is
financed through a combination of cash flows from operations and borrowing under the Debt with recourse to CSI
and Debt without recourse to CSI. One of the Company’s primary goals is to maintain an optimal level of liquidity
through the active management of the assets and liabilities as well as the cash flows from operations. The details
of the Company's Debt with recourse to CSI, liability of CSI under the IRGA, and Debt without recourse to CSI are
disclosed in note 11 and note 12 to the consolidated financial statements. As at December 31, 2025, available
credit in respect of the Company's CSI facility was $1,072.

Included in cash and cash equivalents is an overnight deposit account whereby the funds are invested at the close
of business each day and returned at the opening of business the following day. The balance of this account as of
December 31, 2025 was $469 (December 31, 2024 - $272).

The majority of the Company's financial liabilities recorded in accounts payable and accrued liabilities are due within
60 days. The Company also has payment processing liabilities which are settled within a few days of year-end.
Included in cash is an equivalent cash balance of $106 (December 31, 2024 - $56) that is held to settle these
payment processing liabilities as they become due. Holdbacks payable related to business acquisitions are
generally payable within six months to two years.

Given the Company's available liquid resources and credit capacity as compared to the timing of the payments of
liabilities, the Company assesses its liquidity risk to be low.

Credit risk

Credit risk represents the financial loss that the Company would experience if a counterparty to a financial
instrument, in which the Company has an amount owing from the counterparty failed to meet its obligations in
accordance with the terms and conditions of its contracts with the Company. The carrying amount of the Company's
financial assets, including receivables from customers, represents the Company's maximum credit exposure.

The majority of the accounts receivable balance relates to maintenance invoices to customers that have a history
of payment. In addition, a large proportion of the Company's accounts receivable are with public sector government
agencies where the credit risk has historically been assessed to be low. Furthermore, the Company generally does
not provide significant financing arrangements to our customers and many of the Company’s invoices are paid in
advance of providing services. During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company recognized a bad debt
expense arising from credit loss of $6 (December 31, 2024 – $14).

An allowance account for accounts receivable is used to record impairment losses arising from credit risk unless
the Company is satisfied that no recovery of the amount owing is possible; at which point the amounts are
considered to be uncollectible and are written off against the specific accounts receivable amount attributable to a
customer. The number of days outstanding of an individual receivable balance is the key indicator for determining
whether an account is at risk of being impaired. If an accounts receivable balance has aged more than 365 days,
a provision of 100% of the outstanding balance is normally applied. If an accounts receivable balance has aged
more than 270 days, a minimum provision of 50% for non-government customers is normally applied. The Company
would also record a provision for any known or estimated amounts that are not collectible over and above the
minimum provision requirements regardless of aging.




                                                          49
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

The maximum exposure to credit risk for accounts receivable at the reporting date by geographic region was:

                                             December 31,          December 31,
                                                    2025                  2024


United States                            $           650 $                 669
Canada                                                  68                  54
United Kingdom                                       130                   114
Europe                                               445                   320
Other                                                175                   134


                                         $         1,470 $               1,291


The aging of accounts receivables at the reporting date was:

                                                        December         December
                                                         31, 2025         31, 2024


 Current
  Gross                                             $         1,237 $        1,083
  Impairment                                                       (3)            (5)
 Net                                                          1,234          1,078


 90-180 days
  Gross                                                           152            147
  Impairment                                                       (4)            (4)
 Net                                                              147            143


 More than 180 days
  Gross                                                           192            172
  Impairment                                                  (104)          (102)
 Net                                                              89              70


 Total accounts receivable
  Gross                                             $         1,581 $        1,402
  Impairment                                                  (111)          (111)
 Net                                                          1,470          1,291

An allowance account for accounts receivable is used to record impairment losses unless the Company is satisfied
that no recovery of the amount owing is possible; at which point the amounts are considered to be uncollectible and

                                                             50
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

are written off against the specific accounts receivable amount attributable to a customer. The number of days
outstanding of an individual receivable balance is the key indicator for determining whether an account is at risk of
being impaired.

The movement in the allowance for impairment in respect of accounts receivable during the year ended:

                                                                                2025           2024


Aggregate balance at January 1                                              $          111 $          110
Increase (decrease) from business acquisitions                                         18              5
Impairment loss recognized                                                             68             73
Impairment loss reversed                                                               (49)           (42)
Amounts written off                                                                    (41)           (34)
Other movements                                                                         4              (1)


Aggregate balance at December 31                                            $          111 $          111


Allowance for doubtful accounts arising from business combinations          $          27 $           21


There is no concentration of credit risk because of the Company's diverse and disparate number of customers with
individual receivables that are not significant to the Company on a consolidated basis. In addition, the Company
typically requires up front deposits from customers to protect against credit risk.

The Company manages credit risk related to cash by maintaining the majority of the Company’s bank accounts with
Schedule 1 banks.

In the ordinary course of business, the Company and its subsidiaries have provided performance bonds and other
guarantees for the completion of certain customer contracts. The Company has not experienced a loss to date
and future losses are not anticipated; therefore, no liability has been recorded in the consolidated statements of
financial position related to these types of indemnifications or guarantees at December 31, 2025.

Fair values versus carrying amounts

The carrying values of cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued liabilities, dividends payable, the
majority of the acquisition holdbacks, and the CSI Facility, approximate their fair values due to the short-term nature
of these instruments. The carrying value of the debt without recourse to CSI approximate their fair values as the
debt is subject to market interest rates. The carrying value of the Senior Notes, IRGA liability and the Term Loan
with recourse to CSI approximates fair value.




                                                          51
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

Reconciliation of cash flows from financing activities

The following table reconciles the changes in cash flows from financing activities for certain liabilities that are
outstanding as at December 31:

                                                                                         Debt with recourse to CSI
                                                                                         and Liability of CSI under Debt without
                                                                                                 the IRGA           recourse to CSI      Lease liability        Dividends
Balance at January 1, 2025                                                               $                  2,159 $          2,009 $                 367 $                  21


 Increase (decrease) in Topicus revolving credit debt facility without recourse to CSI                        -                130                    -                 -
 Proceeds from issuance of debt under facilities without recourse to CSI                                      -                686                    -                 -
 Repayments of debt under facilities without recourse to CSI                                                  -               (246)                   -                 -
 Increase (decrease) in the CSI facility                                                                      -                -                      -                 -
 Issuance of senior notes                                                                                     -                -                      -                 -
 Payments of lease obligations                                                                                -                -                    (136)               -
 Other financing activities                                                                                   -                    2                  -                 -
 Dividends paid                                                                                               -                -                      -                 (85)
 Distribution to the Joday Group                                                                              -                -                      -                 -
 Principal repayments to the Joday Group pursuant to the Call Notice                                          -                -                      -                 -
 Credit facility transaction costs                                                                            -                (13)                   -                 -
Total financing cash flow activities                                                                          -                561                  (136)               (85)


 Liabilities assumed in conjunction with acquisitions                                                         -                 14                    -                 -
 Amortization of debt related transaction costs                                                                   2                6                  -                 -
 Amortization of debenture premium                                                                                (3)          -                      -                 -
 IRGA liability revaluation charge                                                                            440              -                      -                 -
 New and assumed leases, net of terminations and modifications                                                -                -                     166                -
 Dividends declared                                                                                           -                -                      -                     85
 Foreign exchange loss (gain) and other movements                                                             120                  (2)                    (3)               0
 Foreign currency translation differences from foreign operations                                                 6             55                     28               -
Total financing non-cash activities                                                                           564               73                   191                    85


Balance at December 31, 2025                                                             $                  2,723 $          2,642 $                 423 $                  21




                                                                                   52
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

                                                                                         Debt with recourse to CSI
                                                                                         and Liability of CSI under Debt without
                                                                                                 the IRGA           recourse to CSI      Lease liability        Dividends
Balance at January 1, 2024                                                               $                   1,723 $         1,610 $                 348 $                  21


 Increase (decrease) in Topicus revolving credit debt facility without recourse to CSI                         -                73                    -                 -
 Proceeds from issuance of debt under facilities without recourse to CSI                                       -               381                    -                 -
 Repayments of debt under facilities without recourse to CSI                                                   -              (149)                   -                 -
 Increase (decrease) in the CSI facility                                                                      (578)            -                      -                 -
 Issuance of senior notes                                                                                    1,000             -                      -                 -
 Payments of lease obligations                                                                                 -               -                    (122)               -
 Other financing activities                                                                                    -                   (2)                -                 -
 Dividends paid                                                                                                -               -                      -                 (85)
 Distribution to the Joday Group                                                                               (64)            -                      -                 -
 Principal repayments to the Joday Group pursuant to the Call Notice                                           (22)            -                      -                 -
 Credit facility transaction costs                                                                                 (9)             (6)                -                 -
Total financing cash flow activities                                                                           328             296                  (122)               (85)


 Liabilities assumed in conjunction with acquisitions                                                          -               125                    -                 -
 Amortization of debt related transaction costs                                                                    2               5                  -                 -
 Amortization of debenture premium                                                                                 (3)         -                      -                 -
 IRGA liability revaluation charge                                                                             183             -                      -                 -
 New and assumed leases, net of terminations and modifications                                                 -               -                     157                -
 Dividends declared                                                                                            -               -                      -                     85
 Foreign exchange loss (gain) and other movements                                                              (73)                (0)                    (3)               (0)
 Foreign currency translation differences from foreign operations                                                  (1)         (27)                   (13)              -
Total financing non-cash activities                                                                            107             103                   141                    85


Balance at December 31, 2024                                                             $                   2,159 $         2,009 $                 367 $                  21


Fair value hierarchy

The table below analyzes financial instruments carried at fair value, by valuation method.

     •      level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
     •      level 2 inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included in level 1 that are observable for the asset or
            liability either directly (i.e. prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices); and
     •      level 3 inputs are inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (i.e.
            unobservable inputs).

In the table below, the Company has segregated all financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value
into the most appropriate level within the fair value hierarchy based on the inputs used to determine the fair value
at the measurement date.




                                                                                    53
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

Financial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value as at December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024
in the financial statements are summarized below.

                                                                December 31, 2025                                                   December 31, 2024
                                               Level 1          Level 2           Level 3           Total        Level 1        Level 2       Level 3         Total


Assets:
 Equity securities                             $       64   $        -        $        -        $           64   $         27   $    -    $         -     $           27
 Derivatives                                        -                -                      9                9          -            -              -                 -
                                                    64               -                      9               73          27           -              -                 27


Liabilities:
 Contingent consideration                           -                -                 215              215             -            -              174               174
 Derivatives                                        -                -                      8                8          -            -              -                 -
                                                   -                 -                223              223             -             -             174            174


There were no transfers of fair value measurements between level 1, 2 and level 3 of the fair value hierarchy in the
years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024.

Derivative assets and derivative liabilities

Derivative assets and liabilities relate to contractual arrangements of the Company which have uncertain outcomes.
If the probability of the outcomes associated with the contractual arrangements increases, the underlying value of
the derivative will increase. If the probability of the outcomes decreases, the underlying value of the derivative will
decrease. Assuming a probability of 100% and utilizing the observable inputs as of December 31, 2025, the
maximum exposure of the Company’s derivative liabilities is approximately $79 as of December 31, 2025.

Contingent Consideration

Balance at January 1, 2025                                                                      $                174

Increase from business acquisitions                                                                               75
Cash payments                                                                                                    (83)
Charges (recoveries) through profit or loss                                                                       43
Foreign exchange and other movements                                                                               7

Balance at December 31, 2025                                                                                     215

  Contingent consideration classified as current liabilities                                                      93
  Contingent consideration classified as other non-current liabilities                                           122

Estimates of the fair value of contingent consideration are performed by the Company on a quarterly basis. Key
unobservable inputs include revenue growth rates and the discount rates applied (7% to 11%). The estimated fair
value increases as the annual growth rate increases and as the discount rate decreases and vice versa.



                                                                         54
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

22. Revenue

The following tables provide information about unbilled revenue (contract asset) and deferred revenue (contract
liability).

Unbilled Revenue:

                                                                          2025            2024
At January 1                                                          $      503 $           449
Increase from business acquisitions                                              39              56
Decrease from transfers to accounts receivable                             (1,765)         (1,736)
Increase from changes as a result of the measure of progress                1,772           1,743
Foreign exchange and other movements                                             21              (9)


At December 31                                                        $      570 $           503


  Unbilled revenue classified as a current asset                      $      450 $           369
  Unbilled revenue classified as a other non-current asset                   121             133

Deferred Revenue:


                                                                                          2025          2024
At January 1                                                                          $      2,055 $      1,845


Increase from business acquisitions                                                              154       194
Decrease from revenue recognized that was included in the
deferred revenue balance at the beginning of the period                                     (1,987)      (1,737)

Decrease from revenue recognized that arose from acquired
deferred revenue balances in the current year                                                    (77)      (182)
Increase due to cash received (or billed), excluding amounts
recognized as revenue during the period                                                      2,115        1,971
Foreign exchange and other movements                                                             73            (36)


At December 31                                                                        $      2,333 $      2,055


  Deferred revenue classified as a current liability                                         2,214        1,966
  Deferred revenue classified as a other non-current liability                                   119           89




                                                                 55
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

The amount of revenue recognized in the year ended December 31, 2025 from performance obligations satisfied
in previous periods was $14 (December 31, 2024 - $5).

Revenue allocated to remaining performance obligations represents contracted revenue that has not yet been
recognized (“contracted not yet recognized”) and includes unearned revenue and amounts that will be invoiced and
recognized as revenue in future periods. Contracted not yet recognized revenue was approximately $7,700 as of
December 31, 2025, of which we expect to recognize an estimated 61% of the revenue over the next 12 months
and the remainder thereafter.

Costs to obtain a contract with a customer:

The Company has capitalized and amortized incremental commission costs on a systematic basis, consistent with
the pattern of transfer of the good(s) or service(s) to which the commission relates as the Company believes these
costs are recoverable. The total capitalized commission costs as of December 31, 2025 is $237 (December 31,
2024 - $197). The amount of amortization expense for the year ended December 31, 2025 was $36 (December
31, 2024 - $31) and there was no impairment loss in relation to the costs capitalized.

23. Operating segments

An operating segment is a component of the Company that engages in business activities from which it may earn
revenues and incur expenses, including revenues and expenses that relate to transactions with any of the
Company’s other components. The operating results of all operating segments are reviewed regularly by the
Company’s President to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assessing their
performance.

The Company consists of six operating segments being, Volaris, Harris, Topicus, Vela, Jonas and Perseus. Each
of the Company’s operating segments operate essentially as mini Constellations, conglomerates of small vertical
market software companies with similar economic characteristics. Each operating segment CEO is focused on
investing capital that generates returns at or above the investment hurdle rates set by CSI’s head office (primarily
the President) and the Board of Directors, irrespective of whether the acquired business operates primarily in the
public or private sector. The Company aggregates the six operating segments into one reportable segment,
consistent with the objective and basic principles of IFRS 8.




                                                        56
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

Geographical information

The Company is managed on a worldwide basis, but operates in three principal geographical areas, Canada,
USA, and UK/Europe.

In presenting the geographical information, revenue is based on the region in which the revenue is transacted,
and intellectual property is located. Assets are based on the geographic locations of the assets.

Year ended December 31, 2025                    Canada           USA      UK/Europe        Other          Total


Revenue                                   $      1,052 $        4,837 $       4,069 $      1,665 $       11,623
Non-current assets                                 705          3,900         4,349        1,414         10,368



Year ended December 31, 2024                    Canada           USA      UK/Europe        Other          Total


Revenue                                   $        929 $        4,504 $       3,293 $      1,341 $       10,066
Non-current assets                                 764          4,086         2,654        1,053          8,557



Major customers

No customer represents revenue in excess of 5% of total revenue in both the years ended December 31, 2025
and 2024.

24. Contingencies

In the normal course of operations, the Company is subject to litigation and claims from time to time. The Company
may also be subject to lawsuits, investigations and other claims, including environmental, labour, income and sales
tax, product, customer disputes and other matters. The Company believes that adequate provisions have been
recorded in the accounts where required. Although it is not always possible to estimate the extent of potential costs,
if any, the Company believes that the ultimate resolution of such contingencies will not have a material adverse
impact on the results of operations, financial position or liquidity of the Company.

25. Guarantees

    (a) In the ordinary course of business the Company and its subsidiaries have provided performance bonds,
        letters of credit issued that do not limit the borrowing capacity of the CSI Facility, and other guarantees for
        the completion of certain customer contracts and other contracts in the normal course of operations. The
        total obligations of the Company pursuant to such bonds and related contingencies total $104 (2024 - $82).
        No liability has been recorded in the consolidated financial statements.

    (b) As at December 31, 2025, in the normal course of business, the Company has outstanding letters of credit
        under the CSI Facility totalling $13 (2024 - $13) which limits the borrowing capacity of the CSI Facility on a
        dollar-for-dollar basis.

                                                          57
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024


    (c) In the normal course of business, some of the Company's subsidiaries entered into lease agreements for
        facilities. As the joint lessees, the subsidiaries agree to indemnify the lessor for liabilities that may arise
        from the use of the leased facility. The maximum amount potentially payable under the foregoing indemnity
        cannot be reasonably estimated.          The subsidiaries have liability insurance that relates to the
        indemnifications.

    (d) The Company and its subsidiaries have provided routine indemnifications to some of its customers against
        liability if the Company's product infringes on a third party's intellectual property rights. The maximum
        exposure from the indemnifications cannot be reasonably estimated.

26. Changes in non-cash operating working capital

                                                                                             Year ended
                                                                                         December 31,
                                                                                      2025            2024


Decrease (increase) in current accounts receivable                                $           56 $           (67)
Decrease (increase) in current unbilled revenue                                              (24)             0
Decrease (increase) in other current assets                                                  (56)            (70)
Decrease (increase) in inventories                                                             8              6
Decrease (increase) in other non-current assets                                              (16)            (36)
Increase (decrease) in other non-current liabilities                                         (23)            (64)
Increase (decrease) in current accounts payable and accrued liabilities,
  excluding holdbacks from acquisitions                                                       80             109
Increase (decrease) in current deferred revenue                                              (25)            66
Increase (decrease) in current provisions                                                     (6)            11


Change in non-cash operating working capital                                      $           (6) $          (45)




                                                              58
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

27. Related parties

Transactions with companies associated with key management personnel

The Company has entered into certain agreements primarily for the provision of hosting services with companies
that are affiliated with Robin van Poelje, the CEO of the Topicus Operating Group. For the year ended December
31, 2025, the Company expensed $3 (December 31, 2024 - $3) relating to these agreements, included primarily
included within “Third party license, maintenance and professional services” expenses. The payable as at
December 31, 2025 relating to these amounts was $0 (included within “Accounts payable and accrued liabilities”)
(December 31, 2024 - $1).

Key management personnel compensation

The key management personnel of the Company, inclusive of the operating segments, are the members of the
Company’s executive management team at the Company’s operating segments and head office and Board of
Directors.

                                             Years ended December 31,
                                                 2025        2024
Salaries, bonus and employee benefits       $           17 $          20
Total                                       $           17 $          20

There were no significant post-employment benefits, other long-term benefits, or share-based payments attributed
to the key management personnel in 2025 and 2024.

28. Non-controlling interests

Topicus:

Constellation’s equity interest in Topicus, a company based in the Netherlands, is 60.65% (39.35% being non-
controlling interest) as at December 31, 2025. On May 16, 2022, Topicus also acquired a controlling interest of
72.68% in Sygnity S.A. (“Sygnity”), a company based in Poland. The remaining 27.32% represents non-controlling
interest.

Adapt IT:

On January 3, 2022, the Company acquired a controlling interest in Adapt IT Holdings Limited (“Adapt IT”), a
company based in South Africa. As of December 31, 2024, the Company has an interest of 73.93% in Adapt IT
(the remaining 26.07% represents non-controlling interest).

Lumine:

The Company reflects an equity interest of 61.40% in Lumine, a company based in Canada, and a non-controlling
interest in Lumine of 38.60%.



                                                        59
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

The following tables summarize the information relating to the Company's non-controlling interests in Topicus,
Adapt-IT and Lumine as at December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024:

                                                                                                            As at December 31, 2025
                                                                                             Topicus Coop           Adapt-IT          Lumine
Non-controlling interest                                                                               39.35%             26.07%            38.60%

Current assets                                                                                            741                36                616
Non-current assets                                                                                      2,209                68                772
Total assets                                                                                            2,950               104              1,387


Current liabilities                                                                                     1,192                34               240
Non-current liabilities                                                                                   841                23               328
Total liabilities                                                                                       2,033                57               568

Less: Non-controlling interest of subsidaries, including interests held by CSI                             48                -                 -

Net assets after allocation of non-controlling interests (including interests held by CSI)                869                47               819

Inter-group eliminations                                                                                  (25)               -                     9

Total                                                                                                    844                 47               828

Net assets allocated to the non-controlling interests of subsidiary                                      332                  12              320
Add: Non-controlling interest of subsidaries not owned by CSI                                             27                 -                -
Total non-controlling interest                                                                           359                  12              320


                                                                                                            As at December 31, 2024
                                                                                             Topicus Coop           Adapt-IT          Lumine
Non-controlling interest                                                                               39.35%             26.07%            38.60%

Current assets                                                                                            472                36                453
Non-current assets                                                                                      1,123                59                835
Total assets                                                                                            1,595                94              1,288


Current liabilities                                                                                       727                27               218
Non-current liabilities                                                                                   316                23               391
Total liabilities                                                                                       1,043                50               610

Less: Non-controlling interest of subsidaries, including interests held by CSI                             47                -                 -

Net assets after allocation of non-controlling interests (including interests held by CSI)                505                44               679

Inter-group eliminations                                                                                  (16)               -                     8

Total                                                                                                    489                 44               686

Net assets allocated to the non-controlling interests of subsidiary                                      192                  12              265
Add: Non-controlling interest of subsidaries not owned by CSI                                             23                 -                -
Total non-controlling interest                                                                           215                  12              265




                                                                                       60
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

The following tables summarizes the information on the consolidated statement of income (loss) relating to
Topicus, Adapt-IT and Lumine for the year ended December 31, 2025 and 2024:

                                                                                                 Year ended December 31, 2025
                                                                                      Topicus Coop         Adapt-IT           Lumine
Revenue                                                                                          1,758              108                766

Expenses                                                                                        1,642               98                 615

Income (loss) before income taxes                                                                116                11                 151

Income tax expense                                                                                43                   4                32

Net income (loss) prior to non-controlling interest allocation                                    73                   7               119

Less: Non-controlling interest of subsidaries, including interests held by CSI                        5            -                    -

Net income (loss) after allocation of non-controlling interest                                    67                   7               119

Inter-group eliminations                                                                              (8)          -                        3

Total                                                                                             59                   7               122

Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests                                       23                   2                 47
Add: Non-controlling interest of subsidaries not owned by CSI                                      4               -                    -
Total non-controlling interest                                                                    27                   2                 47


                                                                                                 Year ended December 31, 2024
                                                                                      Topicus Coop         Adapt-IT           Lumine
Revenue                                                                                          1,400              101                668

Expenses                                                                                        1,202               96                 589

Redeemable preferred securities expense (income)                                                  -                -                   317

Income (loss) before income taxes                                                                198                   4               (238)

Income tax expense                                                                                37                   2                20

Net income (loss) prior to non-controlling interest allocation                                   161                   3               (258)

Less: Non-controlling interest of subsidaries, including interests held by CSI                        6            -                    -

Net income (loss) after allocation of non-controlling interest                                   155                   3               (258)

Inter-group eliminations                                                                              (6)          -                   262

Total                                                                                            150                   3                    4

Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests                                       59                   1                (25)
Add: Non-controlling interest of subsidaries not owned by CSI                                      3               -                    -
Total non-controlling interest                                                                    62                   1                (25)




                                                                                 61
CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(In millions of U.S. dollars or specified currency, except per share amounts and as otherwise indicated.)
(Due to rounding, numbers presented may not foot.)
Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024

Financial information on the statement of cash flows for Topicus, Adapt-IT and Lumine for the year ended
December 31, 2025:

                                                                                 Year ended December 31, 2025
                                                                       Topicus Coop        Adapt-IT           Lumine

Cash flows from (used in) operating activities                                        448           19                 236

Cash flows from (used in) financing activities                                        438          (14)                 (90)

Cash flows from (used in) investing activities                                    (754)             (8)                 (12)


                                                                                 Year ended December 31, 2024
                                                                       Topicus Coop        Adapt-IT           Lumine

Cash flows from (used in) operating activities                                        375           19                 116

Cash flows from (used in) financing activities                                    (228)            (16)                100

Cash flows from (used in) investing activities                                    (119)              0                 (149)



29. Subsequent events

On March 6, 2026, the Company declared a $1.00 per share dividend payable on April 15, 2026 to all common
shareholders of record at close of business on March 27, 2026.

Subsequent to December 31, 2025, the Company completed or has open commitments to acquire a number of
businesses for aggregate cash consideration of $707 on closing plus cash holdbacks of $80 and contingent
consideration with an estimated fair value of $16 for total consideration of $802. The business acquisitions include
companies catering primarily to the accounting, asset management, automotive, aviation, financial services,
chemicals, communications and media, enterprise resource planning, gas monitoring, local government,
healthcare, education, hospitality, insurance, legal, manufacturing, mining, policy and procedure management,
planning, procurement, retail, social compliance, real estate, gaming and telematics verticals and are all software
companies similar to the existing business of the Company.




                                                        62
