                       For personal use only




2017   ANNUAL REPORT
                                                   Financial Summary
                     JB Hi-Fi acquired The Good Guys on 28 November 2016, all amounts disclosed for the 2017 ﬁnancial year include The Good Guys
                     for the period under JB Hi-Fi ownership.

                    FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
                                                               2013               2014           2015            2016            2017              2017               Growth
                                                           Statutory          Statutory      Statutory       Statutory       Statutory       Underlying(i)         Underlying(i)




For personal use only
                    Sales                                        $3.31b         $3.48b          $3.65b           $3.95b          $5.63b               $5.63b               42.3%

                    EBIT                                        $177.8m        $191.1m        $200.9m         $221.2m          $268.2m               $306.3m               38.5%

                    NPAT(ii)                                    $116.4m        $128.4m        $136.5m         $152.2m          $172.4m               $207.7m               36.5%

                    Earnings per share                          117.7cps      128.4cps       137.9cps         153.8cps        154.3cps               186.0cps              22.4%

                    Total dividend - fully franked               72.0cps       84.0cps         90.0cps        100.0cps           118cps               118cps               18.0%


                    Sales $5.63b                                                 $5.63b
                                                                                                           EBIT $306.3m                                                $306.3m(i)




                                                                    $3.95b

                                                      $3.65b
                                          $3.48b
                             $3.31b


                                                                                                                                                         $221.2m

                                                                                                                                           $200.9m
                                                                                                                              $191.1m
                                                                                                                 $177.8m




                             2013        2014         2015          2016        2017                              2013         2014        2015          2016          2017



                    NPAT(ii) $207.7m                                            $207.7m(i)
                                                                                                           Stores
                                                                                                                                                                          303




                                                                    $152.2m
                                                                                                                                                          194
                                                      $136.5m                                                                                187
                                                                                                                                182
                                         $128.4m                                                                   177

                            $116.4m




                             2013         2014        2015          2016        2017                              2013         2014        2015          2016          2017
                    (i)    Underlying results exclude transaction fees and implementation costs totalling $22.4m associated with the acquisition of The Good Guys in
                           November 2016 and $15.8m of ﬁxed asset and goodwill impairments in New Zealand.
                    (ii)   Proﬁt attributable to the owners of JB Hi-Fi Limited, excludes non-controlling interests.


            JB Hi-Fi Limited ABN 80 093 220 136
                    Chairman’s and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer’s Report1
                    Dear fellow shareholder,                                                        Online sales in New Zealand for FY17 grew 5.3% to
                                                                                                    NZD4.9 million or 2.1% of total sales. We have recently
                    2017 has been a great year for JB Hi-Fi Limited. It is very




For personal use only
                                                                                                    launched a new website and are pleased with its performance
                    pleasing to report that the year ended 30 June 2017 was
                                                                                                    to date.
                    another record year with sales, profits and dividends all up
                    on the prior year and in November 2016 we successfully                          In light of the challenging recent financial performance in
                    completed the purchase of The Good Guys. The 2017 result                        New Zealand, fixed asset and goodwill impairments totalling
                    was driven by a combination of sales growth, a continued                        AUD15.8 million were recorded in the statutory FY17 results.
                    focus on growth in gross profit dollars and our low cost of                     This was a non-cash adjustment.
                    doing business, underpinned by our ongoing emphasis on
                                                                                                    We have completed a review of the New Zealand business and
                    customer service.
                                                                                                    are finalising a two year strategy to improve performance.

                    Overview
                                                                                                    The Good Guys
                    JB Hi-Fi Limited and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) achieved sales
                                                                                                    The Good Guys was acquired on 28 November 2016. For the
                    of $5.6 billion, up 42.3% on the prior year. Group underlying
                                                                                                    period under JB Hi-Fi ownership, total sales were up 0.2% to
                    EBIT was up 38.5% on the prior year to $306.3 million.
                                                                                                    $1.26 billion with comparable sales down 1.3%. Online sales
                    Group underlying NPAT was up 36.5% to $207.7 million and
                                                                                                    were $64.4 million or 5.1% of total sales. Total operating costs
                    Statutory NPAT was up 13.3% to $172.4 million. Earnings per
                                                                                                    were in line with expectations and store wages remained well
                    share was up 22.4% to 186.0 cents per share and the total
                                                                                                    controlled. Similar to the JB Hi-Fi business, the low CODB
                    dividend for FY17 was up 18 cents per share on the prior year
                                                                                                    remains a competitive advantage and will continue to be a
                    to 118 cents per share.
                                                                                                    focus moving forward. Earnings for the period under JB Hi-Fi
                                                                                                    ownership of $46.4 million were pleasing and in line with the
                    JB Hi-Fi Australia
                                                                                                    prior year.
                    JB Hi-Fi Australia total sales grew 10.9% to $4.15 billion,
                                                                                                    Terry Smart was appointed Managing Director of The Good
                    with comparable sales up 8.6%. Online sales grew 38.4% to
                                                                                                    Guys in April 2017. Since Terry’s appointment we have made a
                    $158.9 million or 3.8% of total sales, reflecting continuous
                                                                                                    number of positive changes in both the stores and at support
                    improvement across many aspects of the business’s digital
                                                                                                    office to position the business for future growth.
                    assets. JB Hi-Fi Solutions continued to grow and remains on
                    track to deliver on its longer term aspirational sales target of
                                                                                                    Stores
                    approximately $500 million per annum.
                                                                                                    We had 303 stores in Australia and New Zealand at
                    Gross profit increased by 11.7% to $922.8 million resulting in
                                                                                                    30 June 2017. In Australia, six new JB Hi-Fi stores were
                    a gross margin of 22.2%. CODB was 15.0%, down 21 bps
                                                                                                    opened and in New Zealand one new JB Hi-Fi store was
                    on the prior year. Total operating costs were in line with our
                                                                                                    opened. On acquisition of The Good Guys, we acquired 103
                    expectations and remained well controlled as the business
                                                                                                    stores. Since acquisition, one new The Good Guys store has
                    continued to deliver the high standard of customer service that
                                                                                                    been opened and two closed. There were 102 The Good Guys
                    JB Hi-Fi is known for. The business’s low CODB remains a
                                                                                                    stores open as at 30 June 2017.
                    competitive advantage and is maintained through continued
                    focus on productivity and minimising unnecessary expenditure.                   We continue to both review our existing store portfolio and to
                                                                                                    apply stringent store selection criteria to potential new sites to
                    Strong sales growth, combined with operating cost leverage,
                                                                                                    ensure that they offer a high level of foot traffic and convenient
                    drove strong earnings growth. EBIT was up 19.1% on the prior
                                                                                                    access for customers. This considered approach to our existing
                    year to $262.4 million while EBIT margin was up 43 bps at 6.3%.
                                                                                                    and new store locations means stores should continue to
                                                                                                    deliver comfortably in excess of their cost of capital.
                    JB Hi-Fi New Zealand

                    Total sales were down 0.3% to NZD234.0 million, with
                    comparable sales down 8.8%. Sales in the prior year were aided
                    by market wide demand for third party content cards. Excluding
                    the impact of these cards (NZD8.4m), total sales in New Zealand
                    were up 3.4%, with comparable sales down 5.3%.

                    1
                        Unless otherwise stated, all results disclosed in this report are underlying results which exclude transaction fees and implementation costs totalling



                                                                                                                                                                                 1
                        $22.4m associated with the acquisition of The Good Guys in November 2016 and $15.8m of ﬁxed asset and goodwill impairments in New Zealand.
                        CHAIRMAN’S AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S REPORT1 (continued)




                                                    Total Stores: 303*                                  JB Hi-Fi Limited regularly reviews all aspects of its capital
                                           (JB Hi-Fi: 201, The Good Guys: 102)                          structure with a focus on maximising returns to shareholders.
                                                                                                        Continued solid earnings growth and prudent management of
                                                                                                        our balance sheet, including relatively low gearing, enables us
                                                                                                        to consider various capital management initiatives.
                                                    1




For personal use only
                                                    2

                                                                   21
                                                                                                        The Board has declared a final dividend of 46 cents per share
                                                                   37
                                                     5                                                  fully franked, bringing the total dividend for FY17 to 118 cents
                                      14            10
                                      21                          30
                                                                  56
                                                                                                        per share, up 18 cents per share on the prior year. The Board
                                                                                3                       believes that our dividend payout ratio of 65% appropriately
                                                                                5
                                                                                                        balances the distribution of profit to shareholders and the
                                                                                        16
                                                         27                                             reinvestment of earnings for future growth.
                                                         51
                                                                            1
                                                                            3

                                                                                                                   FY17 dividend up 18.0% to 118 cps
                        * As at 30 June 2017

                        Synergy Update

                        We are pleased to confirm that we expect to achieve the
                        upper end of our synergy target of $15 million - $20 million.
                        This target is now expected to be fully realised in FY19, one
                        year earlier than originally anticipated, with approximately                                                                               118
                        half of the benefit to be achieved in FY18. We expect the                                                                     100
                                                                                                                                           90
                        remaining $2 million - $4 million of implementation costs to be                                       84
                                                                                                                  72
                        incurred in the first half of FY18. The synergies will be recorded
                        within earnings in each of the JB Hi-Fi and The Good Guys
                        businesses in FY18 and FY19 and are broadly split equally
                        between both businesses. We will continue to seek efficiencies
                                                                                                                FY13         FY14    FY15     FY16                FY17
                        and drive further synergies. Any upside to our original target will
                                                                                                                                Dividends (cps)
                        be reinvested in the businesses to strengthen their competitive
                        position and drive future growth.
                                                                                                        Board Appointment
                        We are very pleased with the opportunities that the combined
                                                                                                        In February 2017, we announced the appointment of
                        Group provides. Both JB Hi-Fi and The Good Guys have a
                                                                                                        Mark Powell as a non-executive director with effect from
                        proud history of delivering great value every day to customers
                                                                                                        13 March 2017. Mark has more than 30 years’ retail, wholesale
                        and, as we realise value from the Group’s scale, we will
                                                                                                        and logistics experience, having held senior positions with
                        reinvest in both businesses to strengthen their competitive
                                                                                                        many well-known retailers, including five years as Group CEO
                        position and drive future growth.
                                                                                                        of the Warehouse Group in New Zealand.

                        Group Balance Sheet, Capital Management and Dividends                           We are delighted to welcome Mark to the Board, he brings
                                                                                                        great experience across a range of areas as well as an in-depth
                        The balance sheet continues to grow in strength with relatively
                                                                                                        knowledge of The Good Guys business, and we are very much
                        low financial and operating leverage, evidenced by our solid
                                                                                                        looking forward to working with him.
                        fixed charges cover of 3.2 times, gearing of 1.6 and interest
                        cover of 28.8 times. All Group performance indicators are
                                                                                                        Board and Management Approach
                        influenced by the timing of The Good Guys acquisition, with
                        all ratios including earnings from The Good Guys from                           The Board recognises the importance of governance,
                        28 November to 30 June 2017.                                                    environmental and social matters to our shareholders,
                                                                                                        suppliers and customers and continually reviews and monitors
                        In November 2016, approximately $500m of term debt was
                                                                                                        developments in corporate governance which are relevant
                        drawn to fund the acquisition of The Good Guys. As part
                                                                                                        to the Group. The Board is committed to ensuring that the
                        of the acquisition of The Good Guys, we completed a 1 for
                                                                                                        Group’s business is conducted ethically and in accordance
                        6.60 fully underwritten, pro-rata, accelerated, renounceable
                                                                                                        with high standards of corporate governance.
                        entitlement offer of approximately $394 million on
                        6 October 2016. 15.0 million new shares were issued as part
                        of the entitlement offer.

                        1
                            Unless otherwise stated, all results disclosed in this report are underlying results which exclude transaction fees and implementation costs totalling



                2
                            $22.4m associated with the acquisition of The Good Guys in November 2016 and $15.8m of ﬁxed asset and goodwill impairments in New Zealand.
                    The relationship between the Board and management is                 Outlook
                    strong and remains engaging and constructive. It continues
                                                                                         We continue to invest in our store network, online offering and
                    to be an integral part of the Board’s strategy to encourage
                                                                                         Solutions business. These initiatives, coupled with a strong
                    innovation and diversification with new products, technology,
                                                                                         promotional plan, will position us well for growth in FY18.
                    merchandising formats, advertising and property locations in




For personal use only
                    a controlled and responsible manner. This approach provides          In FY18 we expect:
                    opportunities to increase revenue, margin and productivity.             to open five new JB Hi-Fi stores and continue to monitor
                    The Board firmly believes that equity participation for                   opportunities for new The Good Guys stores; and
                    management through the Group employee option plan                       total Group sales to be circa $6.8 billion.
                    maintains a strong alignment with shareholders and is a
                    critical tool in attracting new management, retaining existing       The key success drivers of the Group continue to be having

                    management and rewarding performance.                                the biggest range and the lowest prices, supported by a
                                                                                         talented and enthusiastic team. Your Board and management
                    Helping Hands                                                        team remain committed to maintaining this.

                    The JB Hi-Fi business’ workplace giving program, established         We look forward to another exciting and successful year in FY18.
                    in 2008 and known as Helping Hands, enables JB Hi-Fi
                    directors, executives and employees to donate to registered
                    charitable organisations. In November 2016, the Helping
                    Hands program was awarded Best Overall Program and Most
                    Innovative Charity/Employer Partnership at the Workplace
                    Giving Awards. JB Hi-Fi matches dollar for dollar regular            Greg Richards                Richard Murray
                    employee contributions through its payroll system, effectively       Chairman                     Group Chief Executive Officer
                    doubling the financial benefit to our community partners.
                                                                                         Melbourne,
                    Workplace giving programs have proved to be a very effective
                                                                                         28 August 2017
                    way for employers and employees to join together to support
                    the community.

                    Each week nearly 5,800 or 79% of the JB Hi-Fi business’
                    staff give to the program and, as recognised by the Australian
                    Charities Fund, make it one of the most successful workplace
                    giving programs in Australia and New Zealand. Through the
                    combined giving of JB Hi-Fi and its employees, we believe we
                    make a real difference to the charities in the program. In total,
                    including one-off campaigns since we launched Helping Hands,
                    we have raised $13.6 million for our charity partners across
                    Australia and New Zealand.


                    The Good Guys Workplace and Local Giving Program

                    The Good Guys business launched its own workplace giving
                    program in July 2017, under which it matches dollar for dollar
                    regular contributions which are made by team members,
                    effectively doubling the benefit to its national charity partners.

                    The Good Guys business also makes a donation for each
                    customer transaction to its national charity partners under its
                    Local Giving Program. Since the establishment of the Local
                    Giving Program in 2006, The Good Guys business has donated
                    more than $10 million to various charities under the program.




                                                                                                                                                            3
                              Annual Report
                              for the ﬁnancial year ended 30 June 2017




For personal use only
                                                                                                               Page
                        Governance, environmental and social statements                                              5
                        Directors’ report                                                                          17
                        Operating and ﬁnancial review                                                              22
                        Remuneration report                                                                        30
                        Auditor’s independence declaration                                                         56
                        Independent auditor’s report                                                               57
                        Directors’ declaration                                                                     61
                        Statement of proﬁt or loss                                                                 62
                        Statement of proﬁt or loss and other comprehensive income                                  63
                        Balance sheet                                                                              64
                        Statement of changes in equity                                                             65
                        Statement of cash ﬂows                                                                     66
                        Notes to the ﬁnancial statements                                                           67
                        Additional securities exchange information                                               101




                4                                                                   JB Hi-Fi Limited ABN 80 093 220 136
                    GOVERNANCE, ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL STATEMENTS




                    JB Hi-Fi Limited (“the Company” or “JB Hi-Fi”) recognises the importance of Governance, Environmental and Social matters to our
                    shareholders, suppliers and customers. The Board continually reviews and monitors developments in corporate governance which
                    are relevant to the Group (being the consolidated entity consisting of the Company and the entities it controls).


                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT

                    The directors and management of the Group are committed to ensuring that the Group’s business is conducted ethically and in




For personal use only
                    accordance with high standards of corporate governance.

                    The Board believes that, except as otherwise disclosed in this Corporate Governance Statement (see sections entitled “Code of
                    Conduct” and “Diversity”):

                    •    the Group’s policies and practices comply in all material respects with the 3rd edition of the ASX Corporate Governance
                         Council Principles and Recommendations (the “ASX Recommendations”); and
                    •    during the 2017 financial year, it has been compliant with the spirit of the principles contained in the ASX Recommendations.

                    This Corporate Governance Statement has been approved by the Board and is effective as at 14 August 2017.


                    THE BOARD

                    Role

                    The primary role of the Board is to protect and enhance long-term shareholder value. The Board is accountable to shareholders for
                    the performance of the Company and it directs and monitors the business and affairs of the Group on behalf of shareholders.

                    The Board’s responsibilities include: overseeing the business and affairs of the Group; setting (in consultation with management)
                    the strategic and financial objectives of the Group and overseeing management’s implementation of these objectives; monitoring
                    the performance of management; approving the adoption of the Group’s major corporate governance policies; reviewing the
                    Group’s policies on risk oversight and management; overseeing the reliability and integrity of the Group’s accounting, financial
                    reporting and financial management and disclosure practices; overseeing the Group’s process for making disclosure to the market;
                    and the establishment of a formal and transparent procedure for the selection, appointment and review of directors.

                    The Group Chief Executive Officer, who is accountable to the Board, is responsible for managing, directing and promoting the
                    profitable operation and development of the Group.

                    A copy of the Board Charter can be found on the Company’s website at www.jbhifi.com.au via the “Investors” and “Governance”
                    sections.


                    Composition of the Board / Selection and appointment of directors

                    The Board seeks to ensure that the combination of its members provides an appropriate range of experience, skills, diversity,
                    knowledge and perspective to enable it to carry out its obligations and responsibilities.

                    The Board believes that having a range of different skills, backgrounds, experience and gender ensures a diversity of viewpoints
                    which facilitate effective governance and decision making.

                    The Company believes that skills and experience in the areas listed below are desirable for the Board to perform its role effectively.
                    The Board considers that its current composition possesses an effective blend of these skills and experience which enables it and
                    its Committees to effectively govern the business, operate effectively and add value in the context of the Company’s strategy.

                    •    Executive/Management experience
                    •    Retail expertise and experience
                    •    Operational Management expertise and experience
                    •    Financial expertise
                    •    Property expertise
                    •    Mergers & Acquisitions expertise and experience
                    •    Governance expertise and experience
                    •    Other board experience
                    •    Experience in setting executive remuneration
                    •    Risk Management expertise and experience




                                                                                                                                                             5
                        GOVERNANCE, ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)




                        The Company maintains a majority of non-executive directors on its Board. The Board currently comprises seven directors,
                        being six non-executive directors, including the Chairman, and one executive director, being the Group Chief Executive Officer.
                        The Company has written agreements with each director setting out the terms of their appointment. Apart from the Group Chief
                        Executive Officer, directors are subject to shareholder re-election by rotation at least every three years. The Company provides
                        shareholders with all material information in its possession relevant to the election or re-election of a director.




For personal use only
                        A copy of the Company’s Board Composition & Succession Policy, which includes the procedure for the selection and
                        appointment of directors, can be found on the Company’s website at www.jbhifi.com.au via the “Investors” and “Governance”
                        sections. The Board will undertake appropriate checks before appointing any person or putting forward to shareholders a candidate
                        for election as a director.

                        Details of the directors as at the date of this report, including further information about their experience, expertise and term of office,
                        are set out in the Directors’ Report.


                        Independence

                        The Company considers that each of its directors (including the Chairman) is independent with the exception of Richard Murray, the
                        Group Chief Executive Officer.

                        The Board regards directors as independent directors if they: do not have a material relationship with the Company other than
                        solely as a result of being a director; are independent of management; and do not have any business or other relationship that
                        could compromise the independent exercise of their judgement and their ability to act in the best interests of the Company.
                        The independence of each director is considered on a case-by-case basis.

                        Richard Uechtritz was Chief Executive Officer of the Company between July 2000 and May 2010 and a consultant to the
                        Company from May 2010 to November 2013. Given the nature of the consultancy arrangements (and that Richard was not
                        provided with remuneration for that role but was, instead, allowed to retain options granted to him whilst he was CEO) and the
                        passage of time, the Board is of the opinion that Richard is an independent director, and that neither these previous roles, nor his
                        relationship with current management, compromises his ability to exercise independent, unfettered judgement or act in the best
                        interests of the Company.

                        Beth Laughton is a non-executive director and chair of the audit, compliance & risk management committee of GPT Funds
                        Management Limited (“GPT”), the responsible entity for the GPT Wholesale Shopping Centre Fund. Wai Tang is a non-executive
                        director and member of the audit committee and the risk & compliance committee of Vicinity Limited. The Board notes that each of
                        the GPT Wholesale Shopping Centre Fund and Vicinity Limited have ownership interests in a number of shopping centres in which
                        the Company currently leases stores. The Board is of the opinion that Beth and Wai are independent directors on the basis that
                        individual leasing arrangements at the Company, GPT and Vicinity Limited are generally determined at a managerial level rather than
                        Board level. In addition, the Company’s internal protocols provide that Beth and Wai would be excluded from any discussion and
                        decision making where any conflict of interest arises between their roles as a director of the Company and of GPT/Vicinity Limited.


                        Conﬂict of interest

                        If a conflict of interest arises, the director concerned does not receive the relevant Board papers, is not present at the meeting whilst
                        the item is considered and takes no part in decision making. Directors must keep the Board advised, on an ongoing basis, of any
                        interests that could potentially conflict with those of the Company. Directors are required to promptly disclose to the Board interests
                        in contracts, other directorships or offices held, possible related party transactions and any other material personal interests in a
                        matter relating to the Company’s affairs.


                        Board meetings

                        The Board meets regularly, dependent on business requirements. Prior to any meeting, the directors receive all necessary Board
                        papers. As well as holding regular Board meetings, the Board also meets to comprehensively review business plans and the
                        strategy of the Group.


                        Access to information and independent advice

                        Each director has the right of access to all relevant Company information and to the Group’s executives. Subject to prior
                        consultation with the Chairman, each director may seek independent professional advice at the Company’s expense.




                6
                    Professional development of directors

                    The Company recognises the need for its directors to develop and maintain the skills and knowledge needed to perform their roles
                    as directors effectively. The Company provides the directors with briefings and advice on developments in both the law and current
                    practice in areas relevant to the Company and their role as directors (including, for example, corporate governance, accounting
                    and remuneration). The Company does this using both the Company’s external advisors (including the Company’s auditors, legal




For personal use only
                    and remuneration advisors) and management (including the Chief Financial Officer and the Company Secretary & General Counsel).
                    Individual directors also take advantage of professional development opportunities provided by third parties such as the Australian
                    Institute of Company Directors and major accounting and legal firms.

                    The Company has an induction program for new directors.


                    BOARD COMMITTEES

                    Details of the Committees established by the Board are set out below.


                    Audit and Risk Management Committee

                    The Board has established an Audit and Risk Management Committee.

                    The Audit and Risk Management Committee is charged primarily with assisting the Board in its:

                    •    oversight of the reliability and integrity of the Group’s financial management, financial reporting and disclosure, and related
                         non-financial reporting and disclosure practices;

                    •    oversight of the independence, performance, appointment and removal of the external auditor; and

                    •    review of the Group’s policies on risk oversight and management, and in discharging its responsibility to satisfy itself that an
                         adequate and sound system of risk management and internal control has been implemented to manage the material risks
                         affecting the Group’s business, including compliance with all applicable laws.

                    A copy of the Audit and Risk Management Committee Charter can be found on the Company’s website at www.jbhifi.com.au via
                    the “Investors” and “Governance” sections.

                    During the 2017 financial year, the Audit and Risk Management Committee comprised the following non-executive directors, all of
                    whom were independent with relevant financial, commercial and risk management experience, including an independent chair who
                    is not the Chair of the Board:

                    •    Beth Laughton: Ongoing member and Chair of Committee;

                    •    Wai Tang: Ongoing member of Committee;

                    •    Stephen Goddard: Ongoing member of Committee since 29 August 2016;

                    •    Mark Powell: Ongoing member of Committee since 13 March 2017; and

                    •    Gary Levin: Member of the Committee until 27 October 2016.

                    Details of the background and experience of each of these non-executive directors are outlined in the Directors’ Report.

                    The Audit and Risk Management Committee meets regularly. Details of the meetings held and members’ attendance during
                    the 2017 financial year are listed in the Directors’ Report. Directors who are not members of the Audit and Risk Management
                    Committee may attend any Audit and Risk Management Committee meeting.


                    Remuneration Committee

                    The Board has established a Remuneration Committee.

                    The Remuneration Committee is charged primarily with reviewing and making recommendations to the Board regarding the
                    framework, structure and quantum of remuneration of executive officers and non-executive directors.

                    A copy of the Remuneration Committee Charter can be found on the Company’s website at www.jbhifi.com.au via the “Investors”
                    and “Governance” sections.




                                                                                                                                                            7
                        GOVERNANCE, ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)




                        During the 2017 financial year, the Remuneration Committee comprised the following directors, each of whom are considered by
                        the Company to be independent:

                        •    Greg Richards: Ongoing member and Chair of Committee;

                        •    Beth Laughton: Ongoing member of Committee;

                        •    Wai Tang: Ongoing member of Committee since 26 October 2016; and




For personal use only
                        •    Gary Levin: Member of the Committee until 27 October 2016.

                        The Remuneration Committee meets as required. Details of the meetings held and members’ attendance during the 2017 financial
                        year are listed in the Directors’ Report. Directors who are not members of the Remuneration Committee may attend a Remuneration
                        Committee meeting at the invitation of the Chairman when considered appropriate.


                        Nominations Committee

                        The Board has decided not to establish a Nominations Committee. Rather, the Board itself is responsible for:

                        •    establishing formal and transparent procedures for the selection and appointment of new directors to the Board;

                        •    appointment of directors to fill vacancies or as additional directors and ensuring that the Board has the appropriate balance
                             of skills, knowledge, experience, independence and diversity to enable it to discharge its duties and responsibilities effectively
                             (including the process for recruiting new directors);

                        •    induction programs for new directors;

                        •    selecting, appointing and regularly evaluating the performance of, and planning for the succession of, the Group Chief
                             Executive Officer; and

                        •    ensuring that internal procedures are in place for evaluating Board performance and the performance of individual directors and
                             Board Committees.

                        A copy of the Board Charter and the Board Composition & Succession Policy can be found on the Company’s website at
                        www.jbhifi.com.au via the “Investors” and “Governance” sections.


                        COMPANY SECRETARY

                        The Company Secretary is accountable directly to the Board, through the Chair, on all matters to do with the proper functioning of
                        the Board.


                        CODE OF CONDUCT

                        The Group acknowledges the need for directors, executives and employees to observe the highest ethical standards of corporate
                        behaviour. The Group has adopted a Code of Conduct to provide directors, executives and employees with guidance on what
                        the Group deems to be acceptable behaviour. During a transitional period following the acquisition of The Good Guys business by
                        the Group, the JB Hi-Fi business and The Good Guys business each had their own separate Codes of Conduct which applied to
                        their respective executives and employees. Accordingly, to the extent that the Group did not have a single Code of Conduct which
                        applied to all directors, executives and employees of the Group during this transitional period, the Group may not technically have
                        complied with recommendation 3.1 of the ASX Recommendations for the entire 2017 financial year.

                        A copy of the Code of Conduct can be found on the Company’s website at www.jbhifi.com.au via the “Investors” and “Governance”
                        sections.




                8
                    DIVERSITY

                    The Group recognises the importance of diversity and values the competitive advantage that is gained from a diverse range of skills,
                    backgrounds, experience and gender at all levels of the organisation. The Group has a Diversity Policy which is available on the
                    Company’s website at www.jbhifi.com.au via the “Investors” and “Governance” sections. The Diversity Policy was formally rolled out
                    to The Good Guys business after a transitional period following completion of its acquisition by the Group and, prior to this rollout,




For personal use only
                    The Good Guys had a separate diversity policy.

                    The Diversity Policy states that the Group appreciates that the different perspectives arising from diversity encourage an innovative,
                    responsive, productive and competitive business and create value for our customers and shareholders. The Group’s objective is
                    that Board appointments, employment and advancement decisions are based on merit, qualifications and competence, and that
                    employment opportunities shall not be influenced, affected or limited by discrimination. The Group believes that no barrier should
                    therefore exist that prevents this from occurring.


                    Gender diversity

                    As at 30 June 2017, the proportion of women engaged by the Group was as follows:

                    •       Board: 29% being 2 of 7 directors (2016: 33%).

                    •       Senior Management/Executive (excluding the executive director/Group CEO): 18% being 9 of 50 employees (2016: 12%).
                            For these purposes, Senior Management/Executive means:

                            •    the 5 executives listed on page 32 of this Report who were employed on 30 June 2017 and were classified as key
                                 management personnel of the Company as at 30 June 2017, excluding the executive director/Group CEO; and

                            •    the 45 next most senior managers of the Group.

                    •       Group: 40.6% being 4,812 of 11,848 employees (2016: 39.5%).

                    In March 2012 the Board set measurable objectives in relation to gender diversity. These diversity objectives and progress towards
                    achieving them are set out in the table below:

                                                                     Group1                                 JB Hi-Fi Business Only
                        Objective                                  June 2017      June 2017     June 2016   June 2015   June 2014    June 2013   June 2012

                        To improve the percentage of female
                        to male commissioned store sales              27%            25%            23%       22%          21%         21%            21%
                        staff over each of the next 3 years
                        To improve the percentage of female
                        to male store managers over the               14%            14%            12%       10%          10%         11%            11%
                        next 3 years
                        To improve the percentage of
                        female to male territory/regional/area        13%            14%            9%        9%           0%          0%             0%
                        managers over the next 3 years
                        To increase the percentage of
                        female senior managers over the               18%            14%            12%       8%           4%          5%          9.5%
                        next 3 years

                    1
                        JB Hi-Fi Group, including both the JB Hi-Fi and The Good Guys businesses.

                    Since setting these objectives the JB Hi-Fi business has taken the following actions:

                    •       developed systems to enable regular reporting and assessment of progress towards the adopted gender diversity objectives;

                    •       regularly reviewed employee pay to consider whether any gender based disparity exists;

                    •       developed part time and flexible work practices, with specific focus on return to work from maternity leave;

                    •       reorganised the managerial structure within stores, aimed at achieving greater female representation at management level over
                            the medium term;

                    •       ensured that female participation in leadership development programs is at least equivalent to the proportion of female
                            employees at that level in the organisation;

                    •       appointed four female area managers; and

                    •       conducted a Group-wide employee survey with specific focus on equal opportunity and diversity.




                                                                                                                                                             9
                        GOVERNANCE, ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)




                        Additionally, The Good Guys business has taken the following gender diversity initiatives:

                        •     reviewed employee pay to consider whether any gender based disparity exists;

                        •     established a diversity policy and equal opportunity policy which outline the business’ commitment to equal opportunity
                              throughout the employee lifecycle; and

                        •     established a flexible work arrangements policy and practices with a focus on return to work from maternity leave.




For personal use only
                        The Group is currently undertaking a review of its gender diversity objectives and the plans for achieving them. The Group will report
                        further on progress in this area in the 2018 Annual Report.


                        SHAREHOLDINGS OF DIRECTORS AND EMPLOYEES

                        Directors’ current shareholdings are detailed in the Directors’ Report and are updated by notification to the ASX as required.
                        The Board has approved and adopted a Securities Trading Policy setting out the rules and procedures applying to directors,
                        officers and employees dealing in securities.

                        Subject to certain specific and limited exceptions, directors and key employees may only trade in the Company’s shares, and
                        any other securities of the Company, during designated Trading Windows. These four week Trading Windows follow the release
                        of the Company’s Final Results (August/September), Interim Results (February/March) and the Annual General Meeting
                        (October/November). Directors and Group executives are required to obtain the Chairman’s consent in advance of any such trading
                        and any transaction conducted by directors in shares of the Company is notified to the ASX.

                        A copy of the Securities Trading Policy can be found on the Company’s website at www.jbhifi.com.au via the “Investors” and
                        “Governance” sections.


                        INTEGRITY OF REPORTING

                        The Company has put in place controls designed to ensure the integrity of its financial reporting and that the Company complies
                        with all regulatory requirements relevant to this reporting.

                        In accordance with the Corporations Act and the ASX Recommendations, the Group Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
                        Officer have stated in writing to the Board that, in their opinion:

                        (a)   the financial records of the consolidated entity (consisting of the Company and the entities it controlled for the financial
                              year ended 30 June 2017) for the financial year have been properly maintained in accordance with section 286 of the
                              Corporations Act;

                        (b)   the financial statements for the financial year and the notes required by the accounting standards give a true and fair view of
                              the consolidated entity’s financial position and performance, and comply with the accounting standards;

                        (c)   the statements in (a) and (b) above are founded on a sound system of risk management and internal control which is operating
                              effectively; and

                        (d)   subsequent to 30 June 2017, no changes or other matters have arisen that would have a material effect on the operation of
                              the risk management and internal control systems of the Group.

                        The Company’s financial statements are subject to an annual audit by an independent, professional auditor who also reviews the
                        Company’s half yearly financial statements. The Audit and Risk Management Committee oversees this process on behalf of the
                        Board. Deloitte has been the Company’s external auditor since 2002. The audit engagement partner is rotated every five years.

                        Information on procedures for the selection and appointment of the external auditor and for the rotation of external audit
                        engagement partners can be found in the Charter of the Audit and Risk Management Committee on the Company’s website at
                        www.jbhifi.com.au via the “Investors” and “Governance” sections.




                10
                    CONTINUOUS DISCLOSURE

                    The Company seeks to provide relevant and timely information to its shareholders and is committed to fulfilling its continuous
                    disclosure obligations.

                    The Board has approved a Continuous Disclosure Policy to ensure that the procedures for identifying and disclosing material price
                    sensitive information in accordance with the Corporations Act and ASX Listing Rules are clearly articulated. This policy sets out the




For personal use only
                    obligations of employees in respect of such information. The Group Chief Executive Officer, in consultation with the Chairman where
                    appropriate, is responsible for communication with the ASX.

                    A copy of the Continuous Disclosure Policy can be found on the Company’s website at www.jbhifi.com.au via the “Investors” and
                    “Governance” sections.


                    SHAREHOLDER COMMUNICATIONS

                    The Group’s websites www.jbhifi.com.au and www.thegoodguys.com.au contain an overview of the Group’s businesses and
                    their history.

                    The Company’s website (www.jbhifi.com.au) contains an “Investors” section which includes the following information for
                    shareholders:

                    •    all market announcements and related documents, which are posted immediately after release to the ASX;

                    •    details relating to the Company’s directors and executives;

                    •    Board and Board Committee charters and other corporate governance documents;

                    •    a calendar of forthcoming key dates such as the date of results releases and the Company’s AGM;

                    •    a summary of the Company’s dividend policy and its dividend payment history; and

                    •    details of how investors can contact the Company and its share registry.

                    Shareholders can elect to receive communications from the Company’s share registry electronically which also gives shareholders
                    the opportunity to manage their account details and holdings electronically. Shareholders are also able to send communications to
                    the Company and receive responses to these communications electronically.

                    A copy of the Company’s Shareholder Communication Policy can be found on the Company’s website at www.jbhifi.com.au via the
                    “Investors” and “Governance” sections.

                    The Company has an investor relations program which involves regular meetings with significant current and potential investors, and
                    with analysts and the financial media.

                    The Company holds its Annual General Meeting in Melbourne, to which all shareholders are invited. Shareholders who are unable
                    to attend can appoint a proxy to attend and vote or, alternatively, can vote electronically in advance of the Meeting. The Company
                    ensures that the external auditor attends its Annual General Meeting and is available to answer shareholder questions about the
                    conduct of the audit and the preparation and content of the auditor’s report.


                    RISK IDENTIFICATION AND MANAGEMENT

                    The Group’s policy is to consider the balance of risk and reward, as far as practicable, in order to optimise the returns gained from
                    its business activities and to meet the expectations of its shareholders.

                    The Board has delegated to the Audit and Risk Management Committee responsibility for overseeing the implementation of policies
                    and procedures aimed at ensuring that the Group conducts its operations in a manner that adequately manages risk to protect its
                    people, the environment and the Group’s assets and reputation. The Group has an effective risk management framework in line with
                    ISO31000 which enables management to identify and manage risk appropriately. The Committee regularly reviews and revises this
                    framework and it is approved by the Board on an annual basis. The risk management framework was last approved by the Board in
                    November 2016.

                    Risk identification and management is also a key focus of the executive and management teams.




                                                                                                                                                      11
                        GOVERNANCE, ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)




                        The JB Hi-Fi business does not have an internal audit function. Instead, risk identification and management for the JB Hi-Fi business
                        is managed on a day-to-day basis by a dedicated risk management team led by a Group Risk & Assurance Manager. The Group
                        Risk & Assurance Manager is a member of the JB Hi-Fi business’ senior management team, has direct access to the Chair of the
                        Audit and Risk Management Committee, and attends all meetings of the Committee at which risk management is considered.
                        Risk identification and management for The Good Guys business as well as internal audit is managed on a day-to-day basis by a
                        dedicated business assurance team led by a Business Assurance Manager.




For personal use only
                        A copy of the Group’s Risk Management Policy can be found on the Company’s website at www.jbhifi.com.au via the “Investors”
                        and “Governance” sections.


                        ECONOMIC, ENVIRONMENTAL & SOCIAL SUSTAINABILITY RISKS

                        Economic sustainability risks

                        Economic sustainability risks are risks to the Group’s ability to continue operating at its current level of economic production over
                        the long term.

                        The Group is exposed to a number of economic sustainability risks, which have a real possibility of substantively impacting on the
                        Group’s ability to create or preserve value for its shareholders over the short, medium or long term. These economic sustainability
                        risks (together with the Group’s strategies for managing these risks) are discussed in the “Business Strategies and Prospects”
                        section of the Operating and Financial Review commencing on page 27.


                        Environmental sustainability risks

                        Environmental sustainability risks are risks to the Group’s ability to continue operating in a manner that does not compromise the
                        health of the ecosystems in which it operates over the long term.

                        The Group does not believe that it is exposed to any environmental sustainability risks which have a real possibility of substantively
                        impacting on the Group’s ability to create or preserve value for its shareholders over the short, medium or long term.

                        Notwithstanding this, environmental sustainability is important to the Group and, accordingly, the Group has implemented
                        several initiatives to minimise the impact of its operations on the environment. These initiatives are discussed in the Environmental
                        Statement on page 14 and include participation by the JB Hi-Fi business in the Carbon Disclosure Project and the Australian
                        Packaging Covenant, as well as various recycling initiatives related to the products the Group sells.


                        Social sustainability risks

                        Social sustainability risks are risks to the Group’s ability to continue operating in a manner that meets accepted social norms and
                        needs over the long term.

                        The Group does not believe that it is exposed to any social sustainability risks which have a real possibility of substantively impacting
                        on the Group’s ability to create or preserve value for its shareholders over the short, medium or long term.

                        Notwithstanding this, the Group prides itself on conducting its business in a socially responsible manner and believes that it is
                        important to give back to the community. The Group’s initiatives in this regard are discussed in the Social Statement on page 15,
                        the most significant of which are the Group’s workplace giving programs and The Good Guys Local Giving Program.


                        BOARD AND EXECUTIVE PERFORMANCE

                        JB Hi-Fi monitors and evaluates the performance of its Board, Board Committees, individual directors, and executives in order to
                        fairly review, and actively encourage enhanced, Board and management effectiveness.

                        In June/July of each year, each director completes a written board review and assessment document, and subsequent one-on-one
                        interviews then take place between the Chair and each director which cover:

                        •    review of Board performance as a whole;

                        •    review of the individual director’s performance; and

                        •    review of the Chair’s performance.

                        The Chair reports back to the Board on the discussions and the Board considers any issues as necessary.




                12
                    Directors may also discuss the Chair’s performance with the Chair of the Company’s Audit & Risk Management Committee, who
                    will report back to the Board if necessary.

                    The Chair provides informal feedback to directors throughout the year as necessary.

                    Each Board Committee reviews its performance and reports the results of the review to the Board. Where necessary,
                    recommendations will be made to the Board for improving the effectiveness of the relevant Committee.




For personal use only
                    Review of the Group CEO’s performance is evaluated by the Chair, with ultimate oversight by the Board. This involves an
                    assessment against both financial and non-financial performance measures. All other Group executives are evaluated by the
                    Group CEO including: (i) assessment against both financial and non-financial performance measures; and (ii) a one-on-one meeting
                    between the Group CEO and executive to discuss the executive’s performance. The Group CEO provides a summary of the
                    evaluation of each executive to the Board and the Remuneration Committee.

                    Evaluation of the Board, Board Committees, individual directors and executives has been conducted in respect of the 2017
                    financial year.


                    DIRECTORS’ FEES AND EXECUTIVE REMUNERATION

                    Directors’ fees

                    The details of remuneration paid to each non-executive director during the financial year and the principles behind the setting of
                    such remuneration are included in the Remuneration Report.


                    Executive remuneration

                    The amount of remuneration, both monetary and non-monetary, for the executives who had authority and responsibility for
                    planning, directing and controlling the activities of the Group during the financial year, and the principles behind the setting of such
                    remuneration, are included in the Remuneration Report.




                                                                                                                                                          13
                        GOVERNANCE, ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)




                        ENVIRONMENTAL STATEMENT

                        The Group is committed to reducing the impact its business has on the Australian and New Zealand environments, and has
                        implemented several initiatives to help achieve this. The initiatives outlined below predominantly relate to the JB Hi-Fi business and,
                        where appropriate, the Group is considering the expansion of such initiatives to The Good Guys business.

                        Carbon disclosure project




For personal use only
                        The JB Hi-Fi business responds annually to the Carbon Disclosure Project (“CDP”). The CDP is a not-for-profit organisation that
                        collates and reports company environmental actions to external users such as investors and other corporations. The JB Hi-Fi
                        business has systems in place to ensure it is reporting and monitoring energy consumption and greenhouse gas emissions.
                        In addition, the JB Hi-Fi business seeks to identify opportunities and implement solutions to reduce energy consumption and
                        greenhouse gas emissions whilst maintaining its low cost of doing business.

                        The JB Hi-Fi business has provided its 2017 response to the CDP, but it is yet to be assessed. In 2016, the JB Hi-Fi business
                        received a rating of C- under the new CDP rating system.

                        Promotion of energy efﬁcient products

                        The JB Hi-Fi business participates in the Smarter Choice program in conjunction with the Victorian and New South Wales State
                        Governments. This program educates employees of the JB Hi-Fi business on how to best advise customers about the energy
                        efficiency of products. The Good Guys business also works with Energex in Queensland to promote PeakSmart air-conditioners,
                        which help reduce peak electricity demand.

                        Australian Packaging Covenant

                        The JB Hi-Fi business is a signatory to the Australian Packaging Covenant. This is a voluntary program involving both Government
                        and industry to ensure the environmental impact from packaging is reduced, measured and understood. Each signatory to the
                        Australian Packaging Covenant is required to have an action plan which sets out what the signatory proposes to do to contribute
                        to the Australian Packaging Covenant’s objectives and goals. JB Hi-Fi reports annually to the Australian Packaging Covenant
                        Council and signatories to the Australian Packaging Covenant are given a rating (out of 5) on their performance against their action
                        plan annually. The JB Hi-Fi business received a rating of 3.2 for FY2017 from the Australian Packaging Covenant Council for its
                        performance against its action plan (FY2016: 3.3).

                        Mobile phone recycling

                        Mobile Muster is an initiative of the Australian Mobile Telecommunications Association introduced to facilitate mobile phone
                        recycling. Since 2010, the JB Hi-Fi business has implemented this voluntary initiative to facilitate the return of used mobile phones
                        by customers.

                        Cartridges 4 Planet Ark

                        Both the JB Hi-Fi business and The Good Guys business are Cartridges 4 Planet Ark collection partners. This program enables
                        consumers to drop used printer cartridges in stores, where they are collected and returned for recycling and remanufacturing,
                        ensuring landfill is avoided. In FY2017, approximately 45,000 cartridges were recycled through the Group’s participation in this
                        program. Since the commencement of the Group’s participation in this program approximately 180,000 cartridges have been
                        recycled (in addition to cartridges recycled by The Good Guys prior to its acquisition by the Group).

                        Store recycling initiatives

                        Waste from business operations is recycled where possible. All stores have paper and cardboard recycling bins and certain stores
                        also recycle old appliances.

                        Support ofﬁces

                        The JB Hi-Fi support office and The Good Guys support office are both located in environmentally friendly office buildings.




                14
                    SOCIAL STATEMENT

                    The Group recognises the importance of social responsibility to our shareholders, employees, suppliers and customers. As one
                    of Australia’s and New Zealand’s leading retailers, the Group is committed to understanding how it can work with its employees,
                    customers and suppliers to ensure that it gives back to the community.


                    JB Hi-Fi’s workplace giving program – “Helping Hands”




For personal use only
                    Established in 2008, Helping Hands is the JB Hi-Fi business’ workplace giving program. In November 2016, the Helping Hands
                    program was awarded Best Overall Program and Most Innovative Charity/Employer Partnership at the Workplace Giving Awards.
                    Through this program, JB Hi-Fi directors, executives and employees are able to donate to registered charitable organisations.
                    The JB Hi-Fi business matches dollar for dollar regular employee contributions through its payroll system, effectively doubling the
                    financial benefit to its community partners.

                    The JB Hi-Fi business works with The Australian Charities Fund (“ACF”) in Australia to develop and maintain the program and, in
                    doing so, contributes to the Group’s vision of seeing significant social impact through employers and community organisations
                    working together. Through the combined giving of the JB Hi-Fi business and its employees, the Group believes it makes a real
                    difference to the charities in the program.


                    Helping Hands – Australia

                    The Helping Hands program in Australia involves over 5,800 JB Hi-Fi Australia employees (approximately 79% of total JB Hi-Fi
                    Australia employees) each making weekly contributions. This year over $2,100,000 has been raised and, since its inception, the
                    JB Hi-Fi business and its employees are proud to have raised more than $11,200,000.

                    The current charity partners to which contributions are made are Bush Heritage Australia, ReachOut.com, Medicins Sans Frontieres
                    (Doctors Without Borders), Sunrise Children’s Village (Cambodia), The Song Room, RedKite, Fred Hollows Foundation, Oxfam and
                    the Australian Animal Welfare League.


                    Helping Hands – New Zealand

                    The Helping Hands program was launched in New Zealand in May 2012 and involves over 280 employees (approximately 53% of
                    JB Hi-Fi New Zealand employees) each making weekly contributions. This year over $88,000 was raised and, since its inception,
                    over $330,000 has been raised. The current charity partners in New Zealand are ShelterBox, Kenzies Gift, Forest and Bird,
                    Youthline and Plunket.


                    The Good Guys’ workplace giving program

                    The Good Guys business launched its own workplace giving program in July 2017, under which it matches dollar for dollar regular
                    contributions which are made by team members, effectively doubling the benefit to its national charity partners.

                    The national charity partners to which donations are currently made are Berry Street, Circus Oz, Orange Sky Laundry, The Good
                    Foundation, Whitelion, KickStart for Kids, McGrath Foundation, Soldier On, Prostate Cancer Foundation of Australia, EdConnect,
                    Perth Children’s Hospital Foundation, Daniel Morcombe Foundation, HeartKids and RSPCA.


                    “Change for Change” – donation boxes in JB Hi-Fi stores

                    The Helping Hands program has driven the placement of “Change for Change” boxes in all JB Hi-Fi stores across Australia and
                    New Zealand. These boxes have been placed at point of sale locations to encourage donations from customers. All donations
                    collected are shared evenly amongst the Helping Hands program’s charity partners. This year over $54,000 has been collected in
                    Australia and, since inception, the program has raised over $540,000. In New Zealand approximately $27,000 has been collected
                    since boxes were first introduced into stores.




                                                                                                                                                      15
                        GOVERNANCE, ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)




                        “Employer Leadership Group” – founding partner

                        In addition to its contribution through Helping Hands, the JB Hi-Fi business is a founding partner of the Australian Charities Fund’s
                        “Employer Leadership Group” (“ELG”) that was formed in October 2010 to generate awareness of the benefits of workplace giving
                        programs across the leadership of Australian businesses. The goal of ACF is to achieve one million Australians giving to charity
                        through their place of work by 2020. Members of the ELG have demonstrated best practice in engaging with their employees




For personal use only
                        around community issues and are committed to leading the growth of the sector alongside the ACF. As a founding partner, the
                        JB Hi-Fi business seeks to play its part in encouraging workplace giving as a low cost and highly efficient way of generating funds
                        for the charitable sector and the Group CEO, Richard Murray, is Chairman of the ELG. In addition to the Helping Hands and Change
                        for Change contributions detailed above, from 2012 to 2017 the Group has made contributions to ACF totalling $225,000 in order
                        to support its initiatives.


                        The Good Guys’ Local Giving Program

                        The Good Guys business makes a donation for each customer transaction to its national charity partners under its Local Giving
                        Program. Since the establishment of the Local Giving Program in 2006, The Good Guys business has donated more than
                        $10 million to various charities under the program.


                        Doing Good Day and Christmas Giving campaigns

                        In 2015, The Good Guys business commenced two flagship national campaigns, Doing Good Day and Christmas Giving, under
                        which a range of products and gift cards are donated to individuals in need and not-for-profit organisations who have been
                        nominated by customers. These campaigns allow The Good Guys business to support local charities and community organisations
                        outside of its national charity partners who receive donations through the Local Giving Program.




                16
                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT




                    The directors of JB Hi-Fi Limited (the “Company”) submit herewith the annual financial report of the consolidated entity consisting
                    of the Company and the entities it controlled (the “Group”) for the financial year ended 30 June 2017. In order to comply with the
                    provisions of the Corporations Act 2001, the Directors report as follows:

                    The names and particulars of the directors of the Company during or since the end of the financial year are:

                    Name                                 Particulars




For personal use only
                    Mr Greg Richards                     Greg was appointed to the Board in December 2007 and was appointed Chairman of the
                    Chairman                             Board in June 2012. Greg is a member and Chairman of the Remuneration Committee and
                    Non-Executive Director
                    B.Ec (Hons)                          was Chairman of the Audit and Risk Management Committee from February 2010 until
                                                         May 2012. Prior to 2006, Greg had over 25 years’ experience in the investment banking
                                                         industry. Most recently he was with Goldman Sachs JBWere for over 19 years where he was
                                                         an equity partner for 17 years, working primarily in equity capital markets. Greg was also the
                                                         non-executive chairman of Vitaco Holdings Limited from August 2015 to December 2016.

                    Mr Stephen Goddard                   Stephen was appointed to the Board on 25 August 2016 and is a member of the Audit and
                    Non-Executive Director               Risk Management Committee. Stephen has more than 30 years’ retail experience having held
                    MSc. BSc (Hons)
                                                         senior executive positions with some of Australia’s best known retailers. These include Finance
                                                         Director and Operations Director for David Jones, founding Managing Director of Officeworks,
                                                         and various senior management roles with Myer. Stephen is currently a non-executive director
                                                         of GWA Group Limited and was previously a non-executive director and Chair of the Audit and
                                                         Risk Management Committees of Pacific Brands and Surfstitch Group Ltd.

                    Ms Beth Laughton                     After qualifying as a Chartered Accountant, Beth spent over 25 years in corporate finance,
                    Non-Executive Director               providing mergers and acquisition advice and arranging equity funding for companies in a
                    B.Ec, FAICD, FCA
                                                         range of industries including specialty retail. For 12 years her primary focus was on information
                                                         technology, telecommunications and entertainment. She is also a member of the Board of
                                                         GPT Funds Management Limited and Chair of its Audit, Compliance & Risk Management
                                                         Committee. Beth was previously a member of the Defence SA Advisory Board and its
                                                         Audit & Risk Management Committee, a non-executive director of Port Adelaide Maritime
                                                         Corporation, a non-executive director and Chair of the Audit Committee of both Sydney Ferries
                                                         and CRC Care Pty Ltd, and a non-executive director and member of the Audit Committee
                                                         of the ASX listed Australand Property Group companies. Beth was appointed to the JB Hi-Fi
                                                         Board in May 2011, became Chair of the Audit & Risk Management Committee in June 2012
                                                         and is also a member of the Company’s Remuneration Committee.

                    Mr Mark Powell                      Mark was appointed to the Board on 13 March 2017 and is a member of the Audit & Risk
                    Non-Executive Director              Management Committee. Mark has over 25 years’ executive experience in retail, logistics and
                    BSc (Hons), MSc, MBA (Distinction),
                    BApp. Theol, MA (Hons)              wholesale distribution in the UK, Spain, North America, Australia and New Zealand.
                                                        This includes being UK Logistics Operations Director for Tesco Plc, running Wal-Mart
                                                         Canada’s logistics operations and CEO of Warehouse Stationery in NZ. Mark also spent five
                                                         years as Group CEO for The Warehouse Group, New Zealand’s largest listed retail group
                                                         which includes Noel Leeming, NZ’s largest technology and appliances retailer. Most recently
                                                         he was an advisor to the board of The Good Guys for 18 months prior to its acquisition by
                                                         JB Hi-Fi. He is also currently ‘CEO-in-residence’ at Massey Business School and involved on a
                                                         voluntary basis with several not-for-profit organisations.

                    Ms Wai Tang                          Wai was appointed to the Board in September 2015 and is a member of the Company’s
                    Non-Executive Director               Audit & Risk Management Committee and Remuneration Committee. Wai has extensive retail
                    BAppSC, MBA, GAICD
                                                         industry experience and knowledge gained through senior executive and board roles.
                                                         Her former senior executive roles included Operations Director for Just Group and Chief
                                                         Executive Officer of the Just Group sleepwear business, Peter Alexander. Prior to joining the
                                                         Just Group, Wai was General Manager of Business Development for Pacific Brands. Wai was
                                                         co-founder of the Happy Lab retail confectionery concept. Wai is also a non-executive director
                                                         and member of the Audit Committee and the Risk & Compliance Committee of Vicinity Limited,
                                                         and a non-executive director of Kikki K, the Melbourne Festival and Visit Victoria. Wai’s former
                                                         directorships include Speciality Fashion Group and the Melbourne Fashion Festival.




                                                                                                                                                      17
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT (continued)




                        Mr Richard Uechtritz                     Richard has over 30 years’ experience in retailing. He was co-founder of Australia’s two
                        Non-Executive Director                   leading photo chains, Rabbit Photo and Smiths Kodak Express. He was also a director of
                                                                 Kodak (Australasia) Pty Ltd. Richard led the management buy-in of JB Hi-Fi in July 2000
                                                                 and was CEO and Managing Director until his resignation from these positions in May 2010.
                                                                 Richard re-joined the Board in April 2011 as a non-executive director. He is also a
                                                                 non-executive director of Seven Group Holdings Limited.




For personal use only
                        Mr Richard Murray                        Richard became Chief Executive Officer on 1 July 2014 having been appointed to the
                        Group Chief Executive Officer and        Board in June 2012. Richard has over 20 years’ experience in retail and finance. He joined
                        Executive Director
                        B.Comm, Grad.Dip.                        JB Hi-Fi as CFO in 2003 and took the business through the IPO process. Prior to this Richard
                        Applied Finance & Investment,            worked with Deloitte for 10 years. He is currently Chairman of the Australian Charities Fund
                        FCA
                                                                 Employer Leadership Group, which aims to encourage Australian businesses to set up
                                                                 workplace giving programs.

                        Mr Gary Levin                            Gary was appointed to the Board in November 2000 and retired on 27 October 2016.
                        Non-Executive Director                   Gary was a member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee and the Remuneration
                        B.Comm, LLB
                                                                 Committee.


                        Each of the aforementioned directors held office for the whole financial year and since the end of the financial year other than
                        Stephen Goddard, Mark Powell and Gary Levin as set out above.

                        Company Secretary                        Particulars
                        Mr Doug Smith                            Doug was appointed Company Secretary in June 2012. Doug joined JB Hi-Fi as General
                        BA (Hons). Admitted to legal             Counsel in September 2010 and has over 20 years’ legal and company secretarial experience
                        practice in Victoria & in England
                        & Wales.                                 in-house and in private practice.


                        Directorships of other listed companies

                        Directorships of other listed companies held by directors in the 3 years immediately before the end of the financial year are as follows:

                        Name                                Company                                                Period of Directorship
                        Greg Richards                       Vitaco Holdings Limited                                August 2015 (listed September 2015) –
                                                                                                                   December 2016

                        Beth Laughton                       Australand Holdings Limited, Australand                May 2012 – October 2014
                                                            Property Limited, Australand Investments Pty Ltd

                        Stephen Goddard                     GWA Group Limited                                      Since October 2016
                                                            Pacific Brands Limited                                 May 2013 – July 2016
                                                            Surfstitch Group Limited                               November 2014 (listed December 2014) –
                                                                                                                   December 2016

                        Wai Tang                            Vicinity Limited                                       Since May 2014

                        Richard Uechtritz                   Seven Group Holdings Limited                           Since June 2010

                        Gary Levin                          Baby Bunting Group Limited                             Since August 2014 (listed October 2015)
                        (non-executive director until
                        27 October 2016)




                18
                    Principal activity

                    The Group’s principal activity in the course of the financial year was the retailing of home consumer products. The Group offers
                    a wide range of leading brands with particular focus on consumer electronics, software (including music, games and movies),
                    whitegoods and appliances.

                    There have been no significant changes in the nature of the principal activity of the Group during the financial year other than as




For personal use only
                    detailed herein.


                    Operating and Financial Review

                    The Operating and Financial Review, which forms part of this Directors’ Report, is presented separately on pages 22 to 29.


                    Changes in state of affairs

                    On 28 November 2016 the Group acquired 100% of The Good Guys, a leading retailer of home appliances and consumer
                    electronics to the Australian market. The acquisition creates a best-in-class retailing combination and allows for significant
                    expansion of the Group’s capability in the home appliances market.

                    The acquisition of The Good Guys was funded through a 1 for 6.60 fully underwritten, pro-rata, accelerated, renounceable
                    entitlement offer with retail entitlements trading which raised approximately $394 million, with the balance funded through a
                    combination of existing debt facilities plus a new $450 million multi-tranche acquisition debt facility.


                    Subsequent events

                    There have been no matters or circumstances occurring subsequent to the end of the financial year, that have significantly affected,
                    or may significantly affect, the operations of the Group, the results of those operations, or the state of affairs of the Group in future
                    financial years.


                    Future developments

                    Information regarding likely developments in the operations of the Group in future financial years is set out in the Operating and
                    Financial Review and elsewhere in the Annual Report.


                    Environmental regulations

                    The Group is not involved in any activities that have a marked influence on the environment within its area of operation. As such,
                    the directors are not aware of any material issues affecting the Group or its compliance with the relevant environmental agencies or
                    regulatory authorities.


                    Dividends

                    In respect of the financial year ended 30 June 2016, as detailed in the Directors’ Report for that financial year, an interim dividend
                    of 63.0 cents per share and a final dividend of 37.0 cents per share, both franked to 100% at the 30% corporate income tax rate,
                    were paid to the holders of fully paid ordinary shares on 4 March 2016 and 9 September 2016 respectively.

                    In respect of the financial year ended 30 June 2017, an interim dividend of 72.0 cents per share was paid to the holders of fully paid
                    ordinary shares on 10 March 2017 and the directors have declared the payment of a final dividend of 46.0 cents per share, to be
                    paid to the holders of fully paid ordinary shares on 8 September 2017. Both dividends are franked to 100% at the 30% corporate
                    income tax rate. The total dividend for the financial year of 118.0 cents per share represents a payout ratio of 65% of underlying net
                    profit after tax (as set out on page 22).


                    Indemniﬁcation of ofﬁcers and auditors

                    The Company indemnifies current and former directors and officers for any loss arising from any claim by reason of any wrongful
                    act committed by them in their capacity as a director or officer (subject to certain exclusions as required by law). During the financial
                    year, the Company has paid premiums in respect of contracts insuring the directors and officers against any liability of this nature.
                    In accordance with normal commercial practices, under the terms of the insurance contracts the nature of the liabilities insured
                    against and the amount of the premiums paid are confidential. The Company has not otherwise, during or since the end of the
                    financial year, except to the extent permitted by law, indemnified or agreed to indemnify an officer or auditor of the Company or of
                    any related body corporate against a liability incurred as such by an officer or auditor.




                                                                                                                                                           19
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT (continued)




                        Directors’ meetings

                        The following table sets out the number of directors’ meetings (including meetings of Committees of directors) held during the 2017
                        financial year and the number of meetings attended by the members of the Board or the relevant Committee. During the financial
                        year, 18 Board meetings, 5 Remuneration Committee meetings and 7 Audit and Risk Management Committee meetings were held.

                                                                                                                                         Audit and Risk Management




For personal use only
                                                            Board of Directors                   Remuneration Committee                          Committee
                        Directors                        Held               Attended              Held               Attended               Held              Attended

                        G. Richards                       18                   18                   5                    5                   –                    –
                        S. Goddard                        12                   12                   –                    –                   5                    5
                        B. Laughton                       18                   18                   5                    5                   7                    7
                        M. Powell                          4                   4                    –                    –                   2                    2
                        W. Tang                           18                   18                   4                    4                   7                    7
                        R. Uechtritz                      18                   18                   –                    –                   –                    –
                        R. Murray                         18                   18                   –                    –                   –                    –
                        G. Levin                          10                   10                   2                    2                   3                    3



                        Directors’ shareholdings

                        The following table sets out each director’s relevant interest in shares, debentures, and rights or options in shares or debentures of
                        the Company, or a related body corporate, as at the date of this Report.

                                                                  Fully paid ordinary shares                                     Executive share options
                        Directors                      Direct number      Indirect number                 Total      Direct number      Indirect number                  Total

                        G. Richards                             3,455               23,031              26,486                    –                   –                     –
                        S. Goddard                              1,500                    –               1,500                    –                   –                     –
                        B. Laughton                             2,304                    –               2,304                    –                   –                     –
                        M. Powell                                   –                    –                   –                    –                   –                     –
                        W. Tang                                     –                3,700               3,700                    –                   –                     –
                        R. Uechtritz                           11,516                    –              11,516                    –                   –                     –
                                    (i)
                        R. Murray                           103,268                  2,304           105,572              322,105                     –            322,105

                        (i)   Excludes any options that may be granted by the Board in August 2017. The issue of any such options to R. Murray, the executive director of the
                              Company, is also subject to shareholder approval at the Company’s Annual General Meeting in October 2017.


                        Remuneration Report

                        The Remuneration Report, which forms part of this Directors’ Report, is presented separately on pages 30 to 55.


                        Proceedings on behalf of the Company

                        The directors are not aware of any persons applying for leave under s.237 of the Corporations Act 2001 to bring, or intervene in,
                        proceedings on behalf of the Company.


                        Non-audit services

                        Given the size and complexity of the Group, it can be in the interests of the Group to engage the services of its auditor to assist
                        in a range of related projects. The directors are aware of the issues relating to auditor independence and have in place policies
                        and procedures to address actual, potential and perceived conflicts in relation to the provision of non-audit related services by the
                        Company’s auditor.

                        In FY2017 the Group engaged its auditor to provide non-audit services in the form of providing an independent review of synergies
                        in connection with the acquisition of The Good Guys during the due diligence phase. As disclosed in note 29 to the financial
                        statements, the fee for the work in FY2017 was $35,200. This work is now complete and no further assistance from the Company’s
                        auditor on this project is anticipated. The directors are satisfied that the provision of these non-audit services during the year by the
                        auditor (or by another person or firm on the auditor’s behalf) is compatible with the general standard of independence for auditors
                        imposed by the Corporations Act 2001.




                20
                    Based on advice received from the Audit and Risk Management Committee, the directors are of the opinion that these services as
                    disclosed in note 29 to the financial statements do not compromise the auditor’s independence, for the following reasons:

                    •    all non-audit services have been reviewed and approved to ensure that they do not impact the integrity and objectivity of the
                         auditor; and

                    •    none of the services undermine the general principles relating to auditor independence as set out in the Code of Conduct




For personal use only
                         APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants issued by the Australian Professional & Ethical Standards Board,
                         including reviewing or auditing the auditor’s own work, acting in a management or decision-making capacity for the Company,
                         acting as advocate for the Company or jointly sharing economic risks and rewards.


                    Auditor’s independence declaration

                    The auditor’s independence declaration is included on page 56 of the Annual Report.


                    Rounding off of amounts

                    The Company is a company of a kind referred to in ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors’ Reports) Instrument
                    2016/191 dated 24 March 2016, and in accordance with that Corporations Instrument, amounts in the Directors’ Report and
                    financial report are rounded off to the nearest hundred thousand dollars, unless otherwise indicated.

                    Signed in accordance with a resolution of the directors made pursuant to s.298(2) of the Corporations Act 2001.

                    On behalf of the directors




                    Greg Richards                                            Richard Murray
                    Chairman                                                 Group Chief Executive Ofﬁcer

                    Melbourne
                    14 August 2017




                                                                                                                                                     21
                        OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW




                        OVERVIEW OF OPERATIONS

                        The Group, which includes both the JB Hi-Fi and The Good Guys businesses, sells the following products:

                        •       consumer electronics including televisions, audio equipment, computers and cameras;

                        •       telecommunications products and services;




For personal use only
                        •       whitegoods, cooking products, heating & cooling products, small appliances and kitchen accessories; and

                        •       software (CDs, DVDs, Blu-ray discs and games) and musical instruments (JB Hi-Fi business only).

                        The Group also provides information technology and consulting services.

                        The Group holds significant market-share in many of its product categories.

                        The Group’s sales are primarily from its branded retail store networks (185 JB Hi-Fi/JB Hi-Fi Home stores in Australia,
                        16 JB Hi-Fi/JB Hi-Fi Home stores in New Zealand and 102 The Good Guys stores in Australia as at 30 June 2017) and online
                        operations (JB Hi-Fi and The Good Guys websites). Sales are also generated from the Group’s commercial and education solutions
                        offer, JB Hi-Fi Solutions.


                        GROUP FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE – HIGHLIGHTS


                               Unless otherwise stated, all FY2017 results disclosed in this Operating and Financial Review are underlying
                               results which exclude transaction fees and implementation costs totalling $22.4 million associated with the
                               acquisition of The Good Guys in November 2016 and goodwill and ﬁxed asset impairment charges in relation
                               to the JB Hi-Fi New Zealand business totalling $15.8 million.



                                                                                                FY20171             FY2016                Mvt

                        Total Sales ($m)                                                        5,628.0            3,954.5           +42.3%
                        Underlying earnings before interest and tax ($m)                          306.3              221.2           +38.5%
                        Underlying net profit after tax ($m)                                      207.7              152.2           +36.5%
                        Underlying earnings per share (basic ¢)                                   186.0             151.92           +22.4%
                        Dividend per share (¢)                                                    118.0              100.0           +18.0%

                        1
                            Underlying results which exclude transaction fees and implementation costs totalling $22.4 million associated with the acquisition of The Good Guys
                            in November 2016 and goodwill and fixed asset impairment charges in relation to the JB Hi-Fi New Zealand business totalling $15.8 million.
                        2
                            In accordance with AASB 133, the comparative period (FY2016) EPS has been restated to reflect the bonus element of the entitlement offer
                            associated with the acquisition of The Good Guys in November 2016 (unadjusted FY2016 EPS: 153.8 cps).

                        Total sales grew by 42.3% to $5,628.0 million, underlying earnings before interest and tax grew by 38.5% to $306.3 million and
                        underlying net profit after tax grew by 36.5% to $207.7 million (statutory net profit after tax was $172.4 million, up 13.3% from
                        FY2016). Underlying earnings per share were up 22.4% to 186.0 cps.

                        This strong growth has been achieved through a combination of the organic growth of the JB Hi-Fi business and the
                        post-acquisition contribution of The Good Guys business (for the period 28 November 2016 to 30 June 2017).




                22
                    DIVISIONAL PERFORMANCE

                    JB Hi-Fi Australia

                                                                                          FY20171            FY2016                 Mvt

                    Total Sales ($m)                                                      4,148.6           3,739.4           +10.9%
                    Gross Profit ($m)                                                       922.8              825.8          +11.7%




For personal use only
                    Gross Margin (%)                                                      22.24%            22.08%            +16 bps
                    Cost of Doing Business (%)                                            14.96%            15.18%            (21 bps)
                    EBIT ($m)                                                               262.4              220.3          +19.1%
                    EBIT Margin (%)                                                        6.33%              5.89%           +43 bps
                    Stores (#)                                                                185                179         +6 stores

                    1
                        Underlying results excluding transaction fees and implementation costs associated with the acquisition of The Good Guys in November 2016.

                    Total sales were up 10.9% to $4,148.6 million (FY2016: $3,739.4 million) and comparable sales growth was 8.6%. Sales
                    momentum was solid throughout FY2017, with total sales growth of 10.1% and comparable sales growth of 8.4% in the second
                    half of FY2017 (following on from total sales growth of 11.7% and comparable sales growth of 8.7% in the first half of FY2017).

                    Hardware and services sales (all sales excluding Music, Movies and Games Software categories) were up 14.4% for the financial
                    year, with comparable sales up 11.9%, driven by the Communications, Audio, Cameras, Accessories, Computers and Home
                    Appliance categories. Software sales were -9.1% and on a comparable basis were -10.7%. By value, sales were split between
                    hardware and services at 88.0% and software at 12.0% (FY2016: 85.3%/14.7%).

                    Online sales in Australia grew 38.4% to $158.9 million or 3.8% of total sales (FY2016: 3.1%), reflecting continuous improvement
                    across many aspects of JB Hi-Fi’s Australian digital assets.

                    Strong growth in sales and gross profit, combined with operating cost leverage, drove strong EBIT growth. EBIT was up 19.1% to
                    $262.4 million from $220.3 million in the previous financial year. EBIT Margin was up 43 bps to 6.33%.

                    A continued focus on growing gross profit dollars saw gross profit increase by 11.7% to $922.8 million. Gross margin increased by
                    16 bps to 22.24%, driven primarily by sales mix.

                    Cost of Doing Business (CODB) decreased by 21 bps to 14.96%. In absolute terms, CODB grew 9.4%. Total operating costs were
                    in line with expectations. Store wages remained well controlled as the JB Hi-Fi Australia business continued to deliver the high
                    standard of customer service that it is known for. The JB Hi-Fi Australia business’ low CODB remains a competitive advantage and
                    is maintained through continued focus on productivity and minimising unnecessary expenditure.




                                                                                                                                                                    23
                        OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW (continued)




                        JB Hi-Fi New Zealand

                                                                                                FY20171         FY2016                Mvt

                        Total Sales (NZ$m)                                                        234.0          234.6            (0.3%)
                        Gross Profit (NZ$m)                                                        42.5            43.2           (1.7%)
                        Gross Margin (%)                                                       18.15%          18.42%           (26 bps)




For personal use only
                        Cost of Doing Business (%)                                             17.89%          16.33%          +156 bps
                        EBIT (NZ$m)                                                                (2.7)            1.0         (371.8%)
                        EBIT Margin (%)                                                        (1.15%)          0.42%          (157 bps)
                        Stores (#)                                                                      16           15         +1 store

                        1
                            Underlying results excluding goodwill and fixed asset impairment charges.

                        Total sales were down 0.3% to NZ$234.0 million, with comparable sales down 8.8%. As highlighted in FY2016, sales in FY2016
                        were elevated by market wide demand for third party prepaid content cards. Excluding the sales impact of these cards
                        (NZ$8.4 million), total sales growth was +3.4%, with comparable sales -5.3%.

                        Online sales in New Zealand for FY2017 grew 5.3% to NZ$4.9 million or 2.1% of total sales (FY2016: 2.0%).

                        Gross margin was down 26 bps on FY2016 to 18.2%.

                        In light of the challenging recent financial performance of the JB Hi-Fi New Zealand business in the last 12 months, fixed assets and
                        goodwill impairments totalling AU$15.8 million were recorded in the statutory FY2017 results. This is a non-cash adjustment.

                        The Group has completed a review of the JB Hi-Fi New Zealand business and is finalising a 2 year strategy to improve performance.


                        The Good Guys

                                                                                                FY20171

                        Total Sales ($m)                                                       1,258.4
                        Gross Profit ($m)                                                         267.6
                        Gross Margin (%)                                                       21.27%
                        Cost of Doing Business (%)                                             16.69%
                        EBIT ($m)                                                                  46.4
                        EBIT Margin (%)                                                          3.69%
                        Stores (#)                                                                  102

                        1
                            The Good Guys was acquired on 28 November 2016. The results presented are underlying results for the period of the Group’s ownership
                            (28 November 2016 to 30 June 2017) and exclude transaction and implementation costs associated with the acquisition.

                        For the period under the Group’s ownership (28 November 2016 to 30 June 2017), total sales were up 0.2% on the same period
                        in FY2016 to $1,258.4 million, with comparable sales -1.3%. Key growth categories were Cooking, Seasonal Products, Visual,
                        Refrigeration and Laundry.

                        Online sales for the period under the Group’s ownership were $64.4 million or 5.1% of total sales.

                        Gross profit was $267.6 million for the period under the Group’s ownership, with gross margin at 21.3%.

                        For the period under the Group’s ownership, total operating costs were in line with expectations and store wages remained well
                        controlled. Similar to the JB Hi-Fi business, The Good Guys business’ low CODB remains a competitive advantage and will continue
                        to be a focus going forward.

                        Earnings for the period under the Group’s ownership of $46.4 million were in line with the same period in FY2016.




                24
                    SYNERGY UPDATE

                    The Group expects to achieve the upper end of its synergy target of $15m to $20m. This target is now expected to be fully realised
                    in FY2019, one year earlier than originally anticipated, with approximately half of the benefit to be achieved in FY2018. The Group
                    expects the remaining $2m - $4m of implementation costs to be incurred in the first half of FY2018. The synergies will be recorded
                    within earnings in each of the JB Hi-Fi and The Good Guys businesses in FY2018 and FY2019 and are split broadly equally




For personal use only
                    between the businesses. The Group will continue to seek efficiencies and drive further synergies. Any upside to the Group’s original
                    synergy target will be reinvested in the businesses to strengthen the Group’s competitive position and drive future growth.


                    GROUP BALANCE SHEET, CAPITAL MANAGEMENT AND DIVIDENDS

                    The Group’s total net assets at the end of the financial year were $853.5 million, which was $448.8 million higher than at the end
                    of FY2016, with the increase relating mainly to the acquisition of The Good Guys and the consolidation of the assets of The Good
                    Guys into the Group’s balance sheet.

                    In order to fund the acquisition of The Good Guys, the Group entered into a new $450 million multi-tranche acquisition debt facility.
                    In addition to this acquisition debt facility, the Group also has:

                    •    a term debt facility of $200.0 million that expires in July 2018;

                    •    overdraft facilities of $80.0 million and NZ$10.0 million which are renewable annually; and

                    •    an additional seasonal bank overdraft facility of $50.0 million available during certain periods each year.

                    The financial covenants included in the Group’s financing facilities are leverage and fixed charges cover ratios. The Group has
                    complied with each of its financial covenants throughout the period.

                    At the end of the financial year the Group had total interest bearing liabilities of $558.8 million and cash on hand of $72.8 million
                    resulting in net debt of $486.0 million. The increase in net debt during the financial year of $428.1 million was primarily a result of
                    the approximately $500 million in term debt drawn down to fund the acquisition of The Good Guys.

                    As part of the funding for the Group’s acquisition of The Good Guys, the Company undertook a 1 for 6.60 pro rata entitlement
                    offer which raised approximately $394 million. Approximately 15.0 million new shares were issued as part of the entitlement offer.
                    Additionally, during the financial year a further 0.4 million ordinary shares were issued to employees under the Group’s share
                    option plans.

                    The total dividend for the 2017 financial year of 118.0 cents per share represents a payout ratio of approximately 65% of the full
                    year underlying earnings. The Board currently believes a 65% dividend payout ratio appropriately balances the distribution of profit
                    to shareholders and reinvestment of earnings for future growth. The final dividend for the 2017 financial year of 46.0 cents per share
                    fully franked will be paid on 8 September 2017 with a record date of 25 August 2017.


                    INVESTMENTS FOR FUTURE PERFORMANCE

                    Net cash outflow on investing activities was $885.5 million (up from $52.0 million in the prior year) and related predominantly to the
                    acquisition of The Good Guys. Other investing activities comprised capital expenditure as set out below.

                    Investments of $49.1 million were made during the financial year in capital expenditure projects, a decrease of $3.2 million from
                    $52.3 million during the previous financial year. These projects primarily consisted of new store openings, store relocations and
                    upgrades, IT and online projects.

                    These investing activities are anticipated to contribute towards earnings growth in FY2018 and beyond.




                                                                                                                                                              25
                        OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW (continued)




                        WORKING CAPITAL

                        Inventory levels were in line with internal expectations. Total inventory on hand increased from the previous financial year by
                        $313.5 million, driven primarily by the consolidation of the inventory of The Good Guys business. Inventory turnover in the JB Hi-Fi
                        business was 6.0 times (FY2016: 6.0 times).

                        Total creditors increased by $307.9 million to $647.8 million, driven primarily by the consolidation of the creditors of The Good Guys




For personal use only
                        business.

                        Financial and operating leverage remains low as is evidenced by solid fixed charges cover of 3.2 times (FY2016: 3.5 times) and
                        interest cover of 28.8 times (FY2016: 57.3 times). The Company’s gearing ratio increased to 1.6 (FY2016: 0.4), largely as a result of
                        the term debt drawn down to fund the acquisition of The Good Guys.


                        STORES

                        The Group’s sales are primarily from its branded retail store networks, located both in stand-alone destination sites and shopping
                        centre locations.

                        The store locations as at 30 June 2017 are set out below.




                                                                                                                 Total JB Hi-Fi Stores – 201
                                                                                                                 Total The Good Guys Stores – 102
                                                                     1
                                                                     2

                                                                                                21
                                                                                                37
                                                                      5
                                            14                       10
                                            21                                                30
                                                                                              56
                                                                                                                       3
                                                                                                                       5


                                                                                                                                    16
                                                                          27
                                                                          51
                                                                                                                1
                                                                                                                3




                        In Australia, 6 new JB Hi-Fi stores were opened in FY2017. One new JB Hi-Fi store was opened in New Zealand during FY2017.

                        Three new The Good Guys stores were opened (2 prior to the acquisition of The Good Guys by the Group) and 2 The Good Guys
                        stores were closed during FY2017.

                        In FY2018, the Group expects to open 5 new JB Hi-Fi stores. The Group continues to monitor opportunities for the roll-out of
                        further The Good Guys stores.




                26
                    JB HI-FI SOLUTIONS (COMMERCIAL, EDUCATION & INSURANCE)

                    The Group’s commercial, insurance and education business, JB Hi-Fi Solutions, comprises:

                    •    Corporate, Government & Education sales of products and services; and

                    •    Insurance replacements.




For personal use only
                    The business continued to grow in FY2017 and remains on track to deliver on its longer term aspirational sales target of
                    approximately $500m per annum, through both organic growth and strategic acquisitions . The Good Guys Commercial division,
                    which is in its early stages of development , has recently joined the broader JB Hi-Fi Solutions team.


                    BUSINESS STRATEGIES AND PROSPECTS

                    The following factors are considered important in understanding the strategy of the Group and the main opportunities and threats
                    that may have a significant effect on its results and its prospects for future years. These factors are listed regardless of whether they
                    were significant in FY2017.


                    Business risks

                    There are a number of factors, both specific to the Group and of a general nature, which may threaten both the future operating
                    and financial performance of the Group and the outcome of an investment in the Group. There can be no guarantee that the Group
                    will achieve its stated objectives or that forward looking statements will be realised. The operating and financial performance of the
                    Group is influenced by a variety of general economic and business conditions, including levels of consumer spending, inflation,
                    interest and exchange rates, access to debt and capital markets, and government fiscal, monetary and regulatory policies.
                    A prolonged deterioration in general economic conditions, including an increase in interest rates or a decrease in consumer and
                    business demand, may have an adverse impact on the Group’s business or financial condition. The specific material business risks
                    faced by the Group, and how the Group manages these risks, are set out below.

                    •    Competition – the markets in which the Group operates remain highly competitive and any increased competition from new
                         and existing competitors may lead to a decline in sales and profitability. The Group believes that its competitive advantages
                         and the plans for growth set out below will allow it to maintain its market leading position.

                    •    A loss or erosion of reputation – both the JB Hi-Fi business and The Good Guys business enjoy a high level of loyalty and
                         trust with customers. The JB Hi-Fi business ranked 3rd in the 2017 Corporate Reputation Index released by AMR and the
                         Reputation Institute (1st in 2014 and 2016, 3rd in 2012, 2013 and 2015), whilst The Good Guys business was awarded
                         the Roy Morgan Customer Satisfaction Award for Furniture/Electrical store of the year for the fifth time in six years in
                         February 2017. A decline in this high level of loyalty and trust could compromise the market leading positions of the JB Hi-Fi
                         business and The Good Guys business and adversely affect the Group’s operating and financial performance. This could occur
                         as a result of a wide range of factors or events, including:

                         •    a loss or erosion of the reputation of the JB Hi-Fi and The Good Guys businesses for price leadership and high levels of
                              customer service. The Group seeks to mitigate this risk through careful monitoring of its competitors’ pricing and market
                              share data, senior management monitoring of customer complaints, and use of customer service and engagement
                              analytics;

                         •    a major information security breach of the Group’s IT systems. The Group seeks to mitigate this risk through investment in
                              IT security measures;

                         •    a major workplace health and safety incident or customer injury. The Group seeks to mitigate this risk through having
                              appropriate occupational health and safety procedures in place for all of its sites; or

                         •    a significant breach of regulatory or legislative requirements. The Group seeks to mitigate this risk through appropriate
                              staff training on key regulatory and legislative requirements relevant to its business, as well as making legal and regulatory
                              compliance a key focus of the management team.




                                                                                                                                                          27
                        OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW (continued)




                        •   Consumer discretionary spending and changes in consumer demands – the Group is exposed to consumer spending cycles
                            and changes in consumer demands. A reduction in consumer spending and demand may lead to a decline in the Group’s
                            sales and profitability. The Group maintains its relevance using its strong market position supported by its everyday low price
                            proposition. The Group’s stores, which are both in convenient and high traffic locations, seek to maximise both destination and
                            impulse sales. The Group also closely monitors changes in the economic environment, consumer demand and new products,
                            and is able to respond quickly to such changes.




For personal use only
                        •   Online competition taking sales from the Group’s stores – the Group seeks to provide customers with a quality online offer,
                            while leveraging the benefits of its physical stores. The Group continues to innovate both in-store and online in order to give
                            customers the choice as to how to transact with the JB Hi-Fi and The Good Guys businesses. The Group’s market leadership
                            drives significant buying power which enables the Group to compete successfully with online players as does its low cost of
                            doing business. The Group also believes that the existence of its store networks will continue to provide confidence in
                            after-sales service and support to its online customers.

                        •   Digitisation of physical software leading to a fall in traditional software sales – the JB Hi-Fi business will maintain a software
                            presence in store while the category is still providing solid returns.

                        •   Failure to maintain key supplier relationships – a failure to maintain key supplier relationships could adversely impact on the
                            Group’s operating and financial performance. However, the Group has significant supplier management processes to mitigate
                            this risk and, whilst at any one time certain products and suppliers are more important than others, the large and diverse range
                            of products stocked by the JB Hi-Fi and The Good Guys businesses means that reliance on any one supplier or product is less
                            than for some smaller competitors. In addition, the JB Hi-Fi and The Good Guys businesses have proven records of expansion
                            into new product categories and introducing new brands, rather than remaining reliant on those products and brands which
                            were successful in previous years.

                        •   Acquisition of The Good Guys business – the acquisition of The Good Guys business does not deliver the expected outcomes
                            for the Group. For example, The Good Guys business does not, itself, perform as expected or the acquisition has an adverse
                            effect on the performance of the JB Hi-Fi business due to, for example, management being preoccupied with The Good
                            Guys business. The Group has developed a detailed integration plan for the businesses where appropriate, and has recently
                            appointed a new Managing Director to The Good Guys business.

                        •   Transition of some of The Good Guys stores to a wholly-owned corporate model which were previously operated under a joint
                            venture structure – this transition may cause a decline in earnings performance of these The Good Guys stores. The Good
                            Guys business has implemented a transition plan to mitigate the impact of the transition on these stores.

                        •   Increasing cost of doing business – certain costs of doing business are outside of the Group’s control. For example, the
                            Group’s cost of doing business is impacted by the annual Fair Work Award wage reviews (which have resulted in increases
                            totalling 14.2% over the past 5 years to 30 June 2017), and rising energy costs. However, the increasing scale of the Group’s
                            operations continues to deliver cost reductions which mean that higher wage costs can be offset to some extent by cost
                            reductions in other areas.

                        •   Price deflation – this has always been a feature of consumer electronics retail but has mostly been mitigated by increased
                            volumes and technological advancements.

                        •   Leasing arrangements – the ability to identify suitable sites and negotiate suitable leasing terms for new and existing stores is
                            key to the Group’s ongoing growth and profitability. The Group believes that it will continue to be able to do this as it has done
                            successfully to date.

                        •   Loss of, or inability to attract and retain, key staff – the Group’s ability to attract and retain talented staff is critical to its
                            operating and financial performance. In recognition of this, succession planning and executive/senior management team
                            composition is a key focus for the Board and Group executive team.

                        •   IT systems – the Group’s increasing reliance on IT systems means that outages, disruptions and security breaches could have
                            a detrimental impact on its operating and financial performance, and any failure to maintain and upgrade its IT systems over
                            time has the potential to inhibit the achievement of the Group’s business initiatives. To mitigate these risks, the Group has
                            documented disaster recovery processes (including off-site IT back-up infrastructure) and invests in IT security measures.
                            The Group also continues to invest and develop its IT resources and capabilities.




                28
                    •    Changes in regulatory environment – changes in the regulatory environment in which the Group operates may increase
                         compliance costs, and even (in extreme cases) affect the ability of the Group to sell certain types of products and services or
                         conduct certain activities. Whilst such changes are outside the control of the Group, the Group monitors proposed changes
                         in the regulatory environment so that it can assess the impact of such changes and develop appropriate response strategies
                         where possible.




For personal use only
                    •    Finance – inability to access financing facilities. Details of the Group’s financing facilities are set out on page 25.

                    •    Changes to Australian Accounting Standards – the Australian Accounting Standards are set by the Australian Accounting
                         Standards Board (AASB). Changes to the Australian Accounting Standards issued by AASB could adversely affect the financial
                         performance and position reported in the Group’s financial statements.

                    •    Litigation/breach of legal or regulatory requirements – legal proceedings and claims may arise from time to time in the ordinary
                         course of the Group’s businesses and may result in high legal costs, adverse monetary judgements and/or damage to
                         the Group’s businesses which could have an adverse impact on the Group’s financial position and financial performance.
                         Additionally, a significant breach of regulatory requirements or laws could adversely impact the Group’s ability to carry on its
                         business. The Group seeks to mitigate this risk through appropriate staff training on key regulatory and legislative requirements
                         relevant to its business, as well as making legal and regulatory compliance a key focus of the management team.


                    Strategies to drive growth

                    The Group believes that the following strategies/factors will continue to drive growth in sales and earnings:

                    •    continued roll-out of stores in Australia and New Zealand with a pipeline of new properties which will continue to deliver in
                         excess of their cost of capital. Shorter lease terms will be considered where appropriate to provide flexibility;

                    •    proactive management of store portfolio with continuation of the Group’s disciplined approach to selecting new stores based
                         on high foot traffic and closure of underperforming or sub-scale existing stores;

                    •    continued focus on customer service and in-store experience;

                    •    continued growth opportunities in many categories and in market share, both in physical stores and online;

                    •    continued technological innovation and the launch of new products and updated models will continue to drive new and
                         replacement sales;

                    •    realisation of synergies and efficiencies from the acquisition of The Good Guys;

                    •    focus on growing gross profit dollars and maintaining gross margin, but not at the expense of sales;

                    •    continued development of the Group’s websites, aimed at enhancing the user experience across multiple platforms
                         (e.g. computer, tablet & phone) to drive continued growth in online sales;

                    •    expansion of the online product range and depth beyond that which is practical in store;

                    •    significant opportunities to grow JB Hi-Fi Solutions and expand into new markets;

                    •    improved supply chain and logistics systems to support the Group’s expansion; and

                    •    continued mitigation of the business risks faced by the Group detailed on pages 27 to 29.


                    TRADING OUTLOOK– as at 14 August 2017

                    July 2017 sales update

                    •    total sales growth for the JB Hi-Fi business in July 2017 was 8.8% (July 2016: 13.4%) with comparable sales growth of 5.8%
                         (July 2016: +9.5%); and

                    •    total sales growth for The Good Guys business in July 2017 was 6.8% with comparable sales growth of 5.7%.


                    FY2018 Guidance

                    In FY2018 the Group expects:

                    •    to open 5 new JB Hi-Fi stores and to continue to monitor opportunities for new The Good Guys stores; and

                    •    total sales to be circa $6.8 billion (JB Hi-Fi: $4.65 billion and The Good Guys: $2.15 billion).




                                                                                                                                                         29
                        REMUNERATION REPORT (audited)




                        CONTENTS

                        •   Summary (page 30)

                        •   Group Executive Remuneration for FY2017 (page 32)

                        •   Group Executive Remuneration for FY2018 – Key Changes (page 39)




For personal use only
                        •   Non-Executive Director Remuneration (page 41)

                        •   Other Information (page 42)

                        •   Key Management Personnel Compensation (page 43)

                        •   Key Management Personnel Equity/Options (page 47)

                        •   Share Options (page 52)


                        SUMMARY


                        Remuneration Overview

                        The Board recognises that the performance of the Group depends on the quality and motivation of its people, including both the
                        Group executives (being those persons listed as Group executives on page 32) and the approximately 11,800 employees of the
                        Group across Australia and New Zealand. The Company’s remuneration strategy seeks to appropriately reward, incentivise and
                        retain key employees. The Board aims to achieve this by setting competitive remuneration packages that include a mix of fixed
                        remuneration and short and long-term incentives (“packages”).


                        Snapshot – FY2017 Remuneration

                        The 2017 financial year has been a successful year for the Group, with the Group having successfully completed the acquisition of
                        The Good Guys and management having delivered record revenue, EBIT and EPS. These achievements have been reflected in
                        FY2017 executive remuneration.

                        •   Fixed remuneration and remuneration packages: Fixed remuneration for Group executives (comprising base salary,
                            motor vehicle allowances and superannuation) increased by between 3.0% (Richard Murray) and 14.3% (Nick Wells).
                            Total remuneration packages increased by between 3.1% (Peter Green) and 14.3% (Nick Wells), the latter reflecting the fact
                            that the Group Chief Financial Officer was promoted on a relatively low remuneration package and that the Board is now
                            starting to bring his remuneration package into line with his peers. Richard Murray’s total remuneration package increased by
                            10.9%, primarily as a result of increased long term incentives, all of which contain 3, 4 and 5 year performance conditions,
                            with fixed remuneration and short term incentives increasing by 3.0%. Remuneration increases were set with reference to
                            external benchmarking and changes of roles and responsibilities during FY2017. Remuneration packages for Richard Murray
                            and Nick Wells remained significantly lower than the FY2014 remuneration packages for their predecessors.

                        •   Short term incentive: The Company’s short term incentive plan rewards performance against both financial and
                            non-financial measures. For FY2017, all STI performance conditions were achieved, resulting in 100% of the available short
                            term incentive (“STI”) being payable to each Group executive. The Board notes that this is the first year in which 100% of
                            available STIs will be paid to all Group executives since FY2009. 20% of the short term incentive earned by each Group
                            executive for FY2017 is “deferred” and issued in shares which are subject to a restriction on sale/disposal for 1 year after issue
                            (up from 10% in FY2016).

                        •   Long-term incentives: All long-term incentives (“LTI”) issued to Group executives in FY2017 are in the form of zero exercise
                            price options and are subject to both service and performance based conditions. Some of the options issued to Group
                            executives in previous years vested in FY2017.

                        •   Fees for Non-Executive Directors: Fees for non-executive directors were increased from the levels set in FY2015 to take
                            account of inflation.




                30
                    2018 Remuneration Packages – Key Changes

                    In setting FY2018 Group executive remuneration packages, the Company has decided to make the following changes:

                    •    FY2018 remuneration packages: The Group’s executive remuneration packages will be more heavily geared towards
                         “at risk” remuneration (long and short term incentives) and less toward fixed remuneration than their FY2017 remuneration
                         packages.




For personal use only
                    •    Increased STI performance hurdles: As a result of a number of one-off expenses in FY2017, relating to the transaction
                         and implementation costs associated with The Good Guys acquisition and the impairment of fixed assets and goodwill of
                         the New Zealand business, statutory EBIT in FY2017 was lower than underlying operating EBIT. As the Board uses statutory
                         EBIT to measure performance, higher performance hurdles for the Group quantitative element of executive STI will apply for
                         FY2018 being 23% - 34% statutory EBIT growth (compared to 0% - 10% for the FY2017 STI). These hurdles are equivalent
                         to 0% - 10% growth from FY2017 underlying EBIT (adjusted to include a full 12 months of The Good Guys’ earnings) and are
                         consistent with STI hurdles in recent years.

                    •    Increased LTI performance hurdles: For the same reasons, higher performance hurdles for LTI will apply being 9% - 15%
                         compound annual statutory EPS growth (compared to 4% - 8% for the FY2017 LTI grant). These hurdles are equivalent to
                         approximately 5% - 10% compound annual underlying EPS growth, an increase from the hurdles of 4% - 8% compound
                         annual growth applying to the FY2017 LTI grant.

                    •    Revised vesting schedule for LTI: LTI granted in FY2018 will vest a half each on the third and fourth anniversary of grant
                         (compared to the FY2017 grant which vest a third each on the third, fourth and fifth anniversary of grant).

                    Further detail is provided on page 39 of this Report.

                    The Board recognises the need to remain competitive in the market in order to continue to attract and retain talented directors and
                    has therefore decided to increase non-executive director fees for the 2018 financial year. Further detail is provided on page 42 of
                    this Report.




                                                                                                                                                      31
                        REMUNERATION REPORT (continued)




                        GROUP EXECUTIVE REMUNERATION FOR FY2017

                        Details of executive key management personnel

                        The following persons acted as executive directors and/or Group executives during and since the end of the financial year and are
                        considered members of key management personnel for reporting purposes:

                        Executive Director




For personal use only
                        Richard Murray                  Group Chief Executive Officer

                        Executives

                        Cameron Trainor                 Managing Director – JB Hi-Fi (Merchandise Director prior to 27 October 2016)
                        Terry Smart                     Managing Director – The Good Guys (from 18 April 2017)
                        Nick Wells                      Chief Financial Officer
                        Tim Carter                      Supply Chain & JB Hi-Fi Solutions Director
                        James Saretta                   Strategy & Digital Director

                        Peter Green                     Operations Director – JB Hi-Fi (ongoing JB Hi-Fi executive but member of key management
                                                        personnel for reporting purposes from 1 July 2016 to 27 November 2016)
                        Simon Page                      Chief Information Officer – JB Hi-Fi (ongoing JB Hi-Fi executive but member of key management
                                                        personnel for reporting purposes from 1 July 2016 to 27 November 2016)
                        Michael Ford                    Chief Executive Officer – The Good Guys (from 28 November 2016 to 28 April 2017)

                        As a result of a change in the structure and designation of key management personnel of the Group following the Group’s
                        acquisition of The Good Guys, the roles of Operations Director – JB Hi-Fi and Chief Information Officer – JB Hi-Fi were no longer
                        classified as key management personnel of the Group for reporting purposes from 28 November 2016 onwards.


                        Group executive remuneration policy – 2017 ﬁnancial year

                        The Board believes that executive remuneration should be fair and reasonable, structured effectively to attract, motivate, retain and
                        reward valued executives, and designed to produce value for shareholders.

                        The Remuneration Committee annually reviews the remuneration packages of all Group executives and makes recommendations
                        to the Board. Remuneration packages are reviewed with due regard to performance and data on remuneration paid by comparable
                        companies. Where appropriate, the Remuneration Committee may receive expert independent advice regarding remuneration levels
                        required to attract, retain and compensate Group executives given the nature of their work and responsibilities.

                        In setting the FY2017 remuneration packages, the Board and the Remuneration Committee considered a number of factors,
                        including benchmarking analysis and current market practice.

                        Remuneration packages for Richard Murray (Group CEO) and Nick Wells (CFO) remained lower than the FY2014 packages for
                        their predecessors in these roles, partly as a result of the relatively low packages for these executives when they were appointed
                        in 2014 which allowed scope for increases as the executives gained experience and performed in these roles. A similar approach
                        was adopted in setting a remuneration package for Tim Carter (Supply Chain & JB Hi-Fi Solutions Director) who joined the Group
                        as Online & Commercial Director in September 2014. The remuneration package for Cameron Trainor increased as a result of his
                        appointment as Managing Director of the JB Hi-Fi business following the Group’s acquisition of The Good Guys business.




                32
                    The Remuneration Committee also considers current market conventions with regard to the splits between fixed, short-term and
                    long-term incentive elements. The splits for FY2017 were as follows, reflecting higher weighting towards LTI for the Group CEO than
                    in previous years:

                        Executive                                      Fixed                    STI                     LTI                    Total

                        R. Murray                                      36%                     28%                     36%                     100%




For personal use only
                        C. Trainor                                     44%                     30%                     26%                     100%
                        T. Smart                                       37%                     36%                     27%                     100%
                        N. Wells, T. Carter,
                        J. Saretta, P. Green, S. Page                  46%                     27%                     27%                     100%
                        M. Ford                                        43%                     32%                     25%                    100%


                    Further details on each of the key elements of Group executive remuneration for the 2017 financial year are set out below.


                    Fixed Remuneration

                    Fixed remuneration is paid by way of base salary, motor vehicle allowances and superannuation. No elements of fixed remuneration
                    are dependent on performance conditions.


                    Short-term Incentive

                    For FY2017 20% of the short term incentive earned by each Group executive is “deferred” so that the executive receives 80% of the
                    FY2017 STI to which they are entitled in cash, and the remaining 20% in shares which are subject to a restriction on sale/disposal
                    for 1 year after issue. This represents an increase in the deferred element from FY2016 STIs (10% deferred). Further detail is set
                    out below.

                    •      the number of shares granted to the executive will be calculated on the basis of the volume weighted average share price for
                           the Company’s shares in the ten days following the release of the Company’s FY2017 results to the ASX;

                    •      these shares are held on trust for the executive in the Company’s employee share trust and are subject to restrictions meaning
                           that the executive cannot sell or otherwise dispose of them for 1 year following the release of the Company’s FY2017 results to
                           the ASX (and, after that, may only sell or dispose of them in accordance with the Company’s Securities Trading Policy);

                    •      during this restricted period the executive receives the dividends on the shares and is able to exercise the votes attached to
                           those shares; and

                    •      the Board has the discretion to release the restrictions on disposal early only in exceptional circumstances and if certain
                           additional criteria are satisfied.

                    STI achievement was subject to financial and non-financial performance conditions as set out below.


                    Quantitative Bonus – Group EBIT performance

                    The Group quantitative element of executives’ STIs in FY2017 was based on the following criteria:

                    •      if FY2017 statutory EBIT was more than FY2016 statutory EBIT then the STI would apply. No part of the STI would be paid if
                           FY2017 statutory EBIT was the same as, or less than, FY2016 statutory EBIT;

                    •      if FY2017 statutory EBIT was equal to, or exceeded, 110% of FY2016 statutory EBIT then 100% of this element would be
                           paid; and

                    •      payment of STIs between these two benchmarks would be on a linear basis.

                    Annual growth in EBIT is considered by the Company to be the most relevant measure of the Group’s financial performance as it is
                    a key input in driving and growing long term shareholder value and is directly influenced by the performance of the executive team.

                    Given FY2017 statutory EBIT was 121.2% of FY2016 statutory EBIT, 100% of the available Quantitative Bonus (Group EBIT
                    performance) is payable to Group executives for FY2017.

                    This level of vesting based on statutory EBIT was achieved notwithstanding only 7 months of earnings from The Good Guys
                    business (acquired on 28 November 2016) being included in the FY2017 EBIT figure and significant one-off transaction and
                    implementation costs relating to the acquisition of The Good Guys business and the New Zealand impairment charges reducing
                    statutory EBIT.



                                                                                                                                                         33
                        REMUNERATION REPORT (continued)




                        If EBIT growth from FY2016 to FY2017 had been measured excluding the performance of The Good Guys business and the
                        transaction costs (i.e. based upon the ongoing JB Hi-Fi business, including New Zealand impairment charges) then the 110%
                        growth target would still have been exceeded, resulting in 100% achievement of this element of the STI.


                        Quantitative Bonus – Individual performance

                        These elements of the STI were measured against individual quantitative criteria approved by the Remuneration Committee and the




For personal use only
                        Board which related to aspects of the business over which the relevant Group executive had significant influence and where it was
                        felt that increased focus would provide long-term benefit to the business. As specific targets are commercially sensitive, a summary
                        of the criteria have been set out below.


                        Qualitative Bonus – Individual performance

                        These elements of the STI were measured against individual qualitative criteria approved by the Remuneration Committee and the
                        Board which related to aspects of the business over which the relevant Group executive had significant influence and where it was
                        felt that increased focus would provide long-term benefit to the business. As specific targets are commercially sensitive, a summary
                        of the criteria are set out below.


                        Details of STI available by executive

                                                      Quantitative                                                                                Qualitative
                                                        Bonus                                                                                      Bonus -
                                                       - Group                                                                                    Individual
                                                     performance                  Quantitative Bonus - Individual performance                    performance
                                                                     Inventory/    Cost of Commercial                    Store
                                                                       Gross       Doing     /Online                   Operating
                                                                      Margin/     Business/ /Supply                     Metrics/                       Non-         Total
                        Executives                       EBIT          Online      Online     Chain         Online      Online       IT/Online      financial      Available

                        R. Murray                        75%                                                                                         25%            100%
                        C. Trainor                       60%           15%                                                                           25%            100%
                        T. Smart                          –                                                                                          100%           100%
                        N. Wells                         60%                        15%                                                              25%            100%
                        T. Carter                        60%                                   15%                                                   25%            100%
                        J. Saretta                       60%                                                 15%                                     25%            100%
                        P. Green                         60%                                                              15%                        25%            100%
                        S. Page                          60%                                                                           15%           25%            100%

                        Notes:
                        1.   T. Smart joined the Company on 18 April 2017 and, as less than 3 months of FY2017 remained at this time, the Board and Remuneration
                             Committee determined that, for FY2017 only, no part of his STI was dependent upon Group quantitative criteria or individual quantitative criteria.
                             Instead 100% of T. Smart’s FY2017 STI was dependent on individual qualitative criteria. It is intended that, for FY2018, T. Smart’s STI
                             is structured in the same way as for other executives.
                        2.   No information is included for M. Ford as he did not receive any FY2017 STI having left the Company on 28 April 2017.

                        Non-financial measures include some of the following for each Group executive:

                        •    Succession planning and team development
                        •    Investor relations
                        •    Strategic initiatives
                        •    Internal process improvements
                        •    Inventory management
                        •    Property portfolio
                        •    Shrinkage control
                        •    Online initiatives
                        •    Expenditure control processes and programs
                        •    Workplace health & safety
                        •    Risk management
                        •    Internal and external engagement on key initiatives




                34
                    Details of STI achieved per executive

                    Each Group executive’s performance has been measured against the applicable targets. The resulting percentage of each element
                    of STI actually achieved for the 2017 financial year is detailed in the following table:

                                               Quantitative                                                                                   Qualitative
                                                 Bonus                                                                                         Bonus -
                                                - Group                                                                                       Individual




For personal use only
                                              performance                   Quantitative Bonus - Individual performance                      performance
                                                               Inventory/    Cost of Commercial                      Store
                                                                 Gross       Doing     /Online                     Operating
                                                                Margin/     Business/ /Supply                       Metrics/                       Non-          Total
                    Executives                     EBIT          Online      Online     Chain           Online      Online       IT/Online      financial      Achieved

                    R. Murray                     100%                                                                                           100%           100%
                    C. Trainor                    100%          100%                                                                             100%           100%
                    T. Smart                         –                                                                                           100%           100%
                    N. Wells                      100%                        100%                                                               100%           100%
                    T. Carter                     100%                                     100%                                                  100%           100%
                    J. Saretta                    100%                                                  100%                                     100%           100%
                    P. Green                      100%                                                               100%                        100%           100%
                    S. Page                       100%                                                                            100%           100%           100%

                    Notes:
                    1.   T. Smart joined the Company on 18 April 2017 and, as less than 3 months of FY2017 remained at this time, the Board and Remuneration
                         Committee determined that, for FY2017 only, no part of his STI was dependent upon Group quantitative criteria or individual quantitative criteria.
                         Instead 100% of T. Smart’s FY2017 STI was dependent on individual qualitative criteria. It is intended that, for FY2018, T. Smart’s STI
                         is structured in the same way as for other executives.
                    2.   No information is included for M. Ford as he did not receive any FY2017 STI having left the Group on 28 April 2017.

                    The Board notes that this is the first year in which 100% of available STIs were paid to all executives since FY2009 and reflects the
                    strong performance of the Company.


                    Long-Term Incentive (“LTI”) Plan

                    Some of the options granted to executives prior to FY2017 vested in FY2017. Details of options that vested and were exercised are
                    set out on page 50.


                    Form of FY2017 Executive LTIs

                    As was the case in FY2016, all Group executive LTIs granted for FY2017 were in the form of share options with zero exercise
                    prices, with EPS based performance hurdles and a service based vesting condition (“Zepos”). The service based vesting condition
                    provides that one third of these options will vest on each of the 3rd, 4th and 5th anniversary of issue provided that all other vesting
                    conditions are satisfied. The Group believed that this vesting period appropriately aligned the LTIs with longer term performance.
                    Each option expires 6 years after the grant date.

                    Details of the EPS based performance hurdles are set out below.


                    LTI Performance Hurdles for FY2017 Executive LTIs

                    The EPS performance hurdles referred to above require compound annual EPS growth from the statutory FY2016 EPS base of
                    153.76 cents per share of between 4% and 8% per annum as set out below:

                    •    Where compound annual EPS growth is 4%, 40% will vest.

                    •    Where compound annual EPS growth is between 4% to 5%, up to an additional 10% will vest on a linear basis.

                    •    Where compound annual EPS growth is between 5% to 8%, the remaining 50% will vest on a linear basis.




                                                                                                                                                                       35
                        REMUNERATION REPORT (continued)




                        The Board considers this equity performance linked remuneration structure is effective in aligning the long-term interests of
                        executives and shareholders and, at the time of setting the FY2017 performance hurdles (prior to the acquisition of The Good Guys
                        business), the Board considered both consensus forecasts and the earnings outlook for the Company. In setting FY2018
                        LTI performance hurdles the targets have been increased to take account of the acquisition of The Good Guys business, as set out
                        on page 40.




For personal use only
                        Further Information on LTIs

                        The issue of options for FY2017 to Richard Murray, the executive director of the Company, was approved by shareholders at the
                        Company’s Annual General Meeting in October 2016.

                        Further details of the terms of these options, including service and share price conditions are included under the heading “Group
                        share option plans” on page 52.


                        Relationship between ﬁnancial performance and remuneration

                        The Group’s executive remuneration is directly related to the performance of the Group through the linking of the majority of short
                        and long-term incentives to certain financial measures as detailed previously and shown below.

                        The financial performance of the Group is summarised in the table below, whilst the alignment of executive remuneration to the
                        performance of the Group is detailed in the graph on page 37.

                                                                                                                                                              Growth
                                                                                                                                                                            Last
                                                                                    FY2013       FY2014          FY2015     FY2016         FY2017        FY2017         5 years(iii)

                        1.         Financial performance:
                                   Sales ($m)                                      3,308.4      3,483.8          3,625.1   3,954.5        5,628.0           42%             12%
                                                                                                                                                 (v)
                                   EBIT ($m)                                         177.8         191.1          200.9      221.2        290.5             31%             12%
                                   Net profit attributable to owners of
                                   the Company ($m)                                  116.4         128.4          136.5      152.2        192.2(v)          26%             13%
                                                                                                                                                 (v)
                                   Basic EPS (cents)                                 117.7         128.4          137.9      153.8        172.1             12%             10%
                        2.         Shareholder value created:
                                   Company share price at the end of
                                   the reporting period ($)                          16.81         18.30          19.48      24.10          23.37           (3%)            21%
                                   Market capitalisation ($m)                      1,663.3      1,810.7          1,928.3   2,384.6        2,674.0           12%             25%
                                   Enterprise value(i) ($m)                        1,720.3      1,946.9          2,018.7   2,442.5        3,160.0           29%             26%
                                   Movement in enterprise value during
                                   the financial year ($m)                           734.4         226.7           71.7      423.8          717.5
                                   Dividends paid to shareholders
                                   during the financial year ($m)                      65.3         77.2           87.2        93.2         191.1
                                   On market share buy-back ($m)                          –         25.8             5.0       13.2               –
                                   Shareholder value created(ii)
                                    - per annum ($m)                                 799.7         329.7          163.9      530.2          836.6
                                    - cumulative ($m) since IPO                    2,067.7      2,397.4          2,561.2   3,091.4        3,928.1           27%           25%(iv)


                        (i)     Enterprise value is measured as the sum of market capitalisation and net debt.
                        (ii)    Shareholder value created is measured as the increase in the enterprise value, plus cash dividends and share buy-backs paid during the financial
                                year. Cumulative shareholder value is measured from the date of listing in October 2003 when opening shareholder value was $201.7m.
                        (iii)   Percentage movement shown is the compound annual growth rate over the last 5 years.
                        (iv)    Percentage movement shown is the compound annual growth rate since IPO.
                        (v)     FY2017 EBIT, net profit and EPS exclude transaction fees and implementation costs totalling $22.4m associated with the acquisition of
                                The Good Guys in November 2016 but include New Zealand Goodwill and New Zealand Fixed Asset impairments of $15.8 million.




                36
                    The graph below shows the relationship between total Group executive remuneration and EPS over the past 5 years and the high
                    correlation of Group executive remuneration with Company performance.


                    Executive remuneration and EPS over the last 5 ﬁnancial years:

                                               12,000,000                                                                                                           200




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                    180
                                               10,000,000
                                                                                                                                                                    160

                                                                                                                                                                    140
                                                8,000,000




                                                                                                                                                                          EPS (cents per share)
                              Remuneration $
                                                                                                                                                                    120
                                                                                                                                                                                                  LTI
                                                6,000,000                                                                                                           100                           STI
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Fixed
                                                                                                                                                                    80                            EPS
                                                4,000,000
                                                                                                                                                                    60

                                                                                                                                                                    40
                                                2,000,000
                                                                                                                                                                    20

                                                          -                                                                                                         -
                                                                    2013                  2014                 2015                 2016              2017

                    Notes
                    1.                         The graph shows the aggregate total of remuneration for the Company’s executive team for each year from 2013 to 2017, excluding payments
                                               made in relation to departures from the Company. The number of executives engaged during each of these years varied.
                    2.                         LTI expense is the current period LTI expense only, excluding any prior period write-backs.
                    3.                         EPS in FY2017 excludes transaction fees and implementation costs totalling $22.4m associated with the acquisition of The Good Guys in
                                               November 2016 but includes New Zealand Goodwill and New Zealand Fixed Asset impairments of $15.8 million.

                    The effectiveness of the executives’ performance related remuneration in driving performance is reflected in the long term growth
                    of the share price of the Company. The following graph plots the JB Hi-Fi closing share price and the ASX 200 on a daily basis
                    between listing on the ASX and 1 August 2017. The JB Hi-Fi closing share price compound annual growth rate between listing and
                    1 August 2017 is 21.9%, whilst the ASX 200 compound annual growth rate over the same period is 4.1%.


                                                $35.00


                                                $30.00


                                                $25.00




                        Share Price
                                                $20.00


                                                $15.00


                                                $10.00


                                                $5.00


                                                $0.00
                                                          Oct-03
                                                          Feb-04
                                                          Jun-04
                                                          Oct-04
                                                          Feb-05
                                                          Jun-05
                                                          Oct-05
                                                          Feb-06
                                                          Jun-06
                                                          Oct-06
                                                          Feb-07
                                                          Jun-07
                                                          Oct-07
                                                          Feb-08
                                                          Jun-08
                                                          Oct-08
                                                          Feb-09
                                                          Jun-09
                                                          Oct-09
                                                          Feb-10
                                                          Jun-10
                                                          Oct-10
                                                          Feb-11
                                                          Jun-11
                                                          Oct-11
                                                          Feb-12
                                                          Jun-12
                                                          Oct-12
                                                          Feb-13
                                                          Jun-13
                                                          Oct-13
                                                          Feb-14
                                                          Jun-14
                                                          Oct-14
                                                          Feb-15
                                                          Jun-15
                                                          Oct-15
                                                          Feb-16
                                                          Jun-16
                                                          Oct-16
                                                          Feb-17
                                                          Jun-17


                                                                                    JB Hi-Fi Share Price                  ASX 200 (rebased against JBH share price)




                                                                                                                                                                                                    37
                        REMUNERATION REPORT (continued)




                        Key terms of executive employment agreements

                        The remuneration and other terms of employment for each of the executives are set out in individual Company employment
                        agreements. None of the executives are subject to a fixed term of employment.

                         Name                                                 Notice Periods/Termination Payment/Non-compete

                         R. Murray                                            12 months’ notice (or payment in lieu)




For personal use only
                                                                              12 months’ post termination non-compete and non-solicitation restriction
                         C. Trainor                                           9 months’ notice (or payment in lieu) if terminated by the Company
                                                                              4 months’ notice if notice is given by the executive
                                                                              9 months’ post termination non-compete and non-solicitation restriction
                         T. Smart, N. Wells, T. Carter, J. Saretta            6 months’ notice (or payment in lieu)
                                                                              6 months’ post termination non-compete and non-solicitation restriction


                        Each executive may be terminated immediately for serious misconduct.

                        In no instance would a payment in lieu of notice exceed the termination payments limits set out in the Corporations Act 2001.

                        Each of the executive service contracts other than the contract for C.Trainor (which was entered into in 2009, several years before
                        the current contracts for each of the other executives) contains contractual entitlements for the Company to clawback incentive
                        remuneration in the event of fraud, dishonesty, or material misstatements in, or omissions from, the Company’s financial statements
                        or misstatements concerning the satisfaction of a performance condition.




                38
                    GROUP EXECUTIVE REMUNERATION FOR FY2018 – KEY CHANGES

                    The Remuneration Committee and the Board regularly review the Group’s remuneration practices to ensure that they remain fit for
                    purpose, appropriate for the Group’s operating environment, aligned with evolving market trends and shareholder expectations,
                    and continue to reward, incentivise and retain key employees. As a result of its recent review, the Group has decided to make the
                    following changes to the remuneration framework for FY2018.




For personal use only
                    Group Executive Remuneration Packages

                    The mix of the remuneration packages for the majority of Group executives will be less heavily geared towards fixed remuneration
                    (compared to short term incentives and long term incentives) with the splits between fixed, short-term and long-term incentive
                    elements for FY2018, compared to FY2017, being as follows:

                                                                   FY2018                                                    FY2017
                                                  Fixed               STI                LTI               Fixed                STI               LTI

                    R. Murray                   33.3%               33.3%              33.3%               36%                 28%               36%
                    C. Trainor                    40%                30%                30%                44%                 30%               26%
                    T. Smart                      37%                36%                27%                37%                 36%               27%
                    N. Wells                      40%                30%                30%                46%                 27%               27%
                    T. Carter                     42%                32%                26%                46%                 27%               27%
                    J. Saretta                    42%                32%                26%                46%                 27%               27%



                    Increased STI performance hurdles for FY2018

                    The hurdles for the Group quantitative element of executives’ STIs in FY2018 will be increased and based on the following criteria:

                    •    if statutory FY2018 EBIT exceeds 123% of statutory FY2017 EBIT then the STI would apply. No part of the STI would be paid
                         if statutory FY2018 EBIT matches, or is less than, 123% of statutory FY2017 EBIT;

                    •    if statutory FY2018 EBIT was equal to, or exceeded, 134% of statutory FY2017 EBIT then 100% of this element of the STI
                         would be paid; and

                    •    payment of STIs between these two benchmarks would be on a linear basis.

                    In setting these increased performance hurdles the Board has taken into account the fact that FY2017 statutory EBIT included
                    significant one-off transaction and implementation costs relating to the acquisition of The Good Guys and New Zealand fixed asset
                    and goodwill impairments. These hurdles are equivalent to the Company’s traditional STI growth targets (0% - 10% growth) when
                    calculated based on underlying EBIT for FY2017 (adjusted for a full 12 months of The Good Guys’ earnings). The Board believes
                    that it is appropriate to continue to use statutory EBIT to judge STI performance (rather than underlying EBIT) and believe these
                    higher hurdles are appropriately challenging in light of both underlying consensus forecasts and the earnings outlook for the Group.

                    As for FY2017 STIs, 20% of earned STI will be paid in the form of deferred shares.


                    Revised LTI vesting schedule for FY2018

                    FY2018 LTIs for executives will vest one half each three and four years after grant, provided that all other vesting conditions are
                    satisfied, rather than one third each on the third, fourth and fifth anniversary of grant, as is the case for FY2017 LTIs.
                    The Remuneration Committee and the Board note the difficulty in setting performance targets five years in advance in a dynamic
                    retail environment. The Board therefore believes a maximum 4 year vesting period to be appropriate. This change will also result in
                    changes to the retesting of LTIs, with only the half of FY2018 LTIs scheduled to vest 3 years after grant being eligible for retesting
                    (unlike FY2017 LTIs where the one third scheduled to vest 3 years after grant and the one third scheduled to vest 4 years after grant
                    are both eligible for retesting). FY2018 LTIs will expire 5 years after grant (as opposed to 6 years after grant for FY2017 LTIs).

                    The Company continues to believe that retesting is appropriate as the retesting is done against a cumulative EPS figure. This means
                    that, if the target is missed in one period, it is compounded and retested in the next period.




                                                                                                                                                          39
                        REMUNERATION REPORT (continued)




                        Increased LTI performance hurdles for FY2018

                        As indicated previously, statutory EPS for FY2017 included significant one-off transaction and implementation costs relating to the
                        acquisition of The Good Guys and New Zealand fixed asset and goodwill impairments. As a result, FY2017 statutory EPS is lower
                        than FY2017 underlying EPS (i.e. excluding these one-off charges). The Board believes statutory EPS to be the best basis to set
                        performance targets (as there are no exclusions). Rather than changing the way performance is measured, the Board has set higher




For personal use only
                        growth targets for the performance hurdles applicable for FY2018 LTIs. The performance hurdles for FY2018 LTIs for executives will
                        require compound annual statutory EPS growth of between 9% and 15% as follows:

                        •    50% of LTIs vest if compound annual statutory EPS growth of at least 9% is achieved;

                        •    100% of LTIs vest if compound annual statutory EPS growth of at least 15% is achieved; and

                        •    LTIs will vest on a linear basis between these two benchmarks.

                        These hurdles are equivalent to approximately 5% - 10% compound annual underlying EPS growth, an increase from the hurdles
                        of 4% - 8% compound annual growth applying to the FY2017 LTI grant The Board believes that these increased hurdles are
                        appropriately challenging in light of both underlying consensus forecasts and the earnings outlook for the Group.


                        Testing of LTIs in FY2018

                        In accordance with its usual practice, in August 2017 following the release of the Company’s FY2017 results, the Company will
                        test whether performance hurdles for long term incentives issued to executives in previous years (FY2013, FY2014 and FY2015)
                        have been achieved. The Board has taken the decision to exclude one-off transaction and implementation costs associated with the
                        acquisition of The Good Guys, expensed in FY2017, from the calculation of EPS for the purpose of determining LTI vesting as, while
                        these costs are being expensed in FY2017, the EPS does not reflect a full year of The Good Guys’ earnings. While not adjusting
                        for these transaction and implementation costs would have resulted in just under full vesting, the Board considers that the EPS
                        growth, excluding these costs, of greater than 10% compound annual growth in EPS over the applicable performance periods, is a
                        strong result for shareholders and one that should be fairly rewarded (and not reduced by one-off transaction costs that have been
                        incurred before the Company has recognised the benefit of the transaction). No adjustment will be made to exclude New Zealand
                        impairment charges.




                40
                    NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR REMUNERATION

                    FY2017 Non-Executive Director Remuneration

                    The following persons acted as non-executive directors of the Company during and since the end of the financial year and are
                    considered members of key management personnel:

                    Greg Richards        Non-executive Director, Chair of the Board and Remuneration Committee




For personal use only
                    Stephen Goddard      Non-executive Director (from 25 August 2016) and Member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee
                                         (from 29 August 2016)

                    Beth Laughton        Non-executive Director, Chair of the Audit and Risk Management Committee and Member of the Remuneration
                                         Committee

                    Mark Powell          Non-executive Director (from 13 March 2017) and Member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee
                                         (from 13 March 2017)

                    Wai Tang             Non-executive Director, Member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee and (from 26 October 2016)
                                         the Remuneration Committee

                    Richard Uechtritz    Non-executive Director

                    Gary Levin           Non-executive Director (until 27 October 2016), Member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee and
                                         the Remuneration Committee (until 27 October 2016)

                    The overriding objective of the JB Hi-Fi remuneration policies with regard to non-executive directors is to ensure the Company is
                    able to attract and retain non-executive directors with the skills and experience to ensure the Board is able to discharge its oversight
                    and governance responsibilities in an effective and diligent manner. The Board also believes that remuneration for non-executive
                    directors should reflect the time commitment and responsibilities of the role.

                    The remuneration packages for non-executive directors for FY2017 are set out below and increased to take account of inflation
                    since they were last increased in FY2015. Aggregate non-executive director remuneration for FY2017 remained within the amount
                    determined by the Company in its Annual General Meeting on 12 October 2011 being $1,250,000.

                                                                                                     Fees           Fees
                                                                                                     2017           2016
                    Role                                                                                $              $
                    Chairman                                                                 $278,000         $270,000

                    Non-executive director                                                   $134,000         $130,000



                    Additional Committee Fees

                    Remuneration Committee Chairman                                            $21,000          $20,000

                    Audit and Risk Management Committee Chairman                               $29,000          $28,000

                    Audit and Risk Management Committee member                                 $14,000          $14,000

                    Remuneration Committee member                                              $12,000          $12,000


                    Superannuation contributions are made by the Company on behalf of non-executive directors in line with statutory requirements and
                    are included in the remuneration package amount. It is the policy of the Company not to pay lump sum retirement benefits to
                    non-executive directors.

                    It is the policy of the Company not to have any elements of non-executive director remuneration at risk. Specifically, non-executive
                    directors do not receive any bonus payments and are not entitled to participate in any Company share option plans.




                                                                                                                                                        41
                        REMUNERATION REPORT (continued)




                        FY2018 Non-Executive Director Remuneration

                        The Board recognises the need to remain competitive in the market in order to continue to attract and retain talented directors.
                        As detailed below, 3 degrees consulting was engaged to provide a remuneration recommendation regarding the level of fees paid
                        to non-executive directors and in accordance with this Remuneration Recommendation fees will be increased in FY2018 as set out
                        below. In setting the revised fees, the Board noted:




For personal use only
                        •      the increased scale of the Group’s operations following the acquisition of The Good Guys business;

                        •      the Chairman’s and committees’ workloads; and

                        •      benchmarking against comparable companies.

                                                                                                       Fees              Fees
                                                                                                       2018              2017
                        Role                                                                              $                 $
                        Chairman                                                                  $300,000        $278,000

                        Non-executive director                                                    $134,000        $134,000



                        Additional Committee Fees

                        Remuneration Committee Chairman                                            $25,000         $21,000

                        Audit and Risk Management Committee Chairman                               $32,000         $29,000

                        Audit and Risk Management Committee member                                 $16,000         $14,000

                        Remuneration Committee member                                              $14,000         $12,000


                        The Remuneration Committee will continue to review remuneration for non-executive directors on an annual basis in order to ensure
                        that the objectives set out above in respect of non-executive directors’ remuneration are met.


                        OTHER INFORMATION


                        Remuneration Recommendations

                        3 degrees consulting was engaged to provide remuneration recommendations in accordance with the provisions of the
                        Corporations Act 2001 and was paid $25,000 (excluding GST) for remuneration recommendations regarding the level of fees paid
                        to non-executive directors. 3 degrees consulting provided a formal declaration confirming that its recommendations were made free
                        from undue influence by the member or members of the key management personnel to whom the recommendations related and,
                        in view of this declaration and the process adopted in the engagement of 3 degrees consulting and receipt of its recommendations,
                        the Board is satisfied that each of the recommendations were free of undue influence by such persons.

                        In addition to the above, 3 degrees consulting was engaged to provide broad ranging services including the provision of other
                        market data, stakeholder communication, governance, leadership and other remuneration related services and was paid $166,050
                        (excluding GST) for these services.


                        Board Policy with regard to executives limiting their exposure to risk in relation to equity options

                        The Company’s Securities Trading Policy prohibits directors, executives, senior management and other specified employees from
                        altering the economic benefit or risk derived by them in relation to any unvested equity options that they hold. The Policy also
                        requires directors and Group executives to obtain prior written approval from the Chairman before altering the economic benefit or
                        risk derived by them in relation to any shares or options in JB Hi-Fi held by them. Each year directors and executives are required
                        to sign a declaration that they are in compliance with all elements of the JB Hi-Fi Securities Trading Policy. These declarations have
                        been received in relation to the 2017 financial year from all directors and executives.




                42
                    KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL COMPENSATION

                    Key management personnel for FY2017 include the non-executive directors and the nine identified executives. The aggregate
                    compensation of the key management personnel of the Group for FY2017 is set out below:

                                                                                                                             Consolidated
                                                                                                                              2017              2016




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                 $                 $

                    Short-term employee benefits
                        Salary and fees                                                                                 5,251,624       4,576,983
                        Bonus                                                                                           2,969,454       2,728,903
                        Other                                                                                             643,860           397,434
                                                                                                                        8,864,938       7,703,320
                    Post-employment benefits
                        Superannuation                                                                                    278,412           284,502
                                                                                                                          278,412           284,502
                    Share based payments
                        Options expense                                                                                 1,978,385       1,751,681

                                                                                                                        1,978,385       1,751,681
                                                                                                                       11,121,735       9,739,503




                                                                                                                                                 43
                        REMUNERATION REPORT (continued)




                        The compensation for each member of the key management personnel of the Group is set out below:

                                                                                                                                    Post-
                                                                                                                                   employ-
                                                                                                                                    ment          Share based
                                                                                 Short-term employee benefits                      benefits        payments
                                                                                                                           Total
                                                                                                                     short-term




For personal use only
                                                                                                                      employee         Super-
                                                                 Salary & fees         Bonus(iii)       Other(iv)      benefits      annuation       Options(ii)(iii)         Total
                                (i)
                        2017                                                 $                 $               $              $               $                    $             $
                        Non-executive directors
                        G. Richards                                  279,384                   –               –      279,384          19,616                     –       299,000
                        B. Laughton                                  159,817                   –               –      159,817          15,183                     –       175,000
                        G. Levin                                      45,000                   –               –       45,000           8,333                     –        53,333
                        W. Tang                                      142,640                   –               –      142,640          13,551                     –       156,191
                        R. Uechtritz                                 122,374                   –               –      122,374          11,626                     –       134,000
                        S. Goddard                                   115,232                   –               –      115,232          10,947                     –       126,179
                        M. Powell                                     41,136                   –               –       41,136           3,908                     –        45,044
                                                                     905,583                   –               –      905,583          83,164                     –       988,747
                        Executives
                        R. Murray                                  1,177,259          988,800          28,187       2,194,246          30,000         830,462            3,054,708
                        C. Trainor                                   859,072          650,000          33,000       1,542,072          35,000         395,118            1,972,190
                        T. Smart                                     160,834          211,538           5,769         378,141           4,904         133,375             516,420
                        P. Green                                     223,962          147,231           8,462         379,655          12,692         113,613             505,960
                        N. Wells                                     429,077          288,000        120,000          837,077          30,000         191,370            1,058,447
                        T. Carter                                    429,308          288,000          20,000         737,308          30,000         185,950             953,258
                        S. Page                                      158,289          107,885           8,442         274,616          12,844           51,044            338,504
                        J. Saretta                                   430,000          288,000          20,000         738,000          30,000           77,453            845,453
                        M. Ford                                      478,240                   –     400,000          878,240           9,808                     –       888,048
                                                                   4,346,041        2,969,454        643,860        7,959,355        195,248        1,978,385           10,132,988
                                                                   5,251,624        2,969,454        643,860        8,864,938        278,412        1,978,385           11,121,735

                        (i)      S. Goddard joined the Board as a Non-Executive Director on 25 August 2016 and M. Powell joined the Board as a Non-Executive Director on
                                 13 March 2017. G. Levin retired as a Non-Executive Director on 27 October 2016. T. Smart joined the Company on 18 April 2017. As a result
                                 of a change in the structure and designation of key management personnel of the Group following the acquisition of The Good Guys, P. Green
                                 and S. Page were no longer classified as key management personnel from 28 November 2016 onwards, even though they continued in their
                                 prior roles as employees of the Group. Amounts disclosed for P. Green and S. Page are for the period that P. Green and S. Page were classified
                                 as key management personnel (1 July 2016 to 27 November 2016). Amounts disclosed for M. Ford are for the period he was employed by the
                                 Group 28 November 2016 to 28 April 2017).
                        (ii)     In accordance with Accounting Standards, remuneration includes the amortisation of the fair value of options issued under the Group share
                                 option plans that are expected to vest, less any write-back on options lapsed or expected to lapse as a result of actual or expected performance
                                 against non-market hurdles (“Option Accounting Value”). The fair value of options is measured at grant date in accordance with the relevant
                                 accounting standard and progressively allocated to profit and loss over the vesting period of the option. The amount included in remuneration
                                 above may not be indicative of the benefit (if any) that key management personnel may ultimately realise should the equity instruments vest.
                        (iii)    Performance based.
                        (iv)     For M. Ford, the amount in the “Other” column comprises $400,000 paid in relation to his departure from the Group on 28 April 2017.
                                 For N. Wells, the amount in the “Other” column comprises $100,000 bonus paid in relation to the acquisition of The Good Guys, and a $20,000
                                 car allowance. For all other executives, the amount shown in this column is comprised entirely of car allowances.




                44
                                                                                                        Performance based
                                                           Short-term employee benefits                                               Share based payments
                                                Maximum Potential STI                      Actual STI                 Maximum Potential LTI                      Actual LTI
                                                         Bonus                                Bonus                            Options                             Options
                                                                    % of total                           % of total                     % of total                            % of total
                                                                     potential                              actual                       potential                               actual
                    2017(i)(ii)                            $     remuneration                     $   remuneration               $   remuneration                     $    remuneration




For personal use only
                    Executives
                    R. Murray                     988,800               32%          988,800                  32%        830,462             27%          830,462                 27%
                    C. Trainor                    650,000               33%          650,000                  33%        395,118             20%          395,118                 20%
                    T. Smart                      211,538               41%          211,538                  41%        133,375             26%          133,375                 26%
                    P. Green                      147,231               29%          147,231                  29%        113,613             22%          113,613                 22%
                    N. Wells                      288,000               30%          288,000                  27%        191,370             20%          191,370                 18%
                    T. Carter                     288,000               30%          288,000                  30%        185,950             19%          185,950                 19%
                    S. Page                       107,885               32%          107,885                  32%         51,044             15%            51,044                15%
                    J. Saretta                    288,000               34%          288,000                  34%         77,453                9%          77,453                  9%
                                                 2,969,454              30%         2,969,454                 32%     1,978,385              21%       1,978,385                  21%

                    (i)     No information is included for M. Ford as he did not receive any FY2017 STI or LTI having left the Company on 28 April 2017. Should M. Ford
                            have not left the Company, his maximum potential STI and LTI would have been $862,000 and $448,777.
                    (ii)    The amounts disclosed for P. Green and S. Page are pro-rata for the period that P. Green and S. Page were classified as key management
                            personnel (1 July 2016 to 27 November 2016). The maximum potential STI for T Smart represents the amount available for the period during
                            FY2017 in which he was employed (from 18 April 2017).

                                                                                                                                      Post-
                                                                                                                                     employ-
                                                                                                                                      ment           Share based
                                                                               Short-term employee benefits                          benefits         payments
                                                                                                                             Total
                                                                                                                       short-term
                                                                                                                        employee        Super-
                                                               Salary & fees         Bonus(iii)           Other(iv)      benefits     annuation         Options(ii)(iii)           Total
                    2016(i)                                               $                  $                   $              $               $                     $               $
                    Non-executive directors
                    G. Richards                                   270,692                    –                   –     270,692            19,308                     –        290,000
                    B. Laughton                                   151,683                    –                   –     151,683            14,410                     –        166,093
                    G. Levin                                      131,000                    –                   –     131,000            25,000                     –        156,000
                    W. Tang                                       105,206                    –                   –     105,206             9,995                     –        115,201
                    R. Uechtritz                                  118,721                    –                   –     118,721            11,279                     –        130,000
                    J. King                                        47,489                    –                   –       47,489            4,511                     –         52,000
                                                                  824,791                    –                   –     824,791            84,503                     –        909,294
                    Executives
                    R. Murray                                   1,141,813           960,000              28,187       2,130,000           30,000         590,596            2,750,596
                    C. Trainor                                    789,143           642,857              33,000       1,465,000           35,000         550,761            2,050,761
                    P. Green                                      512,500           329,906              20,000        862,406            30,000         319,469            1,211,875
                    N. Wells                                      370,000           252,000              20,000        642,000            30,000         134,585              806,585
                    T. Carter                                     385,000           261,000              20,000        666,000            30,000         112,987              808,987
                    S. Page                                       270,577           235,140              15,462        521,179            23,192           41,242             585,613
                    J. Saretta                                     66,154            48,000               3,077        117,231             4,615             2,041            123,887
                    K. Ramsdale                                   217,005                    –          257,708        474,713            17,192                     –        491,905
                                                                3,752,192         2,728,903             397,434       6,878,529          199,999       1,751,681            8,830,209
                                                                4,576,983         2,728,903             397,434       7,703,320          284,502       1,751,681            9,739,503

                    (i)     W. Tang joined the Board as a Non-Executive Director on 14 September 2015 and J. King retired as a Non-Executive Director on 29 October 2015.
                            S. Page joined the Company on 14 September 2015 and J. Saretta joined the Company on 2 May 2016. K. Ramsdale joined the Company on
                            7 September 2015 and left the Company on 31 March 2016.
                    (ii)    In accordance with Accounting Standards, remuneration includes the amortisation of the fair value of options issued under the Group share
                            option plans that are expected to vest, less any write-back on options lapsed or expected to lapse as a result of actual or expected performance
                            against non-market hurdles (“Option Accounting Value”). The fair value of options is measured at grant date in accordance with the relevant
                            accounting standard and progressively allocated to profit and loss over the vesting period of the option. The amount included in remuneration
                            above may not be indicative of the benefit (if any) that key management personnel may ultimately realise should the equity instruments vest.
                    (iii)   Performance based.
                    (iv)    For K. Ramsdale, the amount in the “Other” column comprises $246,246 paid in relation to his departure for redundancy on 31 March 2016,




                                                                                                                                                                                    45
                            and a $11,462 car allowance. For all other executives, the amount shown is comprised entirely of car allowances.
                        REMUNERATION REPORT (continued)




                                                                                                 Performance based
                                                            Short-term employee benefits                                      Share based payments
                                                 Maximum Potential STI                 Actual STI              Maximum Potential LTI                 Actual LTI
                                                           Bonus                         Bonus                          Options                       Options
                                                                   % of total                     % of total                    % of total                     % of total
                                                                    potential                        actual                      potential                        actual
                        2016(i)                             $   remuneration               $   remuneration              $   remuneration               $   remuneration




For personal use only
                        Executives
                        R. Murray                   960,000            35%         960,000            35%        593,193             22%        590,596            21%
                        C. Trainor                  642,857            31%         642,857            31%        553,358             27%        550,761            27%
                        P. Green                    337,500            28%         329,906            27%        320,805             26%        319,469            26%
                        N. Wells                    252,000            31%         252,000            31%        134,585             17%        134,585            17%
                        T. Carter                   261,000            32%         261,000            32%        112,987             14%        112,987            14%
                        S. Page                     240,000            35%         235,140            40%          41,242             6%          41,242             7%
                        J. Saretta                   48,000            37%          48,000            43%           2,041             0%           2,041             2%
                                                  2,741,357            33%      2,728,903             33%      1,758,211             19%      1,751,681            21%

                        (i)   No information is included for K. Ramsdale as he did not receive any FY2016 STI or LTI having left the Company on 31 March 2016.
                              Should K. Ramsdale have not left the Company, his maximum potential STI and LTI would have been $252,000 and $43,306.

                        All bonuses are paid in the financial year following the year in which they were earned, for example the 2017 financial year bonuses
                        are paid in August 2017 (the 2018 financial year).




                46
                    KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL EQUITY/OPTIONS

                    Fully paid ordinary shares of JB Hi-Fi Limited

                                                    Balance at         Granted as              Received on                               Balance at         Balance held
                                                   1 July 2016      compensation(iii)   exercise of options   Net other change        30 June 2017             nominally
                    2017(i)(ii)                            No.                No.                       No.                No.                 No.                   No.




For personal use only
                    G. Richards                       23,000                       –                     –              3,486               26,486                 3,455
                    B. Laughton                         2,000                      –                     –                304                2,304                        –
                    W. Tang                             2,000                      –                     –              1,700                3,700                        –
                    R. Uechtritz                      10,000                       –                     –              1,516               11,516                        –
                    S. Goddard                               –                     –                     –              1,500                1,500                        –
                    M. Powell                                –                     –                     –                   –                     –                      –
                    R. Murray                        102,000                 3,268                65,912             (65,608)             105,572                         –
                    C. Trainor                               –               2,188                90,215             (82,333)               10,070                        –
                    T. Smart                                 –                     –                     –             50,000               50,000                        –
                    P. Green                            2,092                1,123                49,568             (47,434)                5,349                        –
                    N. Wells                            4,483                   858                 4,483               1,490               11,314                        –
                    T. Carter                                –                  888                      –                   –                  888                       –
                    S. Page                                  –                  800                      –                122                   922                       –
                    J. Saretta                               –                  163                      –                   –                  163                       –
                                                     145,575                 9,288               210,178            (135,257)             229,784                  3,455


                    (i)     G. Levin ceased to be a non-executive director on 27 October 2016 and, at this time, held 30,000 shares in the Company. G. Levin had no
                            transactions with ordinary shares during the period in FY2017 in which he was a director.
                    (ii)    M. Ford left the Company on 28 April 2017 and, at this time, held no shares or options in the Company. During the period of his employment,
                            M. Ford had no transactions with ordinary shares.
                    (iii)   Shares issued under the Company’s executive deferred STI Plan.

                                                    Balance at          Granted as             Received on                               Balance at         Balance held
                                                   1 July 2015        compensation      exercise of options   Net other change        30 June 2016             nominally
                    2016(i)(ii)                            No.                 No.                      No.                No.                 No.                   No.

                    G. Richards                       23,000                       –                     –                   –              23,000                 3,000
                    B. Laughton                           500                      –                     –              1,500                2,000                        –
                    G. Levin                          30,000                       –                     –                   –              30,000                        –
                    W. Tang                                  –                     –                     –              2,000                2,000                 2,000
                    R. Uechtritz                      10,000                       –                     –                   –              10,000                        –
                    R. Murray                        102,000                       –              47,110             (47,110)             102,000                         –
                    C. Trainor                               –                     –              47,110             (47,110)                      –                      –
                    P. Green                                13                     –              26,779             (24,700)                2,092                        –
                    N. Wells                                 –                     –              12,816               (8,333)               4,483                        –
                    T. Carter                                –                     –                     –                   –                     –                      –
                    S. Page                                  –                     –                     –                   –                     –                      –
                    J. Saretta                               –                     –                     –                   –                     –                      –
                                                     165,513                       –             133,815            (123,753)             175,575                  5,000

                    (i)     J. King ceased to be a non-executive director on 29 October 2015 and, at this time, held 32,258 shares in the Company nominally. J. King
                            had no transactions with ordinary shares during the period.
                    (ii)    K. Ramsdale left the Company on 31 March 2016 and, at this time, held no shares in the Company. During the period of his employment,
                            K. Ramsdale had no transactions with ordinary shares.




                                                                                                                                                                       47
                        REMUNERATION REPORT (continued)




                        Share options of JB Hi-Fi Limited

                                                                                                                                              Balance vested
                                                      Balance at        Granted as                              Net other        Balance at                at   Options vested
                                                     1 July 2016     compensation(ii)        Exercised          change(iii)   30 June 2017     30 June 2017        during year
                        2017(i)                              No.               No.                 No.               No.               No.               No.               No.

                        R. Murray                      413,444              48,096           (65,912)           (73,523)          322,105                  –          65,912




For personal use only
                        C. Trainor                     328,089              18,079           (90,215)           (73,523)          182,430                  –          90,215
                        T. Smart                               –          106,312                    –                   –        106,312                  –                  –
                        P. Green                       188,145              13,541           (49,568)           (37,844)          114,274                  –          49,568
                        N. Wells                        53,202              11,206             (4,483)                   –         59,925                  –           4,483
                        T. Carter                       56,356              11,206                   –                   –         67,562                  –                  –
                        S. Page                         16,438               9,922                   –                   –         26,360                  –                  –
                        J. Saretta                        2,640             11,206                   –                   –         13,846                  –                  –
                                                     1,058,314            229,568           (210,178)          (184,890)          892,814                  –         210,178


                        (i)     M. Ford left the Company on 28 April 2017. During the period to 28 April 2017, M. Ford was granted 77,825 options and did not exercise any
                                options. Prior to his departure, M. Ford held 77,825 unvested options, all of which lapsed on his departure.
                        (ii)    Excludes any options that may be granted by the Board in August 2017. The issue of any such options to R. Murray, executive director of the
                                Company, is also subject to shareholder approval at the Company’s Annual General Meeting in October 2017.
                        (iii)   Options lapsed during the financial year as they were not exercised prior to expiry.

                                                                                                                                              Balance vested
                                                      Balance at        Granted as                              Net other        Balance at                at   Options vested
                                                     1 July 2015     compensation(ii)        Exercised          change(iii)   30 June 2016     30 June 2016        during year
                        2016(i)                              No.               No.                 No.               No.               No.               No.               No.

                        R. Murray                      446,782              55,144           (47,110)           (41,372)          413,444                  –          47,110
                        C. Trainor                     408,750              24,618           (47,110)           (58,169)          328,089                  –          47,110
                        P. Green                       233,612              19,387           (26,779)           (38,075)          188,145                  –          26,779
                        N. Wells                        56,543              14,475           (12,816)             (5,000)          53,202                  –          12,816
                        T. Carter                       41,364              14,992                   –                   –         56,356                  –                  –
                        S. Page                                –            16,438                   –                   –         16,438                  –                  –
                        J. Saretta                             –             2,640                   –                   –          2,640                  –                  –
                                                     1,187,051            147,694           (133,815)          (142,616)        1,058,314                  –         133,815

                        (i)     K. Ramsdale left the Company on 31 March 2016. During the period to 31 March 2016, K. Ramsdale was granted 17,261 options and did not
                                exercise any options. At the date of his departure, K. Ramsdale held 17,261 unvested options, all of which lapsed on his departure.
                        (ii)    Excludes any options that may be granted by the Board in August 2016. The issue of any such options to R. Murray, executive director of the
                                Company, is also subject to shareholder approval at the Company’s Annual General Meeting in October 2016.
                        (iii)   Options lapsed during the financial year as they were not exercised prior to expiry.

                        All employee and executive share options issued to employees and executives during the financial year were made in accordance
                        with the provisions of the Company’s share option plans.

                        During the financial year 66,233 zero exercise price options (FY2016: 20,947) and 143,945 options with an exercise price (FY2016:
                        112,815) were exercised by key management personnel. The weighted average exercise price for options with an exercise price
                        was $11.78 (FY2016: $10.13) per ordinary share in JB Hi-Fi Limited.




                48
                    Key management personnel options granted and exercised during the ﬁnancial year

                    The following table summarises the value of options granted and exercised during the financial year to the key management personnel:

                                                            Value of options granted –                  Value of options exercised –
                                                                     at the grant date(i)                        at the exercise date
                    2017(ii)                                                           $                                            $




For personal use only
                    R. Murray                                               1,235,997                                    1,112,910
                    C. Trainor                                                464,605                                    1,974,036
                    T. Smart                                                2,249,986                                               –
                    P. Green                                                  347,985                                    1,065,994
                    N. Wells                                                  287,979                                       129,783
                    T. Carter                                                 287,979                                               –
                    S. Page                                                   254,982                                               –
                    J. Saretta                                                287,979                                               –
                                                                            5,417,492                                    4,282,723

                    (i)     The value of options granted during the period is recognised in remuneration over the vesting period of the option, in accordance with Australian
                            equivalents to International Financial Reporting Standards.
                    (ii)    M. Ford left the Company on 28 April 2017. During the period to 28 April 2017, M. Ford was granted options with a value of $1,999,987 and did
                            not exercise any options. The options granted to M. Ford lapsed on his departure.

                    The value of options granted and exercised during the year is calculated based on the following:

                    •       fair value of the option at grant date multiplied by the number of options granted; and

                    •       fair value of the option at the time it is exercised multiplied by the number of options exercised.


                    Options granted during the ﬁnancial year

                    During the financial year, an aggregate of 229,568 share options over ordinary shares in JB Hi-Fi Limited were granted to the
                    identified key management personnel.

                    The terms of the options granted to the identified key management personnel are summarised in the table below:

                                                                                                                  Weighted           Service                          Performance
                                                                                   Number                          average            based                             condition -
                                                                                         of       Exercise        fair value         vesting                            cumulative
                                                                 Grant date        options           price          at GD(i)       condition                           EPS growth
                                   (v)
                        Executive                Series                (GD)        granted               $                 $        (years)(ii)       Expiry Date     per annum(iii)
                        R. Murray            146-148          22/08/2016           48,096           $0.00          $25.70          3/4/5            21/08/2022             4%-8%
                        C. Trainor           146-148          22/08/2016           18,079           $0.00          $25.70          3/4/5            21/08/2022             4%-8%
                                    (iv)
                        T. Smart             158-159          18/04/2017          106,312           $0.00          $21.16               3/4         17/04/2023           9%-15%
                        P. Green             146-148          22/08/2016           13,541           $0.00          $25.70          3/4/5            21/08/2022             4%-8%
                        N. Wells             146-148          22/08/2016           11,206           $0.00          $25.70          3/4/5            21/08/2022             4%-8%
                        T. Carter            146-148          22/08/2016           11,206           $0.00          $25.70          3/4/5            21/08/2022             4%-8%
                        S. Page              146-148          22/08/2016             9,922          $0.00          $25.70          3/4/5            21/08/2022             4%-8%
                        J. Saretta           146-148          22/08/2016           11,206           $0.00          $25.70          3/4/5            21/08/2022             4%-8%
                                                                                  229,568

                    (i)     The values shown are the weighted average of the relevant series listed.
                    (ii)    One third of options within each series satisfy the service based vesting condition on the 3rd, 4th and 5th anniversary of grant date, with the
                            exception of the options issued to T. Smart where half of the options satisfy the service based vesting condition on the 3rd and 4th anniversary of
                            the grant date.
                    (iii)   EPS growth is measured following satisfaction of the service based vesting condition. Options vest as follows, except for the options issued to T. Smart:
                            •   where compound annual EPS growth of 4% is achieved 40% of the options vest;
                            •   where compound annual EPS growth is between 4% and 5% an additional 10% will vest on a linear basis; and
                            •   where compound annual EPS growth is between 5% and 8% the remaining 50% will vest on a linear basis.
                    (iv)    Options issued to T. Smart in April 2017 contain the revised performance and service based vesting conditions that will apply for all Group
                            executive FY2018 LTI’s, and vest, following satisfaction of the service based vesting condition, as follows:
                            •   where compound annual EPS growth of 9% is achieved 50% of the options vest; and
                            •   where compound annual EPS growth is between 9% and 15% the remaining 50% will vest on a linear basis.
                    (v)     M. Ford left the Company on 28 April 2017. During the period to 28 April 2017, M. Ford was granted 77,825 options on the same terms as
                            those in series 146-148, all of which lapsed on his departure.




                                                                                                                                                                                49
                        REMUNERATION REPORT (continued)




                        Options exercised during the ﬁnancial year

                        The following table details the options exercised during the financial year by key management personnel.
                                                                                                                                                 Performance
                                                                                                                                                   condition –
                                                                Number                                                         Share price at      cumulative      Performance
                                                              of options                        Number of     Exercise price    exercise date     EPS growth        condition –
                                                Series        exercised     Exercise date    shares issued                 $                $      per annum           achieved




For personal use only
                        R. Murray                80.2           29,941      24/02/2017            29,941             $9.75           $26.32                5%                Yes
                                                 81.1            1,464      23/02/2017              1,464            $9.75           $26.69         5%-10%            Partially(i)
                                                 81.2           12,223      23/02/2017            12,223             $9.75           $26.69         5%-10%            Partially(ii)
                                                  83                231     19/08/2016                231            $0.00           $28.95         5%-10%            Partially(i)
                                                  84             4,716      19/08/2016              4,716            $0.00           $28.95                5%                Yes
                                                  85             1,925      19/08/2016              1,925            $0.00           $28.95         5%-10%            Partially(ii)
                                                 94.1            8,963      23/02/2017              8,963           $18.93           $26.69                5%                Yes
                                                 95.1            3,316      23/02/2017              3,316           $18.93           $26.69         5%-10%           Partially(iii)
                                                  96             2,287      19/08/2016              2,287            $0.00           $28.95                5%                Yes
                                                  97                846     19/08/2016                846            $0.00           $28.95         5%-10%           Partially(iii)
                                                                65,912                            65,912

                        C. Trainor               80.2           29,941      23/09/2016            29,941             $9.75           $29.31                5%                Yes
                                                 81.1            1,464      23/09/2016              1,464            $9.75           $29.31         5%-10%            Partially(i)
                                                 81.2           12,223      23/09/2016            12,223             $9.75           $29.31         5%-10%            Partially(ii)
                                                  83                231     19/08/2016                231            $0.00           $28.95         5%-10%            Partially(i)
                                                  84             4,716      19/08/2016              4,716            $0.00           $28.95                5%                Yes
                                                  85             1,925      19/08/2016              1,925            $0.00           $28.95         5%-10%            Partially(ii)
                                                 94.1            8,963      23/09/2016              8,963           $18.93           $29.31                5%                Yes
                                                 95.1            3,316      23/09/2016              3,316           $18.93           $29.31         5%-10%           Partially(iii)
                                                  96             3,002      19/08/2016              3,002            $0.00           $28.95                5%                Yes
                                                  97             1,111      19/08/2016              1,111            $0.00           $28.95         5%-10%           Partially(iii)
                                                 102            23,323      19/08/2016            23,323             $0.00           $28.95              n/a(iv)           n/a(iv)
                                                                90,215                            90,215

                        P. Green                 80.2           17,020      23/09/2016            17,020             $9.75           $29.31                5%                Yes
                                                 81.1               833     23/09/2016                833            $9.75           $29.31         5%-10%            Partially(i)
                                                 81.2            6,948      23/09/2016              6,948            $9.75           $29.31         5%-10%            Partially(ii)
                                                  83                131     19/08/2016                131            $0.00           $28.95         5%-10%            Partially(i)
                                                  84             2,681      19/08/2016              2,681            $0.00           $28.95                5%                Yes
                                                  85             1,094      19/08/2016              1,094            $0.00           $28.95         5%-10%            Partially(ii)
                                                 94.1            5,351      23/09/2016              5,351           $18.93           $29.31                5%                Yes
                                                 95.1            1,979      23/09/2016              1,979           $18.93           $29.31         5%-10%           Partially(iii)
                                                  96             1,365      19/08/2016              1,365            $0.00           $28.95                5%                Yes
                                                  97                505     19/08/2016                505            $0.00           $28.95         5%-10%           Partially(iii)
                                                 102            11,661      19/08/2016            11,661             $0.00           $28.95              n/a(iv)           n/a(iv)
                                                                49,568                            49,568

                        N. Wells                  79             3,000      19/08/2016              3,000            $0.00           $28.95              n/a(v)             n/a(v)
                                                  92             1,483      19/08/2016              1,483            $0.00           $28.95              n/a(v)             n/a(v)
                                                                 4,483                              4,483

                                                              210,178                            210,178

                        (i)     EPS growth of 9.2% achieved based on FY2015 EPS and therefore 84% of the options in the series vested. Retested EPS growth of 9.8%
                                achieved based on FY2016 EPS and therefore an additional 11% (95% in total) of the options in the series vested.
                        (ii)    EPS growth of 9.8% achieved based on FY2016 EPS and therefore 95% of the options in the series vested.
                        (iii)   EPS growth of 9.3% achieved based on FY2016 EPS and therefore 86% of the options in the series vested.
                        (iv)    Options did not contain a performance condition as they were the one-off retention options issued in July 2014 following the CEO transition.
                        (v)     Options did not contain a performance condition as they were issued prior to N. Wells becoming an executive.

                        No options issued to T. Smart, T. Carter, S. Page, J. Saretta or M. Ford were exercised during the financial year.




                50
                    Options lapsed during the ﬁnancial year

                    The options issued to the identified key management personnel that lapsed during the financial year are set out below.

                                                                                             Number of options lapsed
                          Financial Year
                              Issued                     R. Murray                 C. Trainor              P. Green        M. Ford(i)           Total

                              2012                         73,523                    73,523                37,844                  –         184,890




For personal use only
                              2013                                –                        –                     –                 –               –
                              2014                                –                        –                     –                 –               –
                              2015                                –                        –                     –                 –               –
                              2016                                –                        –                     –                 –               –
                              2017                                –                        –                     –         77,825             77,825
                                                           73,523                    73,523                37,844          77,825            262,715


                    (i)     M. Ford options lapsed on his departure from JB Hi-Fi on 28 April 2017.

                    No options issued to T. Smart, N. Wells, T. Carter, S. Page or J. Saretta lapsed during the financial year.


                    Key management personnel options granted, exercised and lapsed since the end of the ﬁnancial year

                    No options have been issued to key management personnel, and no options issued to key management personnel have been
                    exercised or lapsed, since the end of the financial year.




                                                                                                                                                 51
                        REMUNERATION REPORT (continued)




                        SHARE OPTIONS

                        Group share option plans

                        The Group has share ownership-based remuneration schemes for executives and non-executive management (excluding
                        non-executive directors). In accordance with the provisions of these schemes, executives and non-executive managers within the
                        Group are granted options to purchase parcels of ordinary shares at various exercise prices or to acquire shares at a zero exercise




For personal use only
                        price. Options issued from FY2013 and FY2017 (inclusive) have the following features. Options to be issued in FY2018 will also have
                        these features except as set out otherwise on pages 39 and 40:

                        •    no issue price is payable on the issue of an option;

                        •    for some of the options issued to executives during the 2013, 2014 and 2015 financial years, an exercise price is payable on
                             the exercise of an option. This exercise price was usually calculated as being the closing volume weighted average share price
                             (VWAP) of JB Hi-Fi Limited shares over the 5 trading days post and including the date of release of the Group’s full year results,
                             immediately prior to the grant of the option. This price may be calculated by reference to another date or time period, for
                             example where a grant of options occurs other than following the release of results as a result of an executive or non-executive
                             manager joining the Group or being promoted within the Group. For options that have an exercise price payable on exercise
                             of the option, a share price condition provides that options will only vest if, during a trading window (as defined in the Group’s
                             Securities Trading Policy), the VWAP of the shares over 5 consecutive trading days exceeds the option exercise price (at a time
                             when all other conditions have been satisfied);

                        •    for some of the options issued before 30 June 2015 and all options issued after 30 June 2015, a zero exercise price;

                        •    for Group executives only, the majority of options are subject to performance conditions based on EPS growth. To date,
                             options issued have been subject to performance hurdles which require compound annual earnings per share growth of
                             between 4% and 15% per annum;

                        •    service based conditions - the options issued to executives vest a third each on the third, fourth and fifth anniversary of the
                             grant date provided that the executive remains employed at that time. The only exception to this is for options issued to
                             Terry Smart in April 2017, which vest one half each on each of the third and fourth anniversary of the grant date provided
                             that he remains employed at that time. For all options issued to non-executive management, options vest a third each on the
                             second, third and fourth anniversary of grant date provided that the non-executive manager remains employed at that time;

                        •    all conditions must be satisfied for an option to vest;

                        •    options issued to non-executive management since 1 July 2012 generally expire five years after they are issued. Options
                             issued to executives since 1 July 2012 generally expire six years after they are issued. All unvested options generally expire
                             immediately upon termination of employment although, depending upon the terms of issue, the Company may have discretion
                             to allow the options to continue or waive vesting conditions in certain circumstances. Upon termination of employment, vested
                             options either expire upon termination, 30 days after termination or continue in force depending upon the circumstances of the
                             employee’s exit and the terms of issue;

                        •    to the extent that a performance condition is not achieved in one year, the hurdle is compounded and reassessed in each
                             subsequent year, until the earlier of the condition being satisfied or the option expiring. However, no retesting takes place in the
                             year of expiry;

                        •    options are valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, which takes into account the exercise price, the term of the
                             option, the expected exercise date based on prior years’ experience, the share price at grant date, the expected price volatility
                             of the underlying share, the expected dividend yield and the risk-free interest rate;

                        •    each option entitles the holder to one ordinary share in JB Hi-Fi Limited;

                        •    holders of options do not have the right, under the options, to dividends or to participate in any share issue or interest issue of
                             JB Hi-Fi Limited or of any other body corporate or registered scheme;

                        •    upon a change of control of the Company all vested and unvested options will automatically lapse unless the Company
                             determines otherwise; and

                        •    other conditions including, amongst other things, treatment of the options in the event of a capital reorganisation.

                        As detailed in the Company’s 2015 Annual Report, in July 2014 the Company made a one-off issue of share options with a zero
                        exercise price and specific service-based vesting conditions to each of the executives at that time.




                52
                    Shares under option

                    Details of interests under option at the date of this report are set out below. All options entitle the holder to ordinary shares in
                    JB Hi-Fi Limited.

                                                                                                                                                              Weighted
                                        Number                                                                      Weighted                                   average
                                       of shares                       Share Price                       Exercise    average        Dividend      Risk-free   fair value




For personal use only
                            Option         under         Grant date         at GD                           price   expected         yield at      interest     at GD(i)
                             series       option               (GD)              $         Expiry date          $   volatility(i)        GD     rate at GD             $

                            80-81      112,987        17/08/2012            $9.75       16/08/2018        $9.75     40.37%            6.5%         2.94%         $2.04
                            83-87        17,799       17/08/2012            $9.75       16/08/2018        $0.00     41.02%            6.5%         2.94%         $7.08
                               93        50,798       16/08/2013           $18.66       15/08/2018        $0.00     30.88%            3.7%         3.19%       $16.30
                            94-95        67,872       16/08/2013           $18.66       15/08/2019       $18.93     32.55%            3.7%         3.19%         $4.16
                           96-101        19,400       16/08/2013           $18.66       15/08/2019        $0.00     34.64%            3.7%         3.19%       $16.02
                          103-104      191,325        15/08/2014           $17.66       14/08/2020       $17.72     30.74%            4.6%         2.86%         $3.25
                          105-113        63,321       15/08/2014           $17.66       14/08/2020        $0.00     31.82%            4.6%         2.86%       $14.73
                          115-116      108,312        15/08/2014           $17.66       14/08/2019        $0.00     32.37%            4.6%         2.86%       $15.07
                          117-118        31,870       27/11/2014           $15.56       26/11/2020       $15.58     30.94%            5.3%         2.60%         $2.51
                          119-127         9,494       27/11/2014           $15.56       26/11/2020        $0.00     31.58%            5.3%         2.60%       $12.64
                          128-130      128,616        14/08/2015           $20.79       13/08/2021        $0.00     30.88%            4.3%         2.16%       $17.43
                          131-133      167,413        14/08/2015           $20.79       13/08/2020        $0.00     30.15%            4.3%         2.16%       $18.19
                          134-136        16,438         5/11/2015          $17.63         4/11/2021       $0.00     30.90%            4.9%         2.16%       $14.63
                          137-139         2,240       18/12/2015           $18.36       17/12/2020        $0.00     29.74%            5.0%         2.24%       $15.63
                          140-142         2,640         2/05/2016          $22.18         1/05/2022       $0.00     30.11%            4.2%         2.06%       $18.19
                          143-145      129,207        22/08/2016           $29.50       21/08/2021        $0.00     29.29%            3.3%         1.51%       $26.27
                          146-148      123,256        22/08/2016           $29.50       21/08/2022        $0.00     30.09%            3.4%         1.51%       $25.70
                          152-154         1,474       19/10/2016           $28.79       18/10/2021        $0.00     29.09%            3.7%         2.18%       $23.75
                          155-157         1,474         2/11/2016          $27.41         1/11/2021       $0.00     29.09%            3.7%         2.18%       $23.75
                          158-159      106,312        18/04/2017           $24.46       17/04/2023        $0.00     28.11%            4.6%         2.02%       $21.16
                          160-162         6,951         1/05/2017          $24.94       30/04/2022        $0.00     28.27%            4.0%         2.07%       $21.58
                                      1,359,199

                    (i)     The values shown are the weighted average for the relevant series listed.

                    As at 14 August 2017, 884 options are vested and exercisable. In addition, up to 471,725 additional options will vest and become
                    exercisable in August 2017, subject to the satisfaction of the relevant service, performance and share price vesting conditions.

                    The weighted average fair value of the share options granted during the financial year is $24.71 (FY2016: $17.57).




                                                                                                                                                                     53
                        REMUNERATION REPORT (continued)




                        The following tables include all share options granted under the Group share option plans that were exercised during and since the
                        end of the current financial year and during the previous financial year. All shares were ordinary shares issued by JB Hi-Fi Limited
                        and no amounts remain unpaid.

                        2017

                                                                              Number     Amount paid                Share price at




For personal use only
                              Option                          Number         of shares     per share                exercise date(i)
                              Series        Grant date       exercised          issued             $                             $

                               79        17/08/2012            94,141         94,141           $0.00          $28.95 to $30.44
                              80-81      17/08/2012          112,057         112,057           $9.75          $26.32 to $29.31
                              83-85      17/08/2012            17,650         17,650           $0.00                      $28.95
                               90         6/11/2012             3,000           3,000          $0.00                      $26.61
                               92        16/08/2013            56,153         56,153           $0.00          $28.95 to $31.19
                              94-95      16/08/2013            31,888         31,888          $18.93          $26.69 to $29.31
                              96-97      16/08/2013             9,116           9,116          $0.00                      $28.95
                               102        1/07/2014            34,984         34,984           $0.00                      $28.95
                               114       15/08/2014            59,635         59,635           $0.00          $28.95 to $31.19
                                                             418,624         418,624

                        (i)     Where a range of prices are shown, options within the series were exercised on various dates throughout the period. The share prices shown are
                                the maximum and minimum share prices on the exercise dates for the relevant series.

                        2016

                                                                              Number     Amount paid                Share price at
                              Option                          Number         of shares     per share                exercise date(i)
                              Series        Grant date       exercised          issued             $                             $

                               62        13/08/2010           12,833          12,833          $19.75                      $20.96
                               66         2/06/2011           32,322          32,322          $17.03          $20.05 to $22.00
                               67        12/08/2011          184,992         184,992          $14.95          $17.96 to $22.00
                               72        27/09/2011             5,000           5,000         $14.73                      $17.84
                               73        29/11/2011           10,000          10,000          $15.30                      $22.67
                               76        31/07/2012           32,520          32,520           $8.74                      $20.03
                               78        17/08/2012          105,676         105,676           $0.00          $18.75 to $22.41
                               80        17/08/2012          141,414         141,414           $9.75          $18.75 to $19.34
                               81        17/08/2012           50,815          50,815           $9.75          $18.75 to $19.34
                               82        17/08/2012           22,274          22,274           $0.00          $19.34 to $20.31
                               83        17/08/2012             8,002           8,002          $0.00          $19.34 to $20.31
                               89         6/11/2012             3,000           3,000          $0.00                      $17.84
                               91        16/08/2013           63,001          63,001           $0.00          $18.80 to $21.41
                                                             671,849         671,849

                        (i)     Where a range of prices are shown, options within the series were exercised on various dates throughout the period. The share prices shown are
                                the maximum and minimum share prices on the exercise dates for the relevant series.




                54
                    Long-term incentives subject to performance conditions

                    Certain executives have been issued with options under the Group share option plans as part of the Company’s long-term incentive
                    program. Details of the features and conditions of such options are included in the section of this report entitled “Group share option
                    plans”. The following table details the options outstanding at the date of this report which feature performance hurdles:

                             Option                                Performance                        Date         Relevant     Exercise Price




For personal use only
                             Series           Grant Date             Hurdle(i)(ii)(iii)   for first testing   Financial Year                 $      Expiry Date

                        Vested (time based service condition and performance hurdle achieved)
                                 83        17/08/2012                  5%-10%             17/08/2015                  2015               $0.00    16/08/2018
                                 85        17/08/2012                  5%-10%             17/08/2016                  2016               $0.00    16/08/2018
                                 97        16/08/2013                  5%-10%             16/08/2016                  2016               $0.00    15/08/2019
                        Not vested (time based service condition achieved and performance hurdle achieved but share price vesting
                        condition not satisfied)
                                 81        17/08/2012                  5%-10%             17/08/2015                  2015               $9.75    16/08/2018
                                 81        17/08/2012                  5%-10%             17/08/2016                  2016               $9.75    16/08/2018
                                 95        16/08/2013                  5%-10%             16/08/2016                  2016              $18.93    15/08/2019
                        Not vested (performance hurdle achieved but time based service condition not achieved)
                             80-81         17/08/2012                  5%-10%             17/08/2017                  2017               $9.75    16/08/2018
                             86-87         17/08/2012                  5%-10%             17/08/2017                  2017               $0.00    16/08/2018
                             94-95         16/08/2013                  5%-10%             16/08/2017                  2017              $18.93    15/08/2019
                             98-99         16/08/2013                  5%-10%             16/08/2017                  2017               $0.00    15/08/2019
                           103-104         15/08/2014                  5%-10%             15/08/2017                  2017              $17.72    14/08/2020
                           105-106         15/08/2014                  5%-10%             15/08/2017                  2017               $0.00    14/08/2020
                           117-118         27/11/2014                  5%-10%             27/11/2017                  2017              $15.58    26/11/2020
                           119-120         27/11/2014                  5%-10%             27/11/2017                  2017               $0.00    26/11/2020
                        Not vested (time based service condition and performance hurdle not achieved)
                             94-95         16/08/2013                  5%-10%             16/08/2018                  2018              $18.93    15/08/2019
                           100-101         16/08/2013                  5%-10%             16/08/2018                  2018               $0.00    15/08/2019
                           103-104         15/08/2014                  5%-10%             15/08/2018                  2018              $17.72    14/08/2020
                           103-104         15/08/2014                  5%-10%             15/08/2019                  2019              $17.72    14/08/2020
                           107-108         15/08/2014                  5%-10%             15/08/2018                  2018               $0.00    14/08/2020
                           109-110         15/08/2014                  5%-10%             15/08/2019                  2019               $0.00    14/08/2020
                           117-118         27/11/2014                  5%-10%             27/11/2018                  2018              $15.58    26/11/2020
                           117-118         27/11/2014                  5%-10%             27/11/2019                  2019              $15.58    26/11/2020
                           121-122         27/11/2014                  5%-10%             27/11/2018                  2018               $0.00    26/11/2020
                           123-124         27/11/2014                  5%-10%             27/11/2019                  2019               $0.00    26/11/2020
                               128         14/08/2015                   4%-8%             14/08/2018                  2018               $0.00    13/08/2021
                               129         14/08/2015                   4%-8%             14/08/2019                  2019               $0.00    13/08/2021
                               130         14/08/2015                   4%-8%             14/08/2020                  2020               $0.00    13/08/2021
                               134          5/11/2015                   4%-8%              5/11/2018                  2018               $0.00     4/11/2021
                               135          5/11/2015                   4%-8%              5/11/2019                  2019               $0.00     4/11/2021
                               136          5/11/2015                   4%-8%              5/11/2020                  2020               $0.00     4/11/2021
                               140          2/05/2016                   4%-8%              2/05/2019                  2018               $0.00     1/05/2022
                               141          2/05/2016                   4%-8%              2/05/2020                  2019               $0.00     1/05/2022
                               142          2/05/2016                   4%-8%              2/05/2021                  2020               $0.00     1/05/2022
                               146         22/08/2016                   4%-8%             22/08/2019                  2019               $0.00    21/08/2022
                               147         22/08/2016                   4%-8%             22/08/2020                  2020               $0.00    21/08/2022
                               148         22/08/2016                   4%-8%             22/08/2021                  2021               $0.00    21/08/2022
                               158         18/04/2017                  9%-15%             18/04/2020                  2020               $0.00    17/04/2023
                               159         18/04/2017                  9%-15%             18/04/2021                  2021               $0.00    17/04/2023

                    (i)      For options shown with a 5%-10% performance hurdle, 70% of the options vest where compound annual EPS growth is 5%, and where
                             compound annual EPS growth is between 5% and 10% the remaining 30% of options vest on a linear basis.
                    (ii)     For options shown with a 4%-8% performance hurdle, options vest as follows:
                             •   where compound annual EPS growth of 4% is achieved 40% of the options vest;
                             •   where compound annual EPS growth is between 4% and 5% an additional 10% will vest on a linear basis; and
                             •   where compound annual EPS growth is between 5% and 8% the remaining 50% will vest on a linear basis.
                    (iii)    For options shown with a 9%-15% performance hurdle, 50% of the options vest where compound annual EPS growth is 9%, and where
                             compound annual EPS growth is between 9% and 15% the remaining 50% of options vest on a linear basis.




                                                                                                                                                             55
                        AUDITOR’S INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION




                                                                                                                                Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                                                                                                                ABN 74 490 121 060

                                                                                                                                550 Bourke Street
                                                                                                                                Melbourne VIC 3000
                                                                                                                                GPO Box 78
                                                                                                                                Melbourne VIC 3001 Australia




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                DX 111
                                                                                                                                Tel: +61 (0) 3 9671 7000
                                                                                                                                Fax: +61 (0) 3 9671 7001
                                                                                                                                www.deloitte.com.au




                        Board of Directors
                        JB Hi-Fi Limited
                        Level 4, Ofﬁce Tower 2
                        Chadstone Shopping Centre
                        1341 Dandenong Road
                        Chadstone VIC 3148



                        14 August 2017



                        Dear Board Members


                        JB Hi-Fi Limited

                        In accordance with section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001, I am pleased to provide the following declaration of independence
                        to the directors of JB Hi-Fi Limited.

                        As lead audit partner for the audit of the ﬁnancial statements of JB Hi-Fi Limited for the year ended 30 June 2017, I declare that to
                        the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been no contraventions of:

                        (i)    the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in relation to the audit; and

                        (ii)   any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.



                        Yours sincerely




                        DELOITTE TOUCHE TOHMATSU




                        Andrew Reid
                        Partner
                        Chartered Accountants




                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
                        Member of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited.




                56
                    INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




                                                                                                                                Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                                                                                                                ABN 74 490 121 060

                                                                                                                                550 Bourke Street
                                                                                                                                Melbourne VIC 3000
                                                                                                                                GPO Box 78
                                                                                                                                Melbourne VIC 3001 Australia




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                DX 111
                                                                                                                                Tel: +61 (0) 3 9671 7000
                                                                                                                                Fax: +61 (0) 3 9671 7001
                                                                                                                                www.deloitte.com.au


                                                                INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
                                                               TO THE MEMBERS OF JB HI-FI LIMITED

                    Report on the Financial Report


                    We have audited the financial report of JB Hi-Fi Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) which comprises the
                    consolidated balance sheet as at 30 June 2017, the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of profit
                    or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of cash flows and the consolidated statement of changes in
                    equity for the year ended on that date, and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies
                    and other explanatory information, and the directors’ declaration.


                    In our opinion, the accompanying financial report of the Group is in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:

                         (i)    giving a true and fair view of the Group’s financial position as at 30 June 2017 and of its financial performance for the
                                year then ended; and

                         (ii)   complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.


                    Basis for Opinion

                    We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under those standards are further
                    described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Report section of our report. We are independent of the
                    Group in accordance with the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the
                    Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the Code) that are
                    relevant to our audit of the financial report in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with
                    the Code.

                    We confirm that the independence declaration required by the Corporations Act 2001, which has been given to the directors of the
                    Company, would be in the same terms if given to the directors as at the time of this auditor’s report.

                    We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




                    Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
                    Member of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited.




                                                                                                                                                               57
                        INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (continued)




                        Key Audit Matters

                        Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the financial report
                        for the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming
                        our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

                         Key Audit Matter                                                     How the scope of our audit responded to the




For personal use only
                                                                                              Key Audit Matter

                         Acquisition of The Good Guys                                         Our procedures included, amongst others:

                         Refer to Note 25 Business Combinations.                              •   reviewing the sale agreement to understand key terms
                                                                                                  and conditions;
                         On 28 November 2016 JB Hi-Fi acquired 100% of The Good
                         Guys for cash consideration of $860 million.                         •   assessing the analysis and the status of the analysis
                                                                                                  performed by management regarding ﬁnalising the
                         The accounting for this transaction, of which the amounts
                                                                                                  identiﬁcation and valuation of acquired assets and
                         attributable to certain assets and liabilities remain provisional
                                                                                                  liabilities, including intangible assets;
                         as at 30 June 2017, was complex and required management
                                                                                              •   performing tests on the fair value where assets and
                         to exercise judgement to determine:
                                                                                                  liabilities have been identiﬁed and fair values have been
                         •    the fair value of acquired identiﬁable assets and liabilities       ﬁnalised;
                              (to the extent practicable as at 30 June 2017); and             •   in conjunction with our valuation specialists, assessing
                         •    the allocation of purchase consideration to separately              the third party valuation utilised by management in their
                              identiﬁable intangible assets.                                      determination of fair value for The Good Guys brand name
                                                                                                  intangible asset. Our assessment included an evaluation
                         We focused on this area as a key audit matter due to the size
                                                                                                  of the accounting methodology and assumptions used by
                         of the acquisition and the judgment involved in accounting for
                                                                                                  the third party in the valuation model, and an evaluation of
                         the transaction.
                                                                                                  their competence and objectivity; and
                                                                                              •   evaluating the appropriateness of the relevant disclosures
                                                                                                  in Note 25.

                         Carrying value of the New Zealand cash generating unit               Our audit procedures included, amongst others:

                         Refer to Note 11 Intangibles and Note 10 Plant and                   •   obtaining an understanding of management’s processes
                         Equipment.                                                               associated with the preparation of the value-in-use model

                         During the year ended 30 June 2017, the Group impaired               •   agreeing forecast cash ﬂows to the latest Board approved

                         goodwill of $14.7 million and plant, property and equipment              forecasts and assessing the historical accuracy of

                         of $1.1 million attributable to JB Hi-Fi’s New Zealand cash              forecasting

                         generating unit (CGU).                                               •   with the assistance of our valuation specialists:
                                                                                                  •   critically assessing management’s value-in-use
                         Management has assessed the recoverable amount of the
                                                                                                      methodology;
                         New Zealand CGU using a discounted cash ﬂow model
                         which incorporates judgements about the future growth rate               •   challenging key assumptions, including forecast
                         of the business, the discount rate applied to future cash ﬂow                growth rates by comparing them to historical results
                         forecasts and assumptions used in the value-in-use model.                    and economic and industry forecasts;
                                                                                                  •   evaluating the discount rate used by assessing the
                         We focused on this area as a key audit matter due to the
                                                                                                      cost of capital for the CGU by comparison to market
                         decline in ﬁnancial performance of the New Zealand CGU and
                                                                                                      data and industry research:
                         the judgement involved in forecasting future cash ﬂows and
                         other key assumptions.                                                   •   assessing the mathematical accuracy of the
                                                                                                      value-in-use model;
                                                                                                  •   assessing managements sensitivity analyses around
                                                                                                      key assumptions used in the valuation model and
                                                                                                      the likelihood of such a movement in those key
                                                                                                      assumptions arising; and
                                                                                                  •   evaluating the appropriateness of the disclosures
                                                                                                      included in Note 11 to the ﬁnancial report.




                58
                    Other Information

                    The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the Governance, Environmental and Social
                    Statements, Directors’ Report, Operating and Financial Review and additional securities exchange information which we obtained
                    prior to the date of this auditor’s report. The other information also includes the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Report, which
                    will be included in the annual report (but does not include the financial report and our auditor’s report thereon).




For personal use only
                    Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion
                    thereon.

                    In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information identified above and, in doing
                    so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial report or our knowledge obtained in the audit,
                    or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

                    If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of this auditor’s report, we
                    conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to
                    report in this regard.

                    When we read the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Report, if we conclude that there is a material misstatement therein, we are
                    required to communicate the matter to the directors and use our professional judgement to determine the appropriate action.


                    Directors’ Responsibility for the Financial Report

                    The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the financial report that gives a true and fair view in accordance
                    with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001 and for such internal control as the directors determine is
                    necessary to enable the preparation of the financial report that gives a true and fair view and is free from material misstatement,
                    whether due to fraud or error.

                    In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the ability of the Group to continue as a going concern,
                    disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors
                    either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.


                    Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Report

                    Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is free from material misstatement,
                    whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of
                    assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect
                    a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or
                    in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of this
                    financial report.

                    As part of an audit in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards, we exercise professional judgement and maintain
                    professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

                    •    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial report, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform
                         audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for
                         our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error,
                         as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

                    •    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the
                         circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

                    •    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
                         disclosures made by the directors.

                    •    Conclude on the appropriateness of the director’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
                         evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on
                         the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw
                         attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial report or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify
                         our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
                         events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.




                                                                                                                                                           59
                        INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (continued)




                        •    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial report, including the disclosures, and whether the
                             financial report represents the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

                        •    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the
                             Group to express an opinion on the financial report. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the
                             Group’s audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.




For personal use only
                        We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit
                        findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

                        We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence,
                        and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence,
                        and where applicable, related safeguards.

                        From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the
                        financial report of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report
                        unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that
                        a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected
                        to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


                        Report on the Remuneration Report

                        Opinion on the Remuneration Report

                        We have audited the Remuneration Report included in pages 30 to 55 of the Director’s report for the year ended 30 June 2017.

                        In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of JB Hi-Fi Limited, for the year ended 30 June 2017, complies with section 300A of the
                        Corporations Act 2001.


                        Responsibilities

                        The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the Remuneration Report in accordance with
                        section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Remuneration Report, based on our
                        audit conducted in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards.




                        DELOITTE TOUCHE TOHMATSU




                        Andrew Reid
                        Partner
                        Chartered Accountants

                        Melbourne
                        14 August 2017




                60
                    DIRECTORS’ DECLARATION




                    The directors declare that:

                    (a)   in the directors’ opinion, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when
                          they become due and payable;

                    (b)   the attached financial statements are in compliance with International Financial Reporting Standards, as stated in note 1 to the
                          financial statements;




For personal use only
                    (c)   in the directors’ opinion, the attached financial statements and notes thereto are in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001,
                          including compliance with accounting standards and giving a true and fair view of the financial position and performance of the
                          consolidated entity; and

                    (d)   the directors have been given the declarations required by s.295A of the Corporations Act 2001.

                    At the date of this declaration, the Company is within the class of companies affected by ASIC Corporations (Wholly-owned
                    Companies) Instrument 2016/785. The nature of the deed of cross guarantee is such that each company which is party to the deed
                    guarantees to each creditor payment in full of any debt in accordance with the deed of cross guarantee.

                    In the directors’ opinion, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company and the companies to which the ASIC Class
                    Order applies, as detailed in note 22 to the financial statements will, as a group, be able to meet any obligations or liabilities to which
                    they are, or may become, subject by virtue of the deed of cross guarantee.

                    Signed in accordance with a resolution of the directors made pursuant to s.295(5) of the Corporations Act 2001.

                    On behalf of the Directors




                    Greg Richards                                                Richard Murray
                    Chairman                                                     Group Chief Executive Officer


                    Melbourne
                    14 August 2017




                                                                                                                                                          61
                        STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
                        for the ﬁnancial year ended 30 June 2017



                                                                                                                             Consolidated
                                                                                                                              2017              2016
                                                                                                                 Notes          $m                $m

                        Revenue                                                                                            5,628.0           3,954.5
                        Cost of sales                                                                                     (4,397.5)         (3,089.1)
                        Gross proﬁt                                                                                        1,230.5             865.4




For personal use only
                        Other income                                                                                           2.0               0.6
                        Sales and marketing expenses                                                                       (580.1)           (404.6)
                        Occupancy expenses                                                                                 (248.6)           (173.8)
                        Administration expenses                                                                              (36.2)            (27.2)
                        Acquisition transaction and implementation expenses                                                  (22.4)                –
                        Other expenses                                                                                       (75.3)            (38.7)
                        Finance costs                                                                              5         (10.7)             (3.9)
                        Proﬁt before tax                                                                                     259.2             217.8
                        Income tax expense                                                                         6         (86.8)            (65.6)
                        Proﬁt for the year attributable to Owners of the Company                                             172.4             152.2


                                                                                                                             Cents             Cents
                        Earnings per share
                        Basic (cents per share)                                                                    3       154.30            151.90
                        Diluted (cents per share)                                                                  3       152.94            150.30




                        The above statement of proﬁt or loss should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                62
                    STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                    for the ﬁnancial year ended 30 June 2017



                                                                                                                           Consolidated
                                                                                                                             2017           2016
                                                                                                                               $m             $m

                    Proﬁt for the year                                                                                     172.4           152.2
                    Other comprehensive income
                    Items that may be reclassiﬁed subsequently to proﬁt or loss




For personal use only
                    Changes in the fair value of cash ﬂow hedges (net of tax)                                                (1.1)            0.1
                    Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                                                (0.1)            3.9
                    Other comprehensive (loss)/income for the year (net of tax)                                              (1.2)            4.0
                    Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to Owners of the Company                          171.2           156.2




                    The above statement of proﬁt or loss and other comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                                                                                              63
                        BALANCE SHEET
                        as at 30 June 2017



                                                                                                                      Consolidated
                                                                                                                       2017           2016
                                                                                                             Notes       $m             $m

                        ASSETS
                        Current assets
                        Cash and cash equivalents                                                                      72.8           51.9




For personal use only
                        Trade and other receivables                                                           8       196.6           98.0
                        Inventories                                                                           7       859.9          546.4
                        Other current assets                                                                  9        41.4            6.1
                        Total current assets                                                                         1,170.7         702.4
                        Non-current assets
                        Plant and equipment                                                                   10      208.2          183.6
                        Deferred tax assets                                                                   6           –            7.8
                        Intangible assets                                                                     11     1,026.6          98.5
                        Other non-current assets                                                              9        46.8              –
                        Total non-current assets                                                                     1,281.6         289.9
                        Total assets                                                                                 2,452.3         992.3
                        LIABILITIES
                        Current liabilities
                        Trade and other payables                                                              12      647.8          339.9
                        Deferred revenue                                                                      13      141.8           45.1
                        Provisions                                                                            14       75.4           46.0
                        Other current liabilities                                                             15         9.0           4.9
                        Current tax liabilities                                                                        11.8           10.9
                        Total current liabilities                                                                     885.8          446.8
                        Non-current liabilities
                        Borrowings                                                                            17      558.8          109.7
                        Deferred revenue                                                                      13       99.6              –
                        Deferred tax liabilities                                                              6          8.2             –
                        Provisions                                                                            14       11.8            6.4
                        Other non-current liabilities                                                         15       34.6           24.7
                        Total non-current liabilities                                                                 713.0          140.8
                        Total liabilities                                                                            1,598.8         587.6
                        Net assets                                                                                    853.5          404.7
                        EQUITY
                        Contributed equity                                                                    18      438.7           49.3
                        Reserves                                                                              19       33.2           27.1
                        Retained earnings                                                                             381.6          328.3
                        Total equity                                                                                  853.5          404.7




                        The above balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                64
                    STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                    for the ﬁnancial year ended 30 June 2017



                                                                         Equity       Foreign
                                                                        settled      currency                  Common
                                                        Contributed    beneﬁts     translation    Hedging        control   Retained     Total
                                                              equity   reserve        reserve     reserves      reserve    earnings    equity
                    Consolidated                Notes           $m          $m             $m          $m           $m          $m       $m

                    Balance at 1 July 2015                    56.5       21.8             1.1         0.8          (6.1)    269.3      343.4
                    Proﬁt for the year                            –          –              –           –             –     152.2      152.2




For personal use only
                    Cash ﬂow hedges
                    (net of tax)                                  –          –              –         0.1             –          –       0.1
                    Exchange difference
                    on translation of foreign
                    operations                                    –          –            3.9           –             –          –       3.9
                    Total comprehensive
                    income for the year                           –          –            3.9         0.1             –     152.2      156.2
                    Issue of shares under
                    share option plans           18             6.0          –              –           –             –          –       6.0
                    Share buy-back               18          (13.2)          –              –           –             –          –     (13.2)
                    Dividends provided for
                    or paid                      4                –          –              –           –             –      (93.2)    (93.2)
                    Share-based payments -
                    expense                                       –        4.3              –           –             –          –       4.3
                    Share-based payments -
                    income tax                                    –        1.2              –           –             –          –       1.2
                    Balance at 30 June 2016                   49.3       27.3             5.0         0.9          (6.1)    328.3      404.7


                    Balance at 1 July 2016                    49.3       27.3             5.0         0.9          (6.1)    328.3      404.7
                    Proﬁt for the year                            –          –              –           –             –     172.4      172.4
                    Cash ﬂow hedges
                    (net of tax)                                  –          –              –        (1.1)            –          –      (1.1)
                    Exchange difference
                    on translation of foreign
                    operations                                    –          –          (0.1)           –             –          –      (0.1)
                    Total comprehensive
                    income for the year                           –          –          (0.1)        (1.1)            –     172.4      171.2
                    Issue of shares under
                    share option plans           18             1.7          –              –           –             –          –       1.7
                    Share issue costs
                    (net of tax)                 18           (6.5)          –              –           –             –          –      (6.5)
                    Dividends provided for
                    or paid                      4                –          –              –           –             –    (119.1)    (119.1)
                    Issue of shares under
                    entitlement offer            18          394.2           –              –           –             –          –     394.2
                    Share-based payments -
                    expense                                       –        5.3              –           –             –          –       5.3
                    Share-based payments -
                    income tax                                    –        2.0              –           –             –          –       2.0
                    Balance at 30 June 2017                  438.7       34.6             4.9        (0.2)         (6.1)    381.6      853.5




                    The above statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                                                                                         65
                        STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                        for the ﬁnancial year ended 30 June 2017



                                                                                                                          Consolidated
                                                                                                                           2017              2016
                                                                                                               Notes         $m                $m

                        Cash ﬂows from operating activities
                        Receipts from customers                                                                         6,205.5           4,355.7
                        Payments to suppliers and employees                                                            (5,908.8)         (4,101.2)




For personal use only
                        Interest and bill discounts received                                                                1.7               0.5
                        Interest and other ﬁnance costs paid                                                               (9.3)             (3.7)
                        Income taxes paid                                                                                 (98.5)            (66.2)
                        Net cash inﬂow from operating activities                                                16        190.6             185.1
                        Cash ﬂows from investing activities
                        Payment for business combination, net of cash acquired                                  25      (836.6)                 –
                        Payments for plant and equipment                                                        10        (49.1)            (52.3)
                        Proceeds from sale of plant and equipment                                                           0.2               0.3
                        Net cash (outﬂow) from investing activities                                                     (885.5)             (52.0)
                        Cash ﬂows from ﬁnancing activities
                        Proceeds from issues of shares                                                          18        395.9               6.0
                        Proceeds/(repayment) of borrowings                                                                450.0             (30.0)
                        Payments for debt issue costs                                                                      (1.7)             (0.1)
                        Payment for shares bought back                                                          18            –             (13.2)
                        Share issue costs                                                                                  (9.2)                –
                        Dividends paid to owners of the Company                                                 4       (119.1)             (93.2)
                        Net cash inﬂow (outﬂow) from ﬁnancing activities                                                  715.9           (130.5)
                        Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                          21.0               2.6
                        Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the ﬁnancial year                                    51.9              49.1
                        Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                      (0.1)              0.2
                        Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                                           72.8              51.9




                        The above statement of cash ﬂows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                66
                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                    for the ﬁnancial year ended 30 June 2017



                    Contents of the notes to the consolidated ﬁnancial statements

                                                                                                                                                                                                               Page
                    1          About this report ................................................................................................................................................................68
                    Group Performance .....................................................................................................................................................................69
                    2          Segment information..........................................................................................................................................................69




For personal use only
                    3          Earnings per share .............................................................................................................................................................70
                    4          Dividends ...........................................................................................................................................................................71
                    5          Expenses ...........................................................................................................................................................................72
                    6          Taxation .............................................................................................................................................................................72
                    Operating Assets and Liabilities ................................................................................................................................................75
                    7          Inventories .........................................................................................................................................................................75
                    8          Trade and other receivables ...............................................................................................................................................75
                    9          Other assests ....................................................................................................................................................................76
                    10         Plant and equipment ..........................................................................................................................................................77
                    11         Intangible assets ................................................................................................................................................................78
                    12         Trade and other payables...................................................................................................................................................79
                    13         Deferred revenue ...............................................................................................................................................................79
                    14         Provisions ..........................................................................................................................................................................80
                    15         Other liabilities....................................................................................................................................................................81
                    Capital Structure and Risk Management ..................................................................................................................................82
                    16         Notes to the cash ﬂow statement.......................................................................................................................................82
                    17         Borrowings ........................................................................................................................................................................82
                    18         Contributed equity .............................................................................................................................................................83
                    19         Reserves............................................................................................................................................................................84
                    20         Financial risk management .................................................................................................................................................85
                    21         Commitments ....................................................................................................................................................................88
                    Group Structure ...........................................................................................................................................................................89
                    22         Subsidiaries .......................................................................................................................................................................89
                    23         Deed of cross guarantee ....................................................................................................................................................90
                    24         Parent entity ......................................................................................................................................................................92
                    25         Business combination ........................................................................................................................................................92
                    26         Related party transactions .................................................................................................................................................94
                    Other Disclosures ........................................................................................................................................................................95
                    27         Key management personnel disclosures ............................................................................................................................95
                    28         Share-based payments ......................................................................................................................................................95
                    29         Remuneration of auditors ...................................................................................................................................................96
                    30         Summary of other signiﬁcant accounting policies ...............................................................................................................97
                    31         Events occurring after the reporting period.......................................................................................................................100




                                                                                                                                                                                                                 67
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        for the ﬁnancial year ended 30 June 2017



                        1       ABOUT THIS REPORT

                        These are the consolidated ﬁnancial statements of JB Hi-Fi Limited (Company or parent entity) and its controlled entities.
                        JB Hi-Fi Limited and its controlled entities together are referred to in this ﬁnancial report as the Group. For the purposes of preparing
                        the consolidated ﬁnancial statements the Company is a for-proﬁt entity.

                        (a) Basis of preparation




For personal use only
                        These general purpose ﬁnancial statements have been prepared in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and
                        interpretations issued by the Australian Accounting Standards Board and the Corporations Act 2001.

                        (i)     Compliance with IFRS
                        The consolidated ﬁnancial statements of JB Hi-Fi Limited also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as
                        issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).

                        (ii)    Historical cost convention
                        These ﬁnancial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for ﬁnancial assets and liabilities
                        (including derivative instruments), and certain classes of plant and equipment which are measured at fair value.

                        (iii)   Corporation information
                        JB Hi-Fi Limited is a company limited by shares, incorporated and domiciled in Australia. Its registered ofﬁce and principal place of
                        business is Level 4, Ofﬁce Tower 2, Chadstone Place, Chadstone Shopping Centre, 1341 Dandenong Road, Chadstone, Victoria.
                        The ﬁnancial statements were authorised for issue by the directors on 14 August 2017.

                        (b) Rounding off of amounts

                        The Company is of a kind referred to in ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors’ Reports) Instrument 2016/191, dated
                        24 March 2016, and in accordance with that Corporations Instrument, amounts in the ﬁnancial report are rounded off to the nearest
                        hundred thousand dollars, unless otherwise stated.

                        (c) Sections

                        The notes in these ﬁnancial statements have been organised into the following sections to help users ﬁnd and understand the
                        information they need to know:

                        (i)     Group Performance: focuses on the results and performance of the Group;

                        (ii)    Operating Assets and Liabilities: provides information on the assets and liabilities used to generate the Group’s
                                performance;

                        (iii)   Capital Structure and Risk Management: outlines how the Group manages its capital and various ﬁnancial risks;

                        (iv) Group Structure: explains aspects of the group structure and how any changes have affected the ﬁnancial position and
                                performance of the Group; and

                        (v)     Other Disclosures: provides information on items which require disclosure to comply with Australian Accounting Standards
                                and other regulatory pronouncements.

                        (d) Critical accounting estimates and assumptions

                        Estimates and judgements used in the preparation of these ﬁnancial statements are continually evaluated and are based on
                        historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that may have a ﬁnancial impact on the Group and
                        that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.

                        The estimates and assumptions that have a signiﬁcant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and
                        liabilities within the next ﬁnancial year are included in the following notes:

                          Judgement Area                                                     Note

                          Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets                  11
                          Business combination                                                25




                68
                    GROUP PERFORMANCE

                    2     SEGMENT INFORMATION

                    (a) Description of segments

                    Management has determined the operating segments based on the reports reviewed by the Group Chief Executive Ofﬁcer that are




For personal use only
                    used to make strategic and operating decisions.

                    The Group Chief Executive Ofﬁcer considers the business primarily from a brand and geographic perspective. On this basis,
                    management has identiﬁed three reportable segments, JB Hi-Fi Australia (JB Aust), JB Hi-Fi New Zealand (JB NZ) and The Good
                    Guys (TGG). The Group Chief Executive Ofﬁcer monitors the performance of these three segments separately. The Group does not
                    operate any other brand or in any other geographic segment.


                    (b) Segment information provided to the Group Chief Executive Ofﬁcer

                    The segment information provided to the Group Chief Executive Ofﬁcer for the reportable segments for the year ended
                    30 June 2017 is as follows:

                                                                                               JB Aust         JB NZ             TGG             Total
                    2017                                                                           $m             $m              $m              $m

                    Revenue from external customers                                           4,148.6          221.0         1,258.4          5,628.0
                    EBITDA                                                                      302.0            0.6             57.7           360.3
                    Total segment assets                                                      1,139.8           52.2         1,283.8          2,475.8
                    Additions to plant and equipment                                                37.6         1.8              9.7            49.1
                    Depreciation and impairment                                                     39.5        19.0             11.2            69.7
                    Total segment liabilities                                                 1,075.9           14.4           532.0          1,622.3



                                                                                               JB Aust         JB NZ             TGG             Total
                    2016                                                                           $m             $m              $m              $m

                    Revenue from external customers                                           3,739.4          215.1                –         3,954.5
                    EBITDA                                                                      258.2            4.5                –           262.7
                    Total segment assets                                                        969.2           75.1                –         1,044.3
                    Additions to plant and equipment                                                47.0         5.3                –            52.3
                    Depreciation and impairment                                                     37.9         3.6                –            41.5
                    Total segment liabilities                                                   568.2           19.8                –           588.0

                    Note that the amounts disclosed for TGG are from the date of acquisition on 28 November 2016 until the end of the ﬁnancial year.
                    Refer to note 25 for further details.


                    (i)   EBITDA

                    The Group Chief Executive Ofﬁcer assesses the performance of the operating segments based on a measure of EBITDA.
                    This measurement basis excludes the effects of interest revenue, ﬁnance costs, income tax, depreciation, amortisation, impairment,
                    and non-operating intercompany charges.

                    A reconciliation of EBITDA to proﬁt before income tax is provided as follows:
                                                                                                                               Consolidated
                                                                                                                                 2017            2016
                                                                                                                                   $m              $m

                    EBITDA pre-transaction and implementation costs                                                            360.3            262.7
                    Transaction and implementation costs                                                                       (22.4)                  –
                    EBITDA                                                                                                     337.9            262.7
                    Interest revenue                                                                                              1.7             0.5
                    Finance costs                                                                                              (10.7)            (3.9)
                    Depreciation and impairment                                                                                (69.7)           (41.5)
                    Proﬁt before income tax from continuing operations                                                         259.2            217.8




                                                                                                                                                   69
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        for the ﬁnancial year ended 30 June 2017



                        2      SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)

                        (b) Segment information provided to the Group Chief Executive Ofﬁcer (continued)


                        (ii)   Segment assets and liabilities

                        The amounts provided to the Group Chief Executive Ofﬁcer with respect to total assets and liabilities are measured in a manner




For personal use only
                        consistent with that of the ﬁnancial statements. These assets and liabilities are allocated based on the operations of the segment or
                        the physical location of the asset.

                        Reportable segments’ assets and liabilities are reconciled to total assets and liabilities as follows:

                                                                                                                                      Consolidated
                                                                                                                                       2017             2016
                                                                                                                                         $m               $m

                        Segment assets                                                                                              2,475.8          1,044.3
                        Intersegment eliminations                                                                                     (23.5)           (52.0)
                        Total assets as per the balance sheet                                                                       2,452.3            992.3


                        Segment liabilities                                                                                         1,622.3            588.0
                        Intersegment eliminations                                                                                     (23.5)            (0.4)
                        Total liabilities as per the balance sheet                                                                  1,598.8            587.6


                        (c) Product information

                        The Group operates in one product and services segment, being the sale of consumer electronics products and services, including
                        televisions, audio equipment, computers, cameras, telecommunications products and services, software, musical instruments,
                        whitegoods, cooking products, heating and cooling products, small appliances, kitchen accessories and information technology
                        and consulting services.

                                                                                                                                      Consolidated
                                                                                                                                       2017            2016
                                                                                                                                       Cents           Cents

                        3      EARNINGS PER SHARE
                               Basic (cents per share)                                                                               154.30          151.90
                               Diluted (cents per share)                                                                             152.94          150.30



                                                                                                                                      Consolidated
                                                                                                                                       2017             2016
                                                                                                                                         $m               $m

                        (a) Reconciliation of earnings used in calculating earnings per share
                               Basic earnings per share
                               Proﬁt for the year attributable to owners of the Company                                               172.4            152.2


                               Diluted earnings per share
                               Proﬁt for the year attributable to owners of the Company                                               172.4            152.2




                70
                    3    EARNINGS PER SHARE (continued)

                                                                                                                                   Consolidated
                                                                                                                                    2017             2016
                                                                                                                                  Number           Number
                                                                                                                                       m                m

                    (b) Weighted average number of shares used as the denominator




For personal use only
                         Weighted average number of ordinary shares used as the denominator in calculating
                         basic earnings per share                                                                                  111.7            100.2
                         Adjustments for calculation of diluted earnings per share:
                         Options                                                                                                      1.0                 1.1
                         Weighted average number of ordinary and potential ordinary shares used as the
                         denominator in calculating diluted earnings per share                                                     112.7            101.3


                    In accordance with AASB 133 Earnings per Share, the comparative earnings per share calculations have been restated for the
                    bonus element of the 1 for 6.60 entitlement offer undertaken in September 2016. The previously reported June 2016 weighted
                    average number of shares has been adjusted by a factor of 1.01.

                    (c) Information concerning the classiﬁcation of securities

                    Options

                    Options granted under the Company’s share option plans are considered to be potential ordinary shares and have been included
                    in the determination of diluted earnings per share to the extent to which they are dilutive 993,326 options are considered dilutive
                    (2016: 1,060,513), 237,311 are considered anti-dilutive (2016: 518,494). The options have not been included in the determination of
                    basic earnings per share. Details relating to the options are set out in note 28.

                                                                                                        2017                            2016
                                                                                                   Cents                            Cents
                                                                                                per share                $m      per share                $m
                    4    DIVIDENDS
                    Recognised amounts
                    Final Dividend - previous ﬁnancial year                                        37.00                36.7       31.00             30.9
                    Interim Dividend - current ﬁnancial year                                       72.00                82.4       63.00             62.3
                                                                                                 109.00                119.1       94.00             93.2
                    Unrecognised amounts
                    Final Dividend - current ﬁnancial year                                         46.00                52.6       37.00             36.7


                    In respect of the ﬁnancial year ended 30 June 2017, the directors have recommended the payment of a ﬁnal dividend of 46.0 cents
                    per share. The record date is 25 August 2017.

                    All dividends declared and subsequently paid by the Company are franked to 100% at the 30% corporate income tax rate.

                                                                                                                                   Consolidated
                                                                                                                                     2017            2016
                                                                                                                                       $m              $m
                    (a) Franking account balance
                         Franking credits available for subsequent reporting periods based on a tax rate of 30.0%
                         (2016: 30.0%)                                                                                             221.5            161.7


                    The above amounts represent the balance of the franking account as at the end of the ﬁnancial year, adjusted for franking credits
                    that will arise from the payment of the amount of the provision for income tax.

                    The impact on the franking account of the dividend recommended by the directors since year end, but not recognised as a liability
                    at year end, will be a reduction in the franking account of $22.6 million (2016: $15.7 million).




                                                                                                                                                          71
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        for the ﬁnancial year ended 30 June 2017




                                                                                                                          Consolidated
                                                                                                                           2017           2016
                                                                                                                             $m             $m
                        5   EXPENSES
                            Proﬁt before income tax includes the following speciﬁc expenses:
                            Finance costs




For personal use only
                                 Interest on loans                                                                          9.6            3.5
                                 Fair value loss on interest swaps designated as cash ﬂow hedges - transfer from equity     0.4            0.1
                                 Other interest expense                                                                     0.7            0.3
                                                                                                                           10.7            3.9
                            Rental expense relating to operating leases
                                 Minimum lease payments                                                                   152.4          102.3


                            Employee beneﬁts expenses
                                 Deﬁned contribution superannuation expense                                                43.6           30.2
                                 Share-based payments - expense                                                             5.3            4.3
                                 Other employee beneﬁts                                                                   520.7          365.5
                                                                                                                          569.6          400.0


                        6   TAXATION
                        (a) Income tax expense
                            Current tax                                                                                    78.3           61.9
                            Deferred tax                                                                                    8.5            3.7
                                                                                                                           86.8           65.6


                        (b) Numerical reconciliation of income tax expense to prima facie tax payable
                            Proﬁt from continuing operations before income tax expense                                    259.2          217.8
                            Tax at the Australian tax rate of 30.0% (2016: 30.0%)                                          77.8           65.3
                            Effect of expenses that are not deductible in determining taxable proﬁt                         9.8            1.3
                            Effect of different tax rates of subsidiaries operating in other jurisdictions                  0.4              –
                            Effect of other deductibles in determining taxable proﬁt                                       (1.3)          (1.1)
                            Other                                                                                           0.1            0.1
                            Tax expense                                                                                    86.8           65.6


                        (c) Amounts recognised directly in equity
                            The following current and deferred amounts were charged directly to equity during the
                            period:
                            Current tax
                            Tax effect of employee share options in reserves                                               (2.0)          (1.2)
                            Deferred tax
                            Tax effect of hedge gains/(loss) in reserves                                                   (0.5)             –
                            Tax effect of share issue costs charged to issued capital                                      (2.7)             –
                                                                                                                           (5.2)          (1.2)




                72
                    6    TAXATION (continued)

                                                                                                                                             Consolidated
                                                                                                                                              2017           2016
                                                                                                                                                $m             $m
                    (d) Deferred tax




For personal use only
                         The balance comprises temporary differences attributable to:
                         Deferred tax assets
                         Provisions                                                                                                           35.3           22.4
                         Inventories                                                                                                           7.8            3.0
                         Deferred revenue                                                                                                     55.2               –
                         Other                                                                                                                 6.7            1.5
                                                                                                                                             105.0           26.9
                         Deferred tax liabilities
                         Brand names                                                                                                         (85.2)         (12.9)
                         Prepayments                                                                                                         (25.1)              –
                         Other                                                                                                                (2.9)          (6.2)
                                                                                                                                        (113.2)             (19.1)
                         Net deferred tax (liabilities) assets                                                                                (8.2)           7.8



                                                                                        Deferred            Brand
                    Movements -                        Provisions      Inventories      revenue            names     Prepayments               Other          Total
                    Consolidated                              $m              $m             $m               $m             $m                  $m            $m

                    At 1 July 2015                          21.4              2.8              –          (12.9)                –              (6.8)          4.5
                    Charged to income                        1.0              0.2              –               –                –               2.1           3.3
                    At 30 June 2016                         22.4              3.0              –          (12.9)                –              (4.7)          7.8


                    At 1 July 2016                          22.4              3.0              –          (12.9)                –              (4.7)          7.8
                    Business combination                    11.6              3.4          53.2           (72.3)           (23.7)               1.0         (26.8)
                    Charged to income                        1.3              1.4            2.0               –            (1.4)               5.2           8.5
                    Charged to equity                            –              –              –               –                –               2.3           2.3
                    At 30 June 2017                         35.3              7.8          55.2           (85.2)           (25.1)               3.8          (8.2)


                    (e) Recognition and measurement

                    Current tax

                    Current tax represents the amount expected to be paid to taxation authorities on taxable income for the period, using tax rates
                    enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years. Current tax
                    for current and prior periods is recognised as a liability (or asset) to the extent that it is unpaid (or refundable).


                    Deferred tax

                    Deferred tax is accounted for using the balance sheet liability method, providing for temporary differences between the carrying
                    amounts of assets and liabilities under ﬁnancial reporting and taxation purposes. Deferred tax is measured at the rates that are
                    expected to apply in the period in which the liability is settled or asset realised, based on tax rates enacted or substantively enacted
                    at the reporting date.

                    Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition (other than in a
                    business combination) of assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable proﬁt nor the accounting proﬁt or in
                    relation to the initial recognition of goodwill.

                    A deferred tax asset is recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable proﬁts will be available against which the
                    deductible temporary differences or unused tax losses and tax offsets can be utilised. Deferred tax assets are reduced to the extent
                    that it is no longer probable that the related tax beneﬁt will be realised.




                                                                                                                                                               73
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        for the ﬁnancial year ended 30 June 2017



                        6     TAXATION (continued)

                        (e) Recognition and measurement (continued)

                        Deferred tax (continued)

                        Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the Group
                        intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.




For personal use only
                        Income tax is recognised in the statement of proﬁt or loss except to the extent that it relates to items recognised directly in equity, in
                        which case, the tax is also recognised directly in equity.


                        (f)   Tax consolidation legislation

                        The Company and its wholly owned Australian resident entities are part of a tax consolidated group and are therefore taxed as a
                        single entity. The head entity within the tax consolidated group is JB Hi-Fi Limited. The members of the tax consolidated group are
                        identiﬁed at note 22.

                        Tax expense/income, deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences of the members of the tax
                        consolidated group are recognised in the separate ﬁnancial statements of the members of the tax consolidated group using the
                        ‘separate taxpayer within group’ approach by reference to the carrying amounts in the separate ﬁnancial statements of each entity
                        and the tax values applying under tax consolidation. Current tax liabilities and assets and deferred tax assets arising from unused
                        tax losses and relevant tax credits of the members of the tax consolidated group are recognised by the Company (as head entity in
                        the tax consolidated group).

                        Where the tax contribution amount recognised by each member of the tax consolidated group for a particular period is different to
                        the aggregate of the current tax liability or asset and any deferred tax asset arising from unused tax losses and tax credits in respect
                        of that period, the difference is recognised as a contribution from (or distribution to) equity participants.


                        (g) Nature of tax funding and tax sharing agreements

                        Entities within the tax consolidated group have entered into a tax funding arrangement and a tax sharing agreement with the head
                        entity. Under the terms of the tax funding arrangement, JB Hi-Fi Limited and each of the entities in the tax consolidated group have
                        agreed to pay a tax equivalent payment to or from the head entity, based on the current tax liability or current tax asset of the entity.
                        Such amounts are reﬂected in amounts receivable from or payable to other entities in the tax consolidated group.

                        The tax sharing agreement entered into between members of the tax consolidated group provides for the determination of the
                        allocation of income tax liabilities between the entities should the head entity default on its tax payment obligations or if an entity
                        should leave the tax consolidated group. The effect of the tax sharing agreement is that each member’s liability for tax payable by
                        the tax consolidated group is limited to the amount payable to the head entity under the tax funding agreement.

                        JB Hi-Fi calculates deferred taxes in relation to investments within the tax consolidated group using the ‘change in tax status’ view.
                        This view results in no deferred tax being recognised until such time as an entity leaves the tax consolidated group.




                74
                    OPERATING ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

                                                                                                                                    Consolidated
                                                                                                                                      2017             2016
                                                                                                                                        $m               $m

                    7    INVENTORIES




For personal use only
                         Finished goods                                                                                             859.9            546.4


                    (a) Recognition and measurement

                    Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs are assigned to individual items of inventory on the basis of
                    weighted average costs. Costs of inventories are determined after deducting rebates and discounts. Net realisable value represents
                    the estimated selling price less all estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

                    Determining the net realisable value of inventories relies on key assumptions that require the use of management judgement. These
                    key assumptions are the variables affecting the expected selling price and are reviewed annually. Any reassessment of the selling
                    price in a particular year will affect the cost of goods sold.

                                                                                                                                    Consolidated
                                                                                                                                      2017             2016
                                                                                                                                        $m               $m
                    8    TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                         Trade receivables                                                                                            54.2             31.5
                         Allowance for doubtful debts                                                                                 (0.7)            (0.5)
                                                                                                                                      53.5             31.0
                         Non-trade receivables                                                                                      143.1              67.0
                                                                                                                                    196.6              98.0


                    (a) Terms and conditions

                         Trade receivables

                         The average credit period on account sales of goods is 30 days. No interest is charged on trade receivables. An allowance has
                         been made for estimated irrecoverable amounts arising from a review of individual debtors. Credit insurance is carried for most
                         commercial debtor accounts. Trade receivables are recognised at amortised cost less provision for impairment.


                         Non-trade receivables

                         Non-trade receivables principally represent rebates receivable from suppliers for purchases of inventories. No amount is
                         considered irrecoverable from suppliers and therefore no allowance has been made.

                                                                                                                                    Consolidated
                                                                                                                                      2017             2016
                                                                                                                                        $m               $m
                    (b) Ageing of trade receivables
                         Not past due                                                                                                 48.2             28.9
                         Past due but not impaired:
                         0 - 30 days                                                                                                   4.0              1.3
                         31 - 60 days                                                                                                  1.3              0.8
                         61 - 90 days                                                                                                    –                –
                         91+ days                                                                                                        –                –
                                                                                                                                      53.5             31.0




                                                                                                                                                        75
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        for the ﬁnancial year ended 30 June 2017



                        8    TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (continued)

                                                                                                                                        Consolidated
                                                                                                                                         2017              2016
                                                                                                                                           $m                $m
                        (c) Movements in allowance for doubtful debts
                             Balance at the beginning of the year                                                                          0.5              0.4




For personal use only
                             Provision for impairment recognised during the year                                                           0.3              0.2
                             Receivables written off during the year as uncollectable                                                     (0.1)            (0.1)
                                                                                                                                           0.7              0.5


                        (d) Ageing of impaired trade receivables
                             0 - 31 days                                                                                                     –                  –
                             31 - 60 days                                                                                                  0.1                  –
                             61 - 90 days                                                                                                  0.5              0.4
                             91+ days                                                                                                      0.1              0.1
                                                                                                                                           0.7              0.5


                        (e) Collectability of trade receivables

                        Collectability of trade receivables is reviewed on an ongoing basis. An allowance account (provision for impairment of trade
                        receivables) is used when there is objective evidence that the Group will not be able to collect all amounts due according to the
                        original terms of the receivables. The amount of the impairment allowance is the difference between the asset’s carrying amount
                        and the amount expected to be collected.

                        The amount of the impairment loss is recognised in proﬁt or loss within other expenses. When a trade receivable for which an
                        impairment allowance had been recognised becomes uncollectible in a subsequent period, it is written off against the allowance
                        account. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited against other expenses in proﬁt or loss.

                        The Group has not impaired all debts that are past due at the reporting date as the Group considers the majority of these amounts
                        to be recoverable. The Group does not hold any collateral over trade receivables with the exception of retention of title for certain
                        customers.

                                                                                                                                        Consolidated
                                                                                                                                         2017              2016
                                                                                                                                           $m                $m
                        9    OTHER ASSETS
                             Current
                             Prepayments                                                                                                 29.8               3.1
                             Other                                                                                                       11.6               3.0
                                                                                                                                         41.4               6.1
                             Non-current
                             Prepayments                                                                                                 46.8                   –
                                                                                                                                         46.8                   –


                        Prepayments includes payments made in relation to The Goods Guys Gold Service Extras program and general prepaid expenses.




                76
                                                                                                                  Plant and       Leasehold
                                                                                                                 equipment     improvements               Total
                                                                                                                        $m              $m                 $m
                    10   PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                         At 1 July 2015
                         Cost                                                                                        240.8            143.7             384.5




For personal use only
                         Accumulated depreciation and impairment                                                    (126.0)            (82.3)          (208.3)
                         Net book amount                                                                             114.8              61.4            176.2
                         Year ended 30 June 2016
                         Opening net book amount                                                                     114.8              61.4            176.2
                         Exchange differences                                                                           0.7              0.3               1.0
                         Additions                                                                                    32.6              19.7             52.3
                         Disposals                                                                                    (4.0)             (0.4)            (4.4)
                         Depreciation charge                                                                         (23.3)            (17.6)           (40.9)
                         Impairment charge                                                                            (0.3)             (0.3)            (0.6)
                         Closing net book amount                                                                     120.5              63.1            183.6
                         At 30 June 2016
                         Cost                                                                                        259.0            160.4             419.4
                         Accumulated depreciation and impairment                                                    (138.5)            (97.3)          (235.8)
                         Net book amount                                                                             120.5              63.1            183.6
                         Year ended 30 June 2017
                         Opening net book amount                                                                     120.5              63.1            183.6
                         Acquisitions through business combination                                                    35.0               0.2             35.2
                         Additions                                                                                    33.5              15.6             49.1
                         Disposals                                                                                    (4.5)             (0.2)            (4.7)
                         Depreciation charge                                                                         (35.6)            (18.3)           (53.9)
                         Impairment charge                                                                            (0.7)             (0.4)            (1.1)
                         Closing net book amount                                                                     148.2              60.0            208.2
                         At 30 June 2017
                         Cost                                                                                        310.6            173.9             484.5
                         Accumulated depreciation and impairment                                                    (162.4)          (113.9)           (276.3)
                         Net book amount                                                                             148.2              60.0            208.2

                    (a) Recognition and measurement

                    Plant and equipment and leasehold improvements are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment (if any).
                    Cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the item.

                    Depreciation is provided on plant and equipment and leasehold improvements. Depreciation is calculated on a straight line basis
                    so as to write off the net cost of each asset over its expected useful life to its estimated residual value. The estimated useful lives,
                    residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each annual reporting period, with the effect of any changes
                    recognised on a prospective basis.

                    The following estimated useful lives are used in the calculation of depreciation:

                    •    Leasehold improvements                 1 to 15 years
                    •    Plant and equipment                    1.5 to 15 years

                    Plant and equipment and leasehold improvements are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
                    that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.

                    An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount.
                    The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs to sell and value in use. For the purposes of assessing
                    impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identiﬁable cash inﬂows which are largely
                    independent of the cash inﬂows from other assets or groups of assets (cash-generating units).

                    An item of plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic beneﬁts are expected to arise from the
                    continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement of an item of plant and equipment is determined as
                    the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset, and is recognised in other expenses in the proﬁt
                    or loss.



                                                                                                                                                           77
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        for the ﬁnancial year ended 30 June 2017




                                                                                                                 Brand       Location        Rights to
                                                                                              Goodwill          names       premiums       proﬁt share           Total
                                                                                                  $m               $m             $m               $m             $m
                        11   INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                             Year ended 30 June 2016
                             Opening net book amount                                              48.4           43.1             2.4             3.5           97.4




For personal use only
                             Exchange differences                                                  1.1               –               –                –           1.1
                             Closing net book amount                                              49.5           43.1             2.4             3.5           98.5


                             Year ended 30 June 2017
                             Opening net book amount                                              49.5           43.1             2.4             3.5           98.5
                             Additions - business combination (note 25)                         701.5           241.3                –                –        942.8
                             Impairment charge                                                  (14.7)               –               –                –        (14.7)
                             Closing net book amount                                            736.3           284.4             2.4             3.5        1,026.6

                        (a) Recognition and measurement

                        Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition over the fair value of the Company’s share of the net identiﬁable assets
                        acquired at the date of acquisition.

                        Brand names, location premiums and rights to proﬁt share are assessed as having indeﬁnite useful lives. This assessment reﬂects
                        management’s intention to continue to utilise these intangible assets into the foreseeable future. Each period, the useful life of these assets
                        are reviewed to determine whether events and circumstances continue to support an indeﬁnite useful life assessment for the assets.

                        Intangible assets that have an indeﬁnite useful life are carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses.


                        (b) Impairment testing

                        Intangible assets that have an indeﬁnite useful life are not subject to amortisation and are tested annually for impairment, or more
                        frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be impaired.

                        An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount.
                        The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs to sell and value in use. For the purposes of assessing
                        impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identiﬁable cash inﬂows which are largely
                        independent of the cash inﬂows from other assets or groups of assets (cash-generating units). Non-ﬁnancial assets other than
                        goodwill that suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at the end of each reporting period.

                        For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units (‘CGUs’), or groups of
                        CGUs, expected to beneﬁt from the synergies of the business combination.

                        If the recoverable amount of the CGU (or groups of CGUs) is less than the carrying amount of the CGU (or groups of CGUs),
                        the impairment loss is allocated ﬁrst to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the CGU (or groups of CGUs) and
                        then to the other assets in the CGU (or groups of CGUs) pro rata on the basis of the carrying amount of each asset in the CGU
                        (or groups of CGUs). An impairment loss recognised for goodwill is recognised immediately in proﬁt or loss.

                        On disposal of an operation within a CGU, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the proﬁt or loss on
                        disposal of the operation.

                        The carrying amount of goodwill is allocated to the following cash generating units (CGUs) or groups of CGUs for impairment testing
                        purposes:
                                                                                                                                             Consolidated
                                                                                                                                               2017             2016
                                                                                                                                                 $m               $m

                        JB Hi-Fi Australia                                                                                                   161.3              26.7
                        Impact Records (store acquisition)                                                                                      1.7               1.7
                        JB Hi-Fi New Zealand                                                                                                      –             14.7
                        JB Solutions division (Commercial)                                                                                      6.4               6.4
                        The Good Guys                                                                                                        566.9                  –
                                                                                                                                             736.3              49.5




                78
                    11   INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued)

                    (b) Impairment testing (continued)

                    The goodwill arising on the acquisition of The Good Guys of $701.5m (refer note 25), has been allocated to the JB Hi-Fi Australia
                    CGU ($134.6m) and The Good Guys CGU ($566.9m) based on their expected earnings contribution to the group arising from the
                    acquisition.




For personal use only
                    The recoverable amount of each CGU (or group of CGUs) has been determined based on value in use calculations which use cash
                    ﬂow projections from ﬁnancial budgets approved by management covering a ﬁve year period, using a discount rate of 10.0% for
                    JB Hi-Fi Australia, Impact Records and JB Solutions division (2016: 11.0%), 10.5% for JB Hi-Fi New Zealand (2016: 11.5%) and
                    10.5% for The Good Guys. The cash ﬂows beyond the budget period have been extrapolated using a steady 2% long term growth
                    rate (2016: 2%) which is consistent with the projected long term average growth rate for the consumer products market.

                    The key assumptions used in the value in use calculations include sales growth, cost of doing business (CODB) efﬁciencies and the
                    discount rate. The assumptions regarding sales growth and CODB efﬁciencies are based on past experience and the Company’s
                    forecast operating and ﬁnancial performance for each CGU (or group of CGUs). The discount rate is derived from the Group’s
                    weighted average cost of capital, adjusted for varying risk proﬁles.


                    (c) Impairment charge

                    The goodwill associated with JB Hi-Fi New Zealand of $14.7m was impaired following poor performance in the year ended
                    30 June 2017 for the CGU.

                    The impairment charge has been included in proﬁt or loss in the other expenses line item.

                                                                                                                                  Consolidated
                                                                                                                                   2017             2016
                                                                                                                                     $m               $m

                    12   TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                         Trade payables                                                                                           583.7            302.1
                         Goods and services tax (GST) payable                                                                      24.1             21.4
                         Other creditors and accruals                                                                              40.0             16.4
                                                                                                                                  647.8            339.9


                    Trade payables and other creditors and accruals represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior to the end of
                    ﬁnancial year which are unpaid. Trade and other payables are stated at amortised cost. The amounts are unsecured and are usually
                    settled within 45 days of recognition.
                                                                                                                                  Consolidated
                                                                                                                                   2017             2016
                                                                                                                                     $m               $m

                    13   DEFERRED REVENUE
                         Current
                         Deferred revenue                                                                                         141.8             45.1
                                                                                                                                  141.8             45.1


                         Non-current
                         Deferred revenue                                                                                          99.6                 –
                                                                                                                                   99.6                 –


                    Deferred revenue relates to unfulﬁlled services to be performed under The Good Guys Gold Service Extras program, unredeemed
                    gift cards and customer deposits. Refer to note 30(a) for revenue recognition accounting policy.




                                                                                                                                                      79
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        for the ﬁnancial year ended 30 June 2017




                                                                                                                                       Consolidated
                                                                                                                                         2017             2016
                                                                                                                                           $m               $m

                        14     PROVISIONS
                               Current
                               Employee beneﬁts                                                                                          70.5             44.0




For personal use only
                               Lease provision                                                                                            4.9              2.0
                                                                                                                                         75.4             46.0


                               Non-current
                               Employee beneﬁts                                                                                           7.3              4.9
                               Lease provision                                                                                            4.5              1.5
                                                                                                                                         11.8              6.4

                        (a) Recognition and measurement

                        Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is probable
                        that the Group will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

                        The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at reporting
                        date, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. Where a provision is measured using the cash ﬂows
                        estimated to settle the present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those cash ﬂows.


                        (i)    Employee beneﬁts

                        Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary beneﬁts, are recognised in respect of employees’ services up to the end
                        of the reporting period and are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when the liabilities are settled. The liability for annual
                        leave and unpaid bonuses are recognised in the provision for employee beneﬁts. All other short-term employee beneﬁt obligations
                        are presented as payables.

                        Contributions to deﬁned contribution superannuation plans are expensed when employees have rendered services entitling them to
                        the contributions.

                        The liability for long service leave is recognised in the provision for employee beneﬁts and measured as the present value of
                        expected future payments to be made in respect of services provided by employees, up to the end of the reporting period.
                        Expected future payments are discounted using the Australian corporate bond discount rate curve as published by Milliman with
                        terms to maturity and currency that match, as closely as possible, the estimated future cash outﬂows.

                        Management judgement is applied in determining the following key assumptions used in the calculation of long service leave at
                        balance date:

                        •      future increases in wages and salaries;

                        •      future on cost rates; and

                        •      experience of employee departures and period of service.


                        (ii)   Lease provision

                        The lease provision includes the Group’s best estimate of the amount required to return the Group’s leased premises to their original
                        condition, taking into account due consideration of the Group’s past history of vacating stores and the Group’s best estimate of
                        onerous lease obligations.




                80
                                                                                                                                     Consolidated
                                                                                                                                      2017             2016
                                                                                                                                        $m               $m

                    15   OTHER LIABILITIES
                         Current
                         Lease accrual                                                                                                 2.9                2.0




For personal use only
                         Lease incentive                                                                                               4.8                2.9
                         Other ﬁnancial liabilities                                                                                    1.3                  –
                                                                                                                                       9.0                4.9


                         Non-current
                         Lease accrual                                                                                                14.8             11.5
                         Lease incentive                                                                                              19.8             13.2
                                                                                                                                      34.6             24.7


                    (a) Lease accrual

                    Leases in which a signiﬁcant portion of the risks and rewards of ownership are not transferred to the Group as lessee are classiﬁed
                    as operating leases. Payments made under operating leases (net of any incentives received from the lessor) are charged to the
                    statement of proﬁt or loss on a straight line basis over the period of the lease. The lease accrual represents the difference between
                    the expense incurred and the payments made.


                    (b) Lease incentives

                    In the event that lease incentives (for example rent free periods and upfront capital contributions) are received to enter into operating
                    leases, such incentives are recognised as a liability. The aggregate beneﬁts of incentives are recognised as a reduction of rental
                    expense on a straight line basis over the period of the lease.


                    (c) Other ﬁnancial liabilities

                    Other ﬁnancial liabilities represents the fair value of interest rate swaps and caps, along with forward foreign exchange contracts
                    held by the Group. Refer to note 20 for further details.




                                                                                                                                                          81
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        for the ﬁnancial year ended 30 June 2017



                        CAPITAL STRUCTURE AND RISK MANAGEMENT

                        16   NOTES TO THE CASH FLOW STATEMENT

                        For the purposes of the cash ﬂow statement, cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand and in banks, net of outstanding
                        bank overdrafts.




For personal use only
                        (a) Reconciliation of net cash inﬂow from operating activities to proﬁt

                                                                                                                                           Consolidated
                                                                                                                                            2017              2016
                                                                                                                                              $m                $m

                        Proﬁt for the year                                                                                                 172.4            152.2
                        Depreciation and amortisation                                                                                       53.9              40.9
                        Impairment of plant and equipment                                                                                     1.1                 0.6
                        Impairment of goodwill                                                                                              14.7                   –
                        Non-cash employee beneﬁts expense - share-based payments                                                              5.3                 4.3
                        Net loss on disposal of non-current assets                                                                            4.5                 4.1
                        Change in operating assets and liabilities net of effects from acquisition of businesses:
                        (Increase) decrease in inventories                                                                                 (56.3)           (64.8)
                        (Increase) decrease in current receivables                                                                            3.0           (16.3)
                        (Increase) decrease in other current assets                                                                         (3.0)                 1.3
                        (Increase) decrease in deferred tax assests                                                                         (8.5)             (3.3)
                        (Decrease) increase in current payables                                                                             (5.8)             58.2
                        (Decrease) increase in current provisions                                                                             4.2                 5.3
                        (Decrease) increase in other current liabilities                                                                      1.4                 0.2
                        (Decrease) increase in non-current provisions                                                                       (0.2)                 0.3
                        (Decrease) increase in other non-current liabilities                                                                  7.2             (0.7)
                        (Decrease) increase in current tax liabilities                                                                      (3.3)                 2.8
                        Net cash inﬂow from operating activities                                                                           190.6            185.1


                        17   BORROWINGS
                             Unsecured non-current
                             Bank loans                                                                                                    558.8            109.7



                        During the year ended 30 June 2017, in order to fund the acquisition of The Good Guys, the Group utilised $50 million of existing
                        debt facilities and entered into a new $450 million multi-tranche acquisition debt facility with a syndicate of banks. The tranches in
                        the new debt facility have a 3 and 4 year tenor.

                        In line with the Group’s ﬁnancial risk management policy, the Group has utilised an interest rate swap and interest rate cap over
                        approximately 50% of the Group’s borrowings to mitigate the risk of changing interest rates on the variable rate debt held.


                        (a) Recognition and measurement

                        Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently measured at
                        amortised cost.

                        Borrowings are classiﬁed as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement of the liability for at
                        least 12 months after the reporting date, and intends to do so.

                        The Group monitors compliance with its ﬁnancial covenants on a monthly basis and reports compliance on a semi-annual basis to
                        the banks. The Group has complied with all such requirements during the current and previous year.




                82
                                                                                                    Parent entity                       Parent entity
                                                                                                    2017              2016               2017            2016
                                                                                                   Shares            Shares                $m              $m

                    18     CONTRIBUTED EQUITY
                    (a) Share capital
                    Ordinary shares - fully paid                                            114,421,403        98,947,309               438.7            49.3




For personal use only
                    Ordinary shares issued are classiﬁed as equity and are fully paid, have no par value and carry one vote per share and the right to
                    dividends. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the
                    proceeds.

                    If the entity reacquires its own equity instruments, for example, as the result of a share buy-back, those instruments are deducted
                    from equity and the associated shares are cancelled. No gain or loss is recognised in the proﬁt or loss and the consideration paid,
                    including any directly attributable incremental costs (net of income taxes), is recognised directly in equity.


                    (b) Movements in ordinary share capital

                                                                                                                                     Number of
                    Date             Details                                                                                            shares            $m

                    1 July 2015      Opening balance                                                                            98,989,901               56.5
                                     Issue of shares under the share option plans                                                     671,849             6.0
                                     Share buy-back                                                                                  (714,441)          (13.2)
                    30 June 2016     Closing balance                                                                            98,947,309               49.3


                    1 July 2016      Opening balance                                                                            98,947,309               49.3
                                     Issue of shares under the entitlement offer                                                15,046,182              394.2
                                     Issue of shares under share option and deferred STI plans                                        427,912             1.7
                                     Share issue costs (net of tax)                                                                         –            (6.5)
                    30 June 2017     Closing balance                                                                           114,421,403              438.7


                    (c) Share options

                    In accordance with the provisions of the Company’s share option plans, as at 30 June 2017, executives and non-executive
                    management have options over 1,359,199 ordinary shares (which were all unvested), in aggregate, with various expiry dates.

                    As at 30 June 2016, executives and non-executive management had options over 1,626,375 ordinary shares (which were all
                    unvested), in aggregate, with various expiry dates.

                    Share options granted under the Company’s share option plans carry no rights to dividends and no voting rights.


                    (d) Capital management

                    The Board reviews the capital structure on an ongoing basis. The Group’s objective is to maintain an optimal capital structure which
                    seeks to reduce the cost of capital and to ensure the Group has access to adequate capital to sustain the future development of
                    the business.

                    In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the level of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital to
                    shareholders, buy back shares, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt.

                    As part of its capital management program, the Group monitors the return on invested capital and the gearing ratio. The Group
                    deﬁnes return on invested capital as earnings before interest and tax (EBIT) divided by the sum of total equity plus net debt and
                    the gearing ratio as term debt excluding capitalised borrowing costs, plus bank overdrafts and hire purchase liabilities, divided by
                    earnings before interest, taxation, depreciation, amortisation and impairment (EBITDA).

                    The Board has adopted a policy of monitoring the dividend payout ratio and targeting a payout ratio of approximately 65% of net
                    proﬁt after tax as it seeks to strike a balance between shareholder returns and ensuring adequate capital is retained for the growth
                    of the business so as to maximise long term shareholder returns.

                    There were no changes in the Group’s approach to capital management during the year.




                                                                                                                                                          83
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        for the ﬁnancial year ended 30 June 2017



                        18      CONTRIBUTED EQUITY (continued)

                        (d) Capital management (continued)

                        The Group’s return on invested capital and gearing ratios as at 30 June 2017 and 30 June 2016 were as follows:
                                                                                                                                          Consolidated
                                                                                                                                           2017              2016




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                             $m                $m
                        Return on invested capital
                        Proﬁt before tax                                                                                                  259.2             217.8
                        Net ﬁnance costs                                                                                                    9.0               3.4
                        EBIT                                                                                                              268.2             221.2

                        Borrowings                                                                                                        558.8             109.7
                        Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                         (72.8)            (51.9)
                        Net debt                                                                                                          486.0              57.8

                        Total equity                                                                                                      853.5             404.7
                        Invested capital                                                                                                1,339.5             462.5

                        Return on invested capital                                                                                         20%              47.8%

                        Gearing
                        Term debt                                                                                                         560.0             110.0

                        EBIT                                                                                                              268.2             221.2
                        Depreciation and impairment                                                                                        69.7              41.5
                        EBITDA                                                                                                            337.9             262.7

                        Gearing                                                                                                            1.66              0.42

                        19      RESERVES
                        Equity-settled beneﬁts                                                                                             34.6              27.3
                        Common control reserve                                                                                             (6.1)             (6.1)
                        Hedging reserves                                                                                                   (0.2)              0.9
                        Foreign currency translation reserve                                                                                4.9               5.0
                                                                                                                                           33.2              27.1

                        (a) Nature and purpose of reserves

                        (i)     Equity-settled beneﬁts

                        The equity-settled beneﬁts reserve arises on the grant of share options to executives and non-executive management under the
                        Company’s share option plans. Further information about share based payments is in note 28 to the ﬁnancial statements.


                        (ii)    Common control reserve

                        The common control reserve represents the excess of the purchase consideration over the balance of a non-controlling interest at
                        the date a change in ownership of a subsidiary occurs.


                        (iii)   Hedging reserves

                        Hedging reserves include gains and losses recognised on the effective portion of cash ﬂow hedges with respect to the Group’s
                        interest rate swaps, caps and forward foreign exchange contracts as described in note 30(b), in addition to gains and losses
                        recognised on the effective portion of foreign currency loans in previous periods designated as net investment hedges.

                        The cumulative deferred gain or loss on the interest rate swaps, caps and forward foreign exchange contracts is recognised in the
                        proﬁt or loss when the hedged transaction impacts the proﬁt or loss. The gains and losses deferred due to the net investment hedge
                        are recognised in the proﬁt or loss when the foreign operation is disposed.


                        (iv) Foreign currency translation

                        Exchange differences relating to the translation of the Group’s foreign controlled entities from their functional currencies into
                        Australian dollars are brought to account directly to the foreign currency translation reserve, as described in note 30(c).




                84
                    20    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

                    The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of ﬁnancial risks, including market risk (foreign currency and interest rate risk), liquidity
                    risk and credit risk.

                    The Group seeks to minimise the effects of these risks, by using various ﬁnancial instruments, including derivative ﬁnancial
                    instruments. The Group does not enter into or trade ﬁnancial instruments, including derivative ﬁnancial instruments, for speculative




For personal use only
                    purposes. The use of ﬁnancial derivatives is governed by the Group’s policies approved by the Board of directors, which provide
                    written principles on the use of ﬁnancial derivatives.

                    Due to the acquisition of The Good Guys, the Group is now exposed to some foreign currency risk as The Good Guys purchase
                    some private label product denominated in foreign currencies. In order to minimise this risk, the Group now holds forward foreign
                    exchange contracts.

                    The Group holds the following ﬁnancial assets and liabilities at reporting date:
                                                                                                                                         Consolidated
                                                                                                                                            2017             2016
                                                                                                                                              $m               $m

                    Financial assets
                    Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                               72.8             51.9
                    Trade and other receivables                                                                                          196.6               98.0
                                                                                                                                         269.4             149.9
                    Financial liabilities
                    Trade and other payables                                                                                             647.8             339.9
                    Bank loans                                                                                                           558.8             109.7
                    Interest rate swaps and caps (net settled)                                                                               0.6                  –
                    Forward foreign exchange contracts                                                                                       0.7                  –
                                                                                                                                       1,207.9             449.6

                    (a) Market risk


                    (i)   Foreign exchange risk management

                    The majority of the Group’s operations are denominated in the functional currency of the country of operation therefore minimising
                    the impact of further foreign currency risk. That is, transactions and balances related to the Australian operations are denominated in
                    Australian dollars and transactions and balances related to the New Zealand operations are denominated in New Zealand dollars.

                    The Group undertakes some transactions denominated in foreign currencies; consequently, exposures to exchange rate ﬂuctuations
                    arise. Exchange rate exposures are managed within approved policy parameters utilising forward foreign exchange contracts.


                    Forward foreign exchange contracts

                    It is the policy of the Group to enter into forward foreign exchange contracts to cover speciﬁc foreign currency payments (normally
                    USD or EUR) for future purchases.

                    The following table details the forward foreign exchange contracts outstanding at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                                                       30 June 2017
                                                                                                Weighted average         Foreign currency           Notional value
                    Consolidated                                                                   exchange rate                       m                     A$m

                    Forward exchange contracts
                    - buy USD (cash ﬂow hedges)                                                              0.75                   25.6                    34.2
                    - buy Euro (cash ﬂow hedges)                                                             0.67                     4.3                     6.4


                    There were no forward exchange contacts at 30 June 2016.


                    Summarised sensitivity analysis

                    The carrying value of forward foreign exchange contracts at 30 June 2017 was $0.7m (2016: nil). Using a sensitivity of 10%
                    movement in exchange rates results in an immaterial impact on the carrying value.



                                                                                                                                                              85
                              NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                              for the ﬁnancial year ended 30 June 2017



                    20     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

                    (a) Market risk (continued)


                    (ii)   Cash ﬂow and fair value interest rate risk

                    The Group is exposed to interest rate risk as it borrows funds at ﬂoating interest rates. The risk is managed by the Group by




For personal use only
                    maintaining an appropriate mix between ﬁxed and ﬂoating rate borrowings through the use of interest rate swap and cap contracts.
                    Hedging activities are evaluated regularly to align with interest rate views and deﬁned risk appetite, ensuring optimal hedging
                    strategies are applied, by either positioning the balance sheet or protecting interest expense through different interest rate cycles.


                    Interest rate swap and interest rate cap contracts

                    Under interest rate swap and cap contracts, the Group agrees to exchange the difference between ﬁxed and ﬂoating rate interest
                    amounts calculated on agreed notional principal amounts. Such contracts enable the Group to mitigate the risk of changing
                    interest rates on the cash ﬂow exposures on the issued variable rate debt held. The fair value of interest rate swaps and caps at the
                    reporting date is determined by discounting the future cash ﬂows using the forward interest rate curves at reporting date and the
                    credit risk inherent in the contract.

                    The following tables detail the notional principal amounts and interest rate swap and cap contracts outstanding as at reporting date
                    and weighted average interest rates based on the outstanding balances and applicable interest rates throughout the ﬁnancial year:

                                                                                                   30 June 2017                       30 June 2016
                                                                                              Weighted                           Weighted
                                                                                               average                            average
                                                                                           interest rate          Balance     interest rate           Balance
                    Consolidated                                                                      %               $m                 %                $m

                    Bank loans                                                                 2.95%               560.0          2.97%                110.0
                    Interest rate swaps and caps (notional principal amount)                   3.10%               250.0                 –                   –
                    Net exposure to cash ﬂow interest rate risk                                                    810.0                               110.0



                    The interest rate swaps and caps settle on a monthly basis and the Group settles the difference on a net basis. The interest rate
                    swap and cap contracts are designated as cash ﬂow hedges in order to reduce the Group’s cash ﬂow exposure resulting from
                    variable interest rates on borrowings. The interest rate swaps, caps and the interest payments on the loan occur simultaneously and
                    the amount deferred in equity is recognised in proﬁt or loss over the period that the ﬂoating interest payments impact proﬁt or loss.


                    Summarised sensitivity analysis

                    At 30 June 2017, the carrying value of interest rate swap and caps was $0.6m (2016: nil) and borrowings was $558.8m
                    (2016: $109.7m). Using a sensitivity of 50 basis points results in an immaterial impact on the carrying values.


                    (b) Liquidity risk

                    Ultimate responsibility for liquidity risk management rests with the Board of directors, who assess the Group’s short, medium and
                    long term funding and liquidity management requirements. The Group manages liquidity risk by maintaining adequate reserves,
                    banking facilities and reserve borrowing facilities and by continuously monitoring forecast and actual cash ﬂows.




                86
                    20     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

                    (b) Liquidity risk (continued)


                    Financing arrangements

                    The Group had access to the following undrawn borrowing facilities at the end of the reporting period:




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                         Consolidated
                                                                                                                                          2017             2016
                                                                                                                                            $m               $m
                    Unsecured bank overdraft facility:
                           amount used                                                                                                     5.1                 –
                           amount unused                                                                                                  84.4             89.5
                                                                                                                                          89.5             89.5
                    Unsecured indemnity guarantees:
                           amount used                                                                                                     7.4               1.3
                           amount unused                                                                                                   1.5               0.1
                                                                                                                                           8.9               1.4
                    Unsecured bank loan facilities (term debt):
                           amount used(i)                                                                                                560.0           110.0
                           amount unused                                                                                                  90.0             90.0
                                                                                                                                         650.0           200.0
                    Headroom in total borrowing facilities (excluding security indemnity guarantees)                                     174.4           179.5

                    (i)    Face value of term debt (excluding capitalised borrowing costs).


                    Maturities of ﬁnancial liabilities

                    The following tables detail the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its ﬁnancial liabilities. The tables have been drawn up
                    based on the undiscounted cash ﬂows of ﬁnancial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay.
                    The table includes both principal and estimated interest cash ﬂows.

                    Cash ﬂows for ﬁnancial liabilities without ﬁxed amount or timing are based on the conditions existing at the reporting date.

                                                                                                                                                       Weighted
                                                                                                                                                        average
                                                            Less than                         Between         Between                                   effective
                                                            6 months     6 - 12 months    1 and 2 years   2 and 5 years   Over 5 years      Total   interest rate
                    2017                                          $m               $m               $m              $m             $m        $m                %

                    Financial liabilities
                    Trade and other payables                   647.8                 –               –               –              –     647.8                –
                    Bank loans                                    8.3              8.3          206.2           369.5               –     592.3         2.95%
                    Interest rate swaps and caps
                    (net settled)                                 0.3              0.2            (0.1)              –              –        0.4        3.10%
                    Forward foreign exchange
                    contracts                                     0.5              0.2               –               –              –        0.7               –
                                                               656.9               8.7          206.1           369.5               –    1,241.2



                                                                                                                                                       Weighted
                                                                                                                                                        average
                                                            Less than                         Between         Between                                   effective
                                                            6 months     6 - 12 months    1 and 2 years   2 and 5 years   Over 5 years      Total   interest rate
                    2016                                          $m               $m               $m              $m             $m        $m                %

                    Financial liabilities
                    Trade and other payables                   339.9                 –               –               –              –     339.9                –
                    Bank loans                                    1.6              1.6          113.3                –              –     116.5         2.97%
                                                               341.5               1.6          113.3                –              –     456.4




                                                                                                                                                             87
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        for the ﬁnancial year ended 30 June 2017



                        20   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)


                        (c) Credit risk management

                        Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in ﬁnancial loss to the Group.
                        The Group has endeavoured to minimise its credit risk by dealing with creditworthy counterparties. The Group’s exposure and the
                        credit ratings of its counterparties are continuously monitored and the aggregate value of transactions concluded is spread amongst




For personal use only
                        approved counterparties.

                        The Group does not have any signiﬁcant credit risk exposure to any single counterparty or any group of counterparties having
                        similar characteristics.

                        The carrying amount of ﬁnancial assets recorded in the ﬁnancial statements, net of any allowance for impairment, represents the
                        Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk.


                        (d) Fair value of ﬁnancial instruments

                        The only ﬁnancial assets or ﬁnancial liabilities carried at fair value are interest rate swaps, interest rate caps and foreign currency
                        forward contracts.

                        All these instruments are considered to be Level 2 ﬁnancial instruments because, unlike Level 1 ﬁnancial instruments, their
                        measurement is derived from inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the assets or liabilities, either directly (as prices)
                        or indirectly (derived from prices).

                        The interest rate swaps and caps fair value was obtained from third party valuations derived from discounted cash ﬂow forecasts of
                        interest rates from observable yield curves at the end of the reporting period and contract interest rates.

                        The foreign currency forward contracts fair value was obtained from third party valuations derived from discounted cash ﬂow
                        forecasts of forward exchange rates at the end of the reporting period and contract exchange rates.

                        There were no transfers between levels 1, 2 and 3 for recurring fair value measurements during the ﬁnancial year.

                        The carrying amount of other ﬁnancial assets and ﬁnancial liabilities recorded in the ﬁnancial statements approximate their fair values.


                        21   COMMITMENTS

                        (a) Non-cancellable operating leases

                        The Group has entered into operating lease agreements in relation to its stores and some minor operating leases in relation to plant
                        and equipment. Store leases have terms of between ﬁve to ﬁfteen years, with, in some cases, an option to extend. Operating lease
                        contracts generally contain market review clauses in the event that the Group exercises its option to renew. The Group does not
                        have an option to purchase the leased asset at the expiry of the lease period.

                                                                                                                                            Consolidated
                                                                                                                                              2017                2016
                                                                                                                                                $m                  $m

                        Commitments for minimum lease payments in relation to non-cancellable operating leases are
                        payable as follows:
                        Within one year                                                                                                     146.0                 83.0
                        Later than one year but not later than ﬁve years                                                                    395.4             239.9
                        Later than ﬁve years                                                                                                142.2                 95.2
                                                                                                                                            683.6             418.1




                88
                    GROUP STRUCTURE

                    22      SUBSIDIARIES

                    The consolidated ﬁnancial statements incorporate the assets, liabilities and results of the following principal subsidiaries in
                    accordance with the accounting policy described below:
                                                                                                                                                    Ownership interest




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                   Country of        2017           2016
                    Name of entity                                                                                               incorporation        %              %

                    Parent entity
                    JB Hi-Fi Limited * ^                                                                                           Australia           -              -
                    Subsidiaries
                    JB Hi-Fi Group Pty Ltd * ^                                                                                     Australia         100            100
                    Clive Anthonys Pty Ltd *                                                                                       Australia         100            100
                    JB Hi-Fi (A) Pty Ltd * ^                                                                                       Australia         100            100
                    Rocket Replacements Pty Ltd                                                                                    Australia         100            100
                    JB Hi-Fi Education Solutions Pty Ltd * ^                                                                       Australia         100            100
                    JB Hi-Fi Group (NZ) Limited                                                                                 New Zealand          100            100
                    JB Hi-Fi NZ Limited                                                                                         New Zealand          100            100
                    JB Hi-Fi (B) Pty Ltd ^                                                                                         Australia         100              –
                    The Muir Electrical Company Pty Ltd ^                                                                          Australia         100              –
                    The Muir Electrical Service Co Pty Ltd ^                                                                       Australia         100              –
                    The Good Guys Discount Warehouses (Australia) Pty Ltd ^                                                        Australia         100              –
                    Muir Group Employee Share Plan Pty Ltd ^                                                                       Australia         100              –
                    The Muir Finance Company Pty Ltd ^                                                                             Australia         100              –
                    M.E.W. (Australia) Pty Ltd ^                                                                                   Australia         100              –
                    The Muir Electrical Company Pty Ltd as Trustee of the Muir Investment Unit Trust ^                             Australia         100              –
                    The Good Guys Discount Warehouses (Australia) Pty Ltd as Trustee of the various store Trusts                   Australia         100              –

                    Notes:
                    (i)     JB Hi-Fi Limited is the head entity within the tax consolidated group.
                    (ii)    JB Hi-Fi (B) Pty Ltd was incorporated on 5 September 2016. All other entities shown with 100% ownership at 30 June 2017 and nil at
                            30 June 2016 were acquired as part of The Good Guys acquisition on 28 November 2016.
                    (iii)   All Australian entities are members of the tax consolidated group. Entities acquired on 28 November 2016 joined the tax consolidated group on
                            that date.
                    (iv)    Entities identiﬁed with ‘*’ were removed from the old deed of cross guarantee by a revocation deed dated 31 May 2017.
                    (v)     Entities identiﬁed with ‘^’ became party to a new deed of cross guarantee dated 31 May 2017.
                    (vi)    The Company has a trust to administer the Company’s share options plans. This trust is consolidated, as the substance of the relationship is that
                            the trust is controlled by the Company.


                    (a) Principles of consolidation


                    (i)     Subsidiaries

                    Subsidiaries are all entities which are controlled by the Company. Control is achieved when the Company:

                    •       has power over the investee;

                    •       is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and

                    •       has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

                    The Company reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or
                    more of the three elements of control listed above. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred
                    to the Group. They are de-consolidated from the date that control ceases. Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised
                    gains on transactions between Group companies are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated. Non-controlling interests in
                    the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in the consolidated ﬁnancial statements. Investments in subsidiaries are
                    accounted for at cost, less any impairment, in the separate ﬁnancial statements of JB Hi-Fi Limited.




                                                                                                                                                                          89
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        for the ﬁnancial year ended 30 June 2017



                        22     SUBSIDIARIES (continued)

                        (a) Principles of consolidation (continued)


                        (ii)   Changes in ownership interests

                        The Company treats transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of control as transactions with equity




For personal use only
                        owners of the Company. A change in ownership interest results in an adjustment between the carrying amounts of the controlling
                        and non-controlling interests to reﬂect their relative interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount of the adjustment
                        to non-controlling interests and any consideration paid or received is recognised in a separate reserve within equity attributable to
                        owners of JB Hi-Fi Limited (the common control reserve).


                        23     DEED OF CROSS GUARANTEE

                        The companies identiﬁed with a ‘*’ in note 22 are parties to a deed of cross guarantee (the ‘existing deed of cross guarantee’).
                        Following the acquisition of The Good Guys, these companies executed revocation deeds on 31 May 2017 to revoke the existing
                        deed of cross guarantee. These revocation deeds were lodged with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission on
                        7 June 2017 and advertised as required by the Corporations Act 2001. These revocation deeds become effective, and the existing
                        deed of cross guarantee will be revoked, if the companies identiﬁed with a ‘*’ in note 22 are not liquidated within 6 months after the
                        revocation deeds were lodged with ASIC. Also on 31 May 2017, a new deed of cross guarantee was entered into which includes
                        The Good Guys entities. The subsidiaries identiﬁed with a ‘^’ in note 22 are parties to the new deed of cross guarantee under which
                        each Company guarantees to each creditor payment in full of any debt in accordance with the deed of cross guarantee. By entering
                        into the deed, the subsidiaries who are party to the deed have been relieved from the requirement to prepare and lodge an audited
                        ﬁnancial report under ASIC Corporations (Wholly-owned Companies) Instrument 2016/785.

                        The consolidated statement of proﬁt or loss, statement of proﬁt or loss and other comprehensive income and balance sheet of the
                        entities party to the deed of cross guarantee are provided as follows:

                                                                                                                                         2017                2016
                                                                                                                                           $m                  $m

                        (a) Consolidated statement of proﬁt or loss, statement of proﬁt or loss and other
                               comprehensive income


                               Statement of proﬁt or loss
                               Revenue                                                                                                4,383.2          3,739.4
                               Cost of sales                                                                                        (3,322.6)        (2,913.6)
                               Gross proﬁt                                                                                            1,060.6            825.8
                               Other income                                                                                               6.4                 0.4
                               Sales and marketing expenses                                                                           (546.5)          (382.1)
                               Occupancy expenses                                                                                     (183.5)          (161.4)
                               Administration expenses                                                                                  (29.9)           (25.5)
                               Acquisition transaction and implementation expenses                                                      (18.7)                  –
                               Finance costs                                                                                            (10.5)               (3.8)
                               Other expenses                                                                                           (49.8)           (36.5)
                               Proﬁt before income tax                                                                                  228.1            216.9
                               Income tax expense                                                                                       (76.3)           (65.4)
                               Proﬁt for the year                                                                                       151.8            151.5


                               Statement of proﬁt or loss and other comprehensive income
                               Proﬁt for the year                                                                                       151.8            151.5
                               Other comprehensive income
                               Items that may be reclassiﬁed to proﬁt or loss
                               Changes in the fair value of cash ﬂow hedges (net of tax)                                                 (1.1)                0.1
                               Other comprehensive income for the year (net of tax)                                                      (1.1)                0.1
                               Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                  150.7            151.6




                90
                    23   DEED OF CROSS GUARANTEE (continued)

                                                                 2017     2016
                                                                   $m       $m

                    (b) Balance sheet
                         Current assets




For personal use only
                         Cash and cash equivalents               77.0     50.9
                         Trade and other receivables            196.5     94.9
                         Inventories                            579.2    506.9
                         Other current assets                    15.2      5.8
                         Total current assets                   867.9    658.5
                         Non-current assets
                         Plant and equipment                    178.0    168.9
                         Deferred tax assets                     21.4      6.4
                         Intangible assets                       83.8     83.8
                         Other non-current assets              1,095.2    51.6
                         Total non-current assets              1,378.4   310.7
                         Total assets                          2,246.3   969.2
                         Current liabilities
                         Trade and other payables               627.3    326.8
                         Deferred revenue                        55.4     41.4
                         Current tax liabilities                   9.7    11.0
                         Provisions                              75.9     44.2
                         Other current liabilities               12.6      4.7
                         Total current liabilities              780.9    428.1
                         Non-current liabilities
                         Borrowings                             558.8    109.7
                         Provisions                                8.8     6.4
                         Other non-current liabilities           25.2     23.9
                         Total non-current liabilities          592.8    140.0
                         Total liabilities                     1,373.7   568.1
                         Net assets                             872.6    401.1
                         Equity
                         Contributed equity                     450.0     49.3
                         Reserves                                33.8     22.1
                         Retained earnings                      388.6    329.7
                         Total equity                           872.4    401.1




                                                                           91
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        for the ﬁnancial year ended 30 June 2017




                                                                                                                                      Parent Entity
                                                                                                                                       2017             2016
                                                                                                                                         $m               $m

                        24    PARENT ENTITY
                              Assets
                              Current assets                                                                                             0.8              1.5




For personal use only
                              Non-current assets                                                                                      496.1             92.3
                              Total assets                                                                                            496.9             93.8


                              Liabilities
                              Current liabilities                                                                                      15.4             14.3
                              Non-current liabilities                                                                                      –              0.1
                              Total liabilities                                                                                        15.4             14.4
                                                                                                                                           -                -
                              Shareholders’ equity
                              Contributed equity                                                                                      438.7             49.3
                              Reserves                                                                                                 34.6             27.3
                              Retained earnings                                                                                          8.2              2.8
                                                                                                                                      481.5             79.4


                              Proﬁt for the year                                                                                      124.5             94.0
                              Total comprehensive income                                                                              124.5             94.0


                        25    BUSINESS COMBINATION

                        (a) Summary of acquisition

                        On 28 November 2016, the Group acquired 100% of The Good Guys for a headline purchase price of $870m, prior to working
                        capital adjustments of ($9.9m), resulting in a net purchase consideration of $860.1m. The Good Guys is a leading retailer of home
                        appliances and consumer electronics to the Australian market. The acquisition creates a best-in-class retailing combination and
                        allows for signiﬁcant expansion of JB Hi-Fi’s capability in the home appliances market.

                        The acquisition of The Good Guys was funded through a 1 for 6.60 fully underwritten, pro-rata, accelerated, renounceable
                        entitlement offer with retail entitlements trading which raised approximately $394 million with the balance funded through a
                        combination of existing debt facilities plus a new $450 million multi-tranche acquisition debt facility.

                        There were no acquisitions in the year ending 30 June 2016.

                        Details of the purchase consideration, the net assets acquired and goodwill are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                          $m

                        (i)   Purchase consideration:
                              Cash paid                                                                                                                860.1




                92
                    25      BUSINESS COMBINATION (continued)

                    (a) Summary of acquisition (continued)

                                                                                                                                                            $m

                    (ii)    The assets and liabilities recognised at the date of the acquisition were as follows:
                            Current assets




For personal use only
                            Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                     23.5
                            Trade and other receivables                                                                                                  100.1
                            Inventories                                                                                                                  257.2
                            Other current assets                                                                                                          34.3


                            Non-current assets
                            Plant and equipment                                                                                                           35.2
                            Brand name                                                                                                                   241.3
                            Other non-current assets                                                                                                      44.8


                            Current liabilities
                            Trade and other payables                                                                                                    (322.6)
                            Deferred revenue                                                                                                             (86.6)
                            Provisions                                                                                                                   (25.2)
                            Current tax liabilities                                                                                                       (6.5)
                            Other current liabilities                                                                                                     (1.8)


                            Non-current liabilities
                            Deferred revenue                                                                                                             (94.7)
                            Provisions                                                                                                                    (5.7)
                            Deferred tax liability                                                                                                       (26.8)
                            Other non-current liabilities                                                                                                 (7.9)


                            Net identiﬁable assets acquired                                                                                              158.6


                    Certain items within the accounting for the acquisition of The Good Guys remain provisional as at 30 June 2017. These include the
                    setting of opening deferred tax asset and liability balances and the accounting for the Gold Service Extras program operated by The
                    Good Guys.

                    The Group will ﬁnalise its fair value assessment for the acquisition of The Good Guys in the ﬁnancial statements of the Group for the
                    half-year ending 31 December 2017.

                                                                                                                                                            $m

                    (iii)   The provisional goodwill arising on the acquisition was as follows:
                            Purchase consideration                                                                                                       860.1
                            Less: provisional value of net identiﬁable assets acquired                                                                  (158.6)
                            Provisional goodwill arising on acquisition                                                                                  701.5


                    Goodwill arising from the acquisition of The Good Guys remains provisional as at 30 June 2017 while the Group ﬁnalises its
                    assessment of the fair value of assets and liabilities acquired.

                    The goodwill is attributable to various factors, including the high proﬁtability potential of the acquired business, the ability to provide
                    an expanded range of products and services to customers, the value of growth opportunities and inseparable intangible assets
                    such as customer data, employee skills and experience and synergies with the existing JB Hi-Fi business. The goodwill arising on
                    the acquisition will not be deductible for tax purposes.




                                                                                                                                                            93
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        for the ﬁnancial year ended 30 June 2017



                        25    BUSINESS COMBINATION (continued)

                        (a) Summary of acquisition (continued)


                        (iv) Revenue and proﬁt contribution:

                        The acquired business contributed revenues of $1,258.4m and net proﬁt after tax of $27.0m (including implementation costs) to the




For personal use only
                        Group for the period from 28 November 2016 to 30 June 2017.

                        It is impracticable to disclose the contribution of The Good Guys assuming the acquisition occurred on 1 July 2016 due to the basis
                        of accounting and effects of the restructure of The Good Guys Group immediately prior to acquisition.

                                                                                                                                                         $m

                        (v)   Purchase consideration - cash outﬂow:
                              Net purchase consideration paid in cash                                                                               860.1
                              Less: cash and cash equivalent balances acquired                                                                      (23.5)
                              Outﬂow of cash - investing activities                                                                                 836.6


                        (vi) Costs in relation to the acquisition have been recognised as follows:
                              Acquisition related transaction costs recognised in acquisition transaction and implementation expenses                14.1
                              Share issue costs recognised in contributed equity                                                                         9.0
                              Debt issue costs capitalised into borrowings                                                                               1.7
                              Total                                                                                                                  24.8


                        Within the statement of cash ﬂows, acquisition related transaction costs have been recognised in operating cash ﬂows, whilst share
                        issue and debt issue costs have been recognised in ﬁnancing activities.

                        Within acquisition transaction and implementation expenses in the statement of proﬁt or loss there are $8.3m of implementation
                        expenses in addition to the $14.1m of acquisition related transaction costs.


                        26    RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

                        (a) Parent entity and equity interests in related parties

                        The parent entity of the Group is JB Hi-Fi Limited, a listed public company, incorporated in Australia.


                        (b) Equity interests in related parties

                        Details of the percentage of ordinary shares held in subsidiaries are disclosed in note 22.


                        (c) Key management personnel

                        Disclosures relating to key management personnel are set out in the Directors’ report.


                        (d) Terms and conditions of transactions with related parties other than key management personnel or entities related
                              to them

                        Sales to, and purchases from, related parties for goods and services are made in arm’s length transactions at normal prices and on
                        normal commercial terms.




                94
                    OTHER DISCLOSURES

                                                                                                                                     Consolidated
                                                                                                                                       2017             2016
                                                                                                                                      $’000            $’000

                    27   KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL DISCLOSURES




For personal use only
                         The aggregate compensation of the key management personnel of the Group is set out below:                          -
                         Short-term employee beneﬁts                                                                                 8,865            7,703
                         Post-employment beneﬁts                                                                                        278             285
                         Share-based payments expense                                                                                1,978            1,752
                                                                                                                                    11,121            9,740


                    Detailed remuneration disclosures are provided in the remuneration report on pages 30 to 55.


                    28   SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS


                    (a) Group share option plans

                    The Group has an ownership based remuneration scheme for executives (excluding non-executive directors) and non-executive
                    management. In accordance with the provisions of the scheme, executives and non-executive managers within the Group are
                    granted options to purchase parcels of ordinary shares at various issue prices including zero exercise prices. The options vest as
                    follows, providing that performance and share price conditions, where they exist, are met:

                    •    options issued to non-executive managers - a third each on the second, third and fourth anniversary of issue;

                    •    options issued to executives prior to 1 July 2012 - a third each on the second, third and fourth anniversary of issue;

                    •    options issued to executives from 1 July 2012 - a third each on the third, fourth and ﬁfth anniversary of issue;

                    •    options issued to executives on 1 July 2014 - on the second anniversary of issue; and

                    •    options issued to executives on 18 April 2017 - half each on the third and fourth anniversary of issue.

                    The options expire within ﬁve years of their issue, except for executive options issued from 1 July 2012 which expire within six years
                    of their issue, or generally one month after the executive’s or non-executive manager’s resignation, whichever is earlier, however the
                    Board may exercise its discretion to allow options to continue in certain circumstances.

                    All options issued to executives under the Group’s long term incentive program until 30 June 2015 include performance hurdles
                    requiring compound annual EPS growth of between 5% and 20% with the exception of the retention options issued in the 2015
                    ﬁnancial year which had no performance hurdles. Options issued to executives during the year ended 30 June 2017 have an EPS
                    growth performance hurdle of between 4% and 15%.

                    The following reconciles the outstanding share options granted under the Group’s share option plans at the beginning and end of
                    the ﬁnancial year:

                                                                                                               Exercised/                         Vested and
                                                                           Balance at          Granted             lapsed           Balance       exercisable
                                                                              start of           during             during         at end of        at end of
                                                                             the year          the year          the year           the year         the year
                                                                             Number            Number            Number             Number           Number

                    2017
                    Outstanding Share Options with an exercise price        732,889                  –         (328,835)        404,054                    –
                    Outstanding Zero Exercise Price Options                 893,486          446,499           (384,840)        955,145                    –
                                                                          1,626,375          446,499           (713,675)      1,359,199                    –
                    Weighted average exercise price of those with
                    an exercise price                                        $14.65                  –           $12.75            $15.53                  –




                                                                                                                                                         95
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        for the ﬁnancial year ended 30 June 2017



                        28   SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (continued)

                        (a) Group share option plans (continued)
                                                                                                                   Exercised/                         Vested and
                                                                                Balance at         Granted             lapsed        Balance          exercisable
                                                                                   start of          during             during      at end of           at end of
                                                                                  the year         the year          the year        the year            the year
                                                                                  Number           Number            Number          Number              Number




For personal use only
                        2016
                        Outstanding Share Options with an exercise price        1,594,547                    –    (861,658)         732,889                    –
                        Outstanding Zero Exercise Price Options                  809,071          359,358         (274,943)         893,486                    –
                                                                                2,403,618         359,358        (1,136,601)      1,626,375                    –
                        Weighted average exercise price of those with
                        an exercise price                                         $15.05                     –       $15.40          $14.65                    –

                        The weighted average remaining contractual life of share options outstanding at the end of the period was 1,218 days
                        (2016: 1,074 days).


                        Fair value of options granted

                        Equity settled share based payments with employees are measured at the fair value of the equity instrument at grant date.
                        The weighted average fair value of options granted during the year ended 30 June 2017 was $24.71 (2016: $17.57). The fair value
                        at grant date is determined using a Black-Scholes option pricing model that takes into account the exercise price, the term of the
                        option, the expected exercise date based on prior years’ experience, the share price at grant date, the expected price volatility of
                        the underlying share, the expected dividend yield and the risk-free interest rate.

                        The expected life used in the model has been adjusted, based on management’s best estimate, for the effects of non-transferability,
                        exercise restrictions and behavioural considerations.

                        The expected price volatility for options granted during the year ended 30 June 2017 is based on the daily closing share price for
                        the number of years preceding the issue of the series, that matches the years to vesting as all of these options are expected to be
                        exercised as soon as they vest.

                        Detailed share option disclosures for all options series granted and exercised during the year are provided in the remuneration report
                        on pages 30 to 55.


                        Share based payments expense

                        The fair value determined at the grant date of the equity-settled share based payments is expensed on a straight line basis over the
                        vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of shares that will eventually vest, with a corresponding increase in equity.

                        At each reporting date the Group estimates the number of equity instruments expected to vest. The number of equity instruments
                        that are expected to vest is based on management’s assessment of the likelihood of the vesting conditions attached to the equity
                        instruments being satisﬁed. The key vesting conditions that are assessed are earnings per share targets and required service
                        periods. The impact of any revision in the number of equity instruments that are expected to vest is recognised as an adjustment to
                        the share based payments expense with the corresponding adjustment to the equity-settled beneﬁts reserve in the reporting period
                        that the revision is made.
                                                                                                                                       Consolidated
                                                                                                                                         2017              2016
                                                                                                                                        $’000              $’000

                        29   REMUNERATION OF AUDITORS
                             Audit and other services
                             Audit and review of group ﬁnancial statements                                                               589                333
                             Audit and review of subsidiary ﬁnancial statements                                                           31                  30
                             Audit of accounting for the acquisition of The Good Guys                                                     68                   –
                             Other services                                                                                               35                  58
                             Total remuneration for audit and other services                                                             723                421


                        The auditor of the Group is Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu.




                96
                    30      SUMMARY OF OTHER SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

                    The remaining principal accounting policies adopted in the preparation of these ﬁnancial statements that have not already been
                    disclosed are set out below. These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.


                    (a) Revenue recognition




For personal use only
                    Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable. Amounts disclosed as revenue are net of returns,
                    trade allowances, rebates and amounts collected on behalf of third parties.

                    The Group recognises revenue when the amount of revenue can be reliably measured, it is probable that future economic beneﬁts
                    will ﬂow to the entity and speciﬁc criteria have been met for each of the Group’s activities as described below. The Group bases
                    its estimates on historical results, taking into consideration the type of customer, the type of transaction and the speciﬁcs of each
                    arrangement.

                    Revenue is recognised for the major business activities as follows:


                    (i)     Sale of goods

                    Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised when the Group has transferred to the buyer the signiﬁcant risks and rewards of
                    ownership of the goods. Risks and rewards are considered passed to the buyer at the point of sale if the goods are taken by the
                    customer at that time, or on delivery of the goods to the customer.


                    (ii)    Commissions

                    When the Group acts in the capacity of an agent rather than as the principal in a transaction, the revenue recognised is the net
                    amount of commission made by the Group.


                    (iii)   Rendering of services

                    Revenue from a contract to provide services is recognised by reference to the portion of services provided in accordance with the
                    contract. Revenue from time and material contracts is recognised at the contractual rates as labour hours are delivered and direct
                    expenses are incurred.


                    (b) Derivatives and hedging activities

                    Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value on the date a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently remeasured
                    to their fair value at the end of each reporting period. The accounting for subsequent changes in fair value depends on whether
                    the derivative is designated as a hedging instrument, and if so, the nature of the item being hedged. The Group designates certain
                    derivatives as either:

                    •       hedges of a particular risk associated with the cash ﬂows of recognised assets and liabilities and highly probable forecast
                            transactions (cash ﬂow hedges); or

                    •       hedges of a net investment in a foreign operation (net investment hedges).

                    The Group documents at the inception of the hedging transaction the relationship between hedging instruments and hedged items,
                    as well as its risk management objective and strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions. The Group also documents its
                    assessment, both at hedge inception and on an ongoing basis, of whether the derivatives that are used in hedging transactions
                    have been and will continue to be highly effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash ﬂows of hedged items.

                    The fair values of various derivative ﬁnancial instruments used for hedging purposes are disclosed in note 20. Movements in the
                    hedging reserve in shareholder’s equity are shown in the statement of changes in equity.


                    (i)     Cash ﬂow hedge

                    The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as cash ﬂow hedges is recognised in
                    other comprehensive income and accumulated in reserves in equity. The gain or loss relating to the ineffective portion is recognised
                    immediately in proﬁt or loss within other income or other expenses.

                    Amounts accumulated in equity are reclassiﬁed to proﬁt or loss in the periods when the hedged item affects proﬁt or loss. The gain
                    or loss relating to the effective portion of interest rate swaps hedging variable rate borrowings is recognised in proﬁt or loss within
                    ‘ﬁnance costs’.




                                                                                                                                                           97
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        for the ﬁnancial year ended 30 June 2017



                        30      SUMMARY OF OTHER SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

                        (b) Derivatives and hedging activities (continued)

                        (i)     Cash ﬂow hedge (continued)

                        When a hedging instrument expires or is sold or terminated, or when a hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, any
                        cumulative gain or loss existing in equity at that time remains in equity and is recognised when the forecast transaction is ultimately




For personal use only
                        recognised in proﬁt or loss. When a forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss that was
                        reported in equity is immediately reclassiﬁed to proﬁt or loss.


                        (ii)    Net investment hedges

                        Hedges of net investments in foreign operations are accounted for similarly to cash ﬂow hedges.

                        Any gain or loss on the hedging instrument relating to the effective portion of the hedge is recognised in other comprehensive
                        income and accumulated in reserves in equity. The gain or loss relating to the ineffective portion is recognised immediately in proﬁt
                        or loss within other income or other expenses.

                        Gains and losses accumulated in equity are reclassiﬁed to proﬁt or loss when the foreign operation is partially disposed of or sold.


                        (c) Foreign currency translation

                        (i)     Functional and presentation currency

                        Items included in the ﬁnancial statements of each of the Company’s entities are measured using the currency of the primary
                        economic environment in which the entity operates (‘the functional currency’). The ﬁnancial statements are presented in Australian
                        dollars, which is JB Hi-Fi Limited’s functional and presentation currency.


                        (ii)    Transactions and balances

                        Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the
                        transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at year
                        end exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in proﬁt or loss, except
                        when they are deferred in equity as qualifying cash ﬂow hedges and qualifying net investment hedges, or are attributable to part of
                        the net investment in a foreign operation.


                        (iii)   Group companies

                        The results and ﬁnancial position of foreign operations (none of which has the currency of a hyperinﬂationary economy) that have a
                        functional currency different from the presentation currency are translated into the presentation currency as follows:

                        •       assets and liabilities presented are translated at the closing rate at the date of that balance sheet;

                        •       income and expenses are translated at average exchange rates (unless this is not a reasonable approximation of the
                                cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at the
                                dates of the transactions); and

                        •       all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.

                        On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of any net investment in foreign entities, and of borrowings and
                        other ﬁnancial instruments designated as hedges of such investments, are recognised in other comprehensive income. When a
                        foreign operation is sold or any borrowings forming part of the net investment are repaid, the associated exchange differences are
                        reclassiﬁed to proﬁt or loss, as part of the gain or loss on sale.

                        Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign
                        operation and translated at the closing rate.




                98
                    30      SUMMARY OF OTHER SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


                    (d) Goods and Services Tax (GST)

                    Revenues, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of associated GST, unless the GST incurred is not recoverable
                    from the taxation authority. In this case it is recognised as part of the cost of acquisition of the asset or as part of the expense.




For personal use only
                    Receivables and payables are stated inclusive of the amount of GST receivable or payable. The net amount of GST recoverable
                    from, or payable to, the taxation authority is included with other receivables or payables in the balance sheet.

                    Cash ﬂows are presented on a gross basis. The GST components of cash ﬂows arising from investing or ﬁnancing activities which
                    are recoverable from, or payable, to the taxation authority, are presented as operating cash ﬂows.


                    (e) New accounting standards and interpretations

                    In the current year, the Group has adopted all of the following new and revised Standards and Interpretations issued by the
                    Australian Accounting Standards Board (the AASB) that are relevant to its operations and effective for the current annual
                    reporting period:

                    (i)     AASB 2014-4 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards - Clariﬁcation of Acceptable Methods of Depreciation
                            and Amortisation

                    (ii)    AASB 2015-1 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards - Annual Improvements to Australian Accounting Standards
                            2012-2014 Cycle

                    (iii)   AASB 2015-2 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards - Disclosure Initiative: Amendments to AASB 101

                    The adoption of these new and revised Standards and Interpretations did not have any material ﬁnancial impact on the amounts
                    recognised and the disclosures presented in the ﬁnancial statements of the Group.

                    As a consequence of an IFRS Interpretation Committee (IFRIC) agenda decision issued in November 2016, the Group has amended
                    its accounting policy to recognise a deferred tax liability on indeﬁnite life intangibles acquired as part of a business combination.
                    The amendment resulted in an increase of $12.9m to goodwill and deferred tax liabilities as at the beginning of the earliest
                    comparative period.

                    At the date of authorisation of the ﬁnancial report, the following relevant Standards and Interpretations were issued but not yet effective:


                    The effects of the following Standard are still being determined:

                    (i)     AASB 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers, and the relevant amending standards (effective 1 January 2018)

                    AASB 15 establishes a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with
                    customers. AASB 15 will supersede the current revenue recognition guidance including AASB 118 Revenue, AASB 111
                    Construction Contracts and the related Interpretations when it becomes effective.

                    The Group is in the process of completing its assessment of AASB 15. Based on the preliminary assessment performed to date, the
                    effects are not expected to be material.

                    (ii)    AASB 16 Leases (effective 1 January 2019)

                    AASB 16 introduces a comprehensive model for the identiﬁcation of lease arrangements and accounting treatments for both lessors
                    and lessees. AASB 16 will supersede the current lease guidance including AASB 117 Leases and the related interpretations when it
                    becomes effective.

                    AASB 16 distinguishes leases and service contracts on the basis of whether an identiﬁed asset is controlled by a customer.
                    Distinctions of operating leases (off balance sheet) and ﬁnance leases (on balance sheet) are removed for lessee accounting, and is
                    replaced by a model where a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability have to be recognised for all leases by lessees (i.e. all
                    on balance sheet) except for short-term leases and leases of low value assets.

                    The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost and subsequently measured at cost (subject to certain exceptions) less
                    accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, adjusted for any remeasurement of the lease liability. The lease liability is initially
                    measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at that date. Subsequently, the lease liability is adjusted for
                    interest and lease payments, as well as the impact of lease modiﬁcations, amongst others.




                                                                                                                                                            99
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        for the ﬁnancial year ended 30 June 2017



                        30      SUMMARY OF OTHER SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

                        (e) New accounting standards and interpretations (continued)

                        (ii)    AASB 16 Leases (effective 1 January 2019) (continued)

                        The classiﬁcation of cash ﬂows will also be affected as operating lease payments under AASB 117 are presented as operating cash
                        ﬂows; whereas under the AASB 16 model, the lease payments will be split into a principal and an interest portion which will be




For personal use only
                        presented as ﬁnancing and operating cash ﬂows respectively. Furthermore, extensive disclosures are required by AASB 16.

                        As at 30 June 2017, the Group has non-cancellable operating lease commitments of $683.6m (30 June 2016: $418.1m).
                        AASB 117 does not require the recognition of any right-of-use asset or liability for future payments for these leases; instead, certain
                        information is disclosed as operating lease commitments in note 21. A preliminary assessment indicates that these arrangements
                        will meet the deﬁnition of a lease under AASB 16, and hence the Group will recognise a right-of-use asset and a corresponding
                        liability in respect of all these leases unless they qualify for low value or short-term leases upon the application of AASB 16. The new
                        requirement to recognise a right-of-use asset and a related lease liability is expected to have a signiﬁcant impact on the amounts
                        recognised in the Group’s consolidated ﬁnancial statements. It is not practicable to provide a reasonable estimate of the ﬁnancial
                        effect until a full assessment of the potential impact is completed by the Group.


                        The effects of the followings Standards and Interpretations are not expected to be material:

                        (i)     AASB 9 Financial Instruments, and the relevant amending standards (effective 1 January 2018)

                        (ii)    AASB 2016-1 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards - Recognition of Deferred Tax Assets for Unrealised Losses
                                (effective 1 January 2017)

                        (iii)   AASB 2016-2 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards - Disclosure Initiative: Amendments to AASB 107
                                (effective 1 January 2017)

                        (iv) AASB 2016-5 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards - Classiﬁcation and Measurement of Share-based Payment
                                Transactions (effective 1 January 2018)


                        31      EVENTS OCCURRING AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

                        There have been no matters or circumstances occurring subsequent to the end of the ﬁnancial year end, that have signiﬁcantly
                        affected, or may signiﬁcantly affect, the operations of the Group, the results of those operations or the state of affairs of the Group or
                        economic entity in future ﬁnancial years.




                100
                    ADDITIONAL SECURITIES EXCHANGE INFORMATION




                    The shareholder information set out below was applicable as at 7 August 2017.


                    A.    Distribution of equity securities

                    Analysis of numbers of equity security holders by size of holding:

                                                                Ordinary shares




For personal use only
                    Holding                    Total Holders         Units        % Issued Capital

                    1 - 1,000                         15,282         5,723,282             5.00%
                    1,001 - 5,000                      5,128        10,360,199             9.05%
                    5,001 - 10,000                       412         2,846,934             2.49%
                    10,001 - 100,000                     216         5,373,182             4.70%
                    100,001 and over                       26       90,117,806           78.76%
                                                      21,064       114,421,403          100.00%


                    There were 304 holders of less than a marketable parcel of ordinary shares.


                    B.    Equity security holders

                    Twenty largest quoted equity security holders

                    The names of the twenty largest holders of quoted equity securities are listed below:

                                                                                                                 Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                              % of issued
                          Name                                                                              Number held            shares

                        1. J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA LIMITED                                             23,338,582            20.40%
                        2. HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                         21,189,769            18.52%
                        3. CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                     13,534,438            11.83%
                        4. BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <AGENCY LENDING DRP A/C>                             11,792,331            10.31%
                        5. NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED                                                          6,633,226            5.80%
                        6. BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD <DRP>                                                     4,294,593            3.75%
                        7. HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED <NT-COMNWLTH SUPER CORP A/C>             1,806,328            1.58%
                        8. CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED <COLONIAL FIRST STATE INV A/C>                       1,641,593            1.43%
                        9. UBS NOMINEES PTY LTD                                                                 848,297            0.74%
                    10. RBC INVESTOR SERVICES AUSTRALIA NOMINEES PTY LTD <VFA A/C>                              778,959            0.68%
                    11. CS FOURTH NOMINEES PTY LIMITED <HSBC CUST NOM AU LTD 11 A/C>                            632,016            0.55%
                    12. AMP LIFE LIMITED                                                                        565,890            0.49%
                    13. HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED-GSCO ECA                                      505,704            0.44%
                    14. HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED - A/C 2                                       468,352            0.41%
                    15. 3RD WAVE INVESTORS LTD                                                                  300,000            0.26%
                    16. SHAWVILLE PTY LTD                                                                       280,000            0.24%
                    17. RBC INVESTOR SERVICES AUSTRALIA NOMINEES PTY LIMITED <BKCUST A/C>                       242,416            0.21%
                    18. POWERWRAP LIMITED <SCHEME - IML TRADES A/C>                                             218,018            0.19%
                    19. WARBONT NOMINEES PTY LTD <UNPAID ENTREPOT A/C>                                          196,287            0.17%
                    20. SCCASP HOLDINGS PTY LTD <H & R SUPER FUND A/C>                                          175,400            0.15%
                                                                                                             89,442,199            78.15%




                                                                                                                             101
                        ADDITIONAL SECURITIES EXCHANGE INFORMATION (continued)




                        C. Substantial holders

                        Substantial holders in the Company are set out below:

                                                                                                 Number     Voting Power
                        Ordinary shares                                                             held              %

                        Legg Mason Asset Management Australia Limited                          9,383,770         8.20%




For personal use only
                        Australia Super Pty Ltd                                                8,983,625         7.85%
                        UniSuper                                                               8,623,136         7.54%
                        UBS Group AG and its related bodies corporate                          6,482,208         5.67%
                        Airlie Funds Management Pty Ltd                                        5,918,853         5.17%




                                                                                                 Number          Number
                                                                                                 on issue      of holders

                        D. Unquoted equity securities
                        Employee share options issued under the Company’s share option plans   1,359,199            104




                102
For personal use only
                        This page has been left intentionally blank




                                                                      103
For personal use only
                        This page has been left intentionally blank




                104
                        CORPORATE INFORMATION
                        ABN 80 093 220 136




                        COMPANY SECRETARY
                        Doug Smith

                        PRINCIPAL REGISTERED OFFICE IN AUSTRALIA
                        Level 4, Ofﬁce Tower 2,
                        Chadstone Place, Chadstone Shopping Centre




For personal use only
                        1341 Dandenong Road, Chadstone VIC 3148
                        Phone: +61 3 8530 7333

                        SHARE REGISTRY
                        Computershare Investor Services Pty Limited
                        Yarra Falls, 452 Johnston Street, Abbotsford, Victoria, 3067, Australia
                        Phone: 1300 302 417 (Australia)
                        Phone: +61 3 9415 4136
               For personal use only



jbhiﬁ.com.au
