                        Appendix 4E

                        Preliminary Final Report




For personal use only
                        For the year ended 30 June 2016

                        JB Hi-Fi Limited
                        ACN 093 220 136




                        This preliminary final report is provided to the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) under ASX Listing Rule 4.3A.
                        JB Hi-Fi Limited
                        ACN 093 220 136




For personal use only
                        Reporting period                                                       Comparative period
                        Financial year ended 30 June 2016                                      Financial year ended 30 June 2015




                        Results for announcement to the market

                                                                                                    Percentage
                                                                                                     change                  Amount
                                                                                                        %                     $’000
                        Revenue from ordinary activities                                     up           8.28%       to      3,954,467
                        Profit from ordinary activities after tax                            up          11.48%       to        152,181
                        Net profit attributable to members of JB Hi-Fi Limited               up          11.48%       to        152,181


                        Dividend information
                                                                                                                              Franked
                                                                                                    Amount per               amount per
                                                                                                     security                 security
                        Final dividend                                                                    37.0¢                   37.0¢
                        Interim dividend                                                                   63.0¢                   63.0¢

                        Record date for determining entitlements to the dividend:
                             •   final dividend                                                                         26 August 2016
                             •   interim dividend                                                                     19 February 2016

                        Dividend payment date:
                              •   final dividend                                                                      9 September 2016
                              •   interim dividend                                                                        4 March 2016


                        Net Tangible Assets Per Security
                                                                                                           2016               2015
                                                                                                            $                  $
                        Net tangible assets per security                                                           3.02              2.44

                        Other information
                        This report is based on the consolidated financial statements which have been audited by Deloitte.

                        For a brief explanation of the figures above please refer to the Announcement on the results for the year ended 30
                        June 2016 and the notes to the financial statements.
For personal use only
                        JB Hi-Fi Limited
                        ACN 093 220 136


                        Annual report for the financial year
                        ended 30 June 2016
                                                                 Annual report
                                                            for the financial year ended
                                                                    30 June 2016




For personal use only
                                                                                           Page

                        Governance, environmental and social statements                           1

                        Directors' report                                                         12

                        Operating and financial review                                            17

                        Remuneration report                                                       25

                        Auditor's independence declaration                                        48

                        Independent auditor’s report                                              49

                        Directors' declaration                                                    51

                        Statement of profit or loss                                               52

                        Statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income                53

                        Balance sheet                                                             54

                        Statement of changes in equity                                            55

                        Statement of cash flows                                                   56

                        Notes to the financial statements                                         57

                        Additional securities exchange information                                91

                        Corporate information                                                     93
                                                                                                                      JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                       Governance, Environmental and Social Statements

                        GOVERNANCE, ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL STATEMENTS
                        JB Hi-Fi Limited (“the Company” or “JB Hi-Fi”) recognises the importance of Governance, Environmental and Social
                        matters to our shareholders, suppliers and customers. The Board continually reviews and monitors developments in
                        corporate governance which are relevant to the Group (being the consolidated entity consisting of the Company and
                        the entities it controls).




For personal use only
                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT
                        The directors and management of JB Hi-Fi are committed to ensuring that the Company’s business is conducted
                        ethically and in accordance with high standards of corporate governance.

                        The Board believes that JB Hi-Fi’s policies and practices comply in all material respects with the 3rd edition of the
                        ASX Corporate Governance Council Principles and Recommendations (the “ASX Recommendations”). The Board
                        believes that, during the 2016 financial year, it has been compliant with the spirit of the principles contained in the
                        ASX Recommendations.

                        This Corporate Governance Statement has been approved by the Board and is effective as at 15 August 2016.

                        THE BOARD
                        Role

                        The primary role of the Board is to protect and enhance long-term shareholder value. The Board is accountable to
                        shareholders for the performance of the Company and it directs and monitors the business and affairs of the
                        Company on behalf of shareholders.

                        The Board’s responsibilities include the corporate governance of the Company, overseeing the business and affairs
                        of the Company, communicating with the Company’s shareholders and the community, evaluating the performance
                        of executives, ensuring that appropriate procedures are in place so that the Company’s business is conducted in an
                        honest, open and ethical manner and the establishment of a formal and transparent procedure for the selection,
                        appointment and review of directors.

                        The Chief Executive Officer, who is accountable to the Board, is responsible for managing, directing and
                        promoting the profitable operation and development of JB Hi-Fi.

                        A copy of the Board Charter can be found on the Company’s website at www.jbhifi.com.au via the “Investors” and
                        “Governance” sections.

                        Composition / Selection and appointment of directors

                        The Board seeks to ensure that the combination of its members provides an appropriate range of experience, skills,
                        diversity, knowledge and perspective to enable it to carry out its obligations and responsibilities.

                        The Board believes that having a range of different skills, backgrounds, experience and gender ensures a diversity
                        of viewpoints which facilitate effective governance and decision making.

                        The Company believes that skills and experience in the areas listed below are desirable for its Board to perform its
                        role effectively. The Board considers that its current composition possesses an effective blend of these skills and
                        experience which enables it and its Committees to effectively govern the business, operate effectively and add
                        value in the context of the Company’s strategy.

                        •    Executive/Management experience
                        •    Retail expertise and experience
                        •    Operational Management expertise and experience
                        •    Financial expertise
                        •    Property expertise
                        •    Mergers & Acquisitions expertise and experience
                        •    Governance expertise and experience
                        •    Other board experience
                        •    Experience in setting executive remuneration
                        •    Risk Management expertise and experience




                                                                                   1
                                                                                                                       JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                        Governance, Environmental and Social Statements

                        JB Hi-Fi maintains a majority of non-executive directors on its Board. The Board currently comprises six
                        directors, being five non-executive directors, including the Chairman, and one executive director, being the Chief
                        Executive Officer. An additional non-executive director will join the Board with effect from 25 August 2016. The
                        Company has written agreements with each director setting out the terms of his/her appointment. Apart from the
                        Chief Executive Officer, directors are subject to shareholder re-election by rotation at least every three years. The
                        Company provides shareholders with all material information in its possession relevant to the election or re-election
                        of a director.




For personal use only
                        A copy of the Company’s Board Composition & Succession Policy, which includes the procedure for the selection
                        and appointment of directors, can be found on the Company’s website at www.jbhifi.com.au via the “Investors” and
                        “Governance” sections. The Board will undertake appropriate checks before appointing any person or putting
                        forward to shareholders a candidate for election as a director.

                        Details of the directors as at the date of this report, including further information about their experience, expertise
                        and term of office, are set out in the Directors’ Report.

                        Independence

                        JB Hi-Fi considers that each of its directors (including the Chairman) is independent with the exception of
                        Richard Murray, the Chief Executive Officer.

                        The Board regards directors as independent directors if they: do not have a material relationship with the
                        Company other than solely as a result of being a director; are independent of management; and do not have any
                        business or other relationship that could compromise the independent exercise of their judgement and their ability
                        to act in the best interests of the Company. The independence of each director is considered on a case-by-case
                        basis.

                        Gary Levin has been a non-executive director of the Company for over 10 years and has a deep understanding of
                        the Company and its business. The Board has considered Gary’s independence, including in view of his length of
                        tenure as a director of the Company. The Board is of the opinion that, notwithstanding his length of service, Gary
                        remains independent and continues to provide valuable input to the Board. The Board does not believe that Gary
                        has formed associations with management (or other stakeholders) that might interfere with, or compromise, his
                        ability to exercise independent, unfettered judgement or act in the best interests of the Company. It is Gary’s
                        intention to retire from the Board with effect from the conclusion of the Company’s 2016 Annual General Meeting.

                        Richard Uechtritz was Chief Executive Officer of the Company between July 2000 and May 2010 and a consultant
                        to the Company from May 2010 to November 2013. Given the nature of the consultancy arrangements (and that
                        Richard was not provided with remuneration for that role but was, instead, allowed to retain options granted to him
                        whilst he was CEO) and the passage of time, the Board is of the opinion that Richard is an independent director,
                        and that neither these previous roles, nor his relationship with current management, compromises his ability to
                        exercise independent, unfettered judgement or act in the best interests of the Company.

                        Beth Laughton is a non-executive director and member of the audit, compliance & risk management committee of
                        GPT Funds Management Limited (“GPT”), the responsible entity for the GPT Wholesale Shopping Centre Fund.
                        Wai Tang is a non-executive director and member of the audit committee and the risk & compliance committee of
                        Vicinity Limited. The Board notes that each of the GPT Wholesale Shopping Centre Fund and Vicinity Limited have
                        ownership interests in a number of shopping centres in which the Company currently leases stores. The Board is of
                        the opinion that Beth and Wai are independent directors on the basis that individual leasing arrangements at the
                        Company, GPT and Vicinity Limited are generally determined at a managerial level rather than Board level. In
                        addition, the Company’s internal protocols provide that Beth and Wai would be excluded from any discussion and
                        decision making where any conflict of interest arises between their roles as a director of the Company and of
                        GPT/Vicinity Limited.




                                                                                    2
                                                                                                                     JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                      Governance, Environmental and Social Statements

                        Conflict of Interest

                        If a conflict of interest arises, the director concerned does not receive the relevant Board papers, is not present at
                        the meeting whilst the item is considered and takes no part in decision making. Directors must keep the Board
                        advised, on an ongoing basis, of any interests that could potentially conflict with those of the Company. Directors
                        are required to promptly disclose to the Board interests in contracts, other directorships or offices held, possible
                        related party transactions and any other material personal interests in a matter relating to the Company’s affairs.




For personal use only
                        Board meetings

                        The Board meets regularly, dependent on business requirements. Prior to any meeting, the directors receive all
                        necessary Board papers. As well as holding regular Board meetings, the Board also meets to comprehensively
                        review business plans and the strategy of the Group.

                        Access to information and independent advice

                        Each director has the right of access to all relevant Company information and to the Company’s executives.
                        Subject to prior consultation with the Chairman, each director may seek independent professional advice at the
                        Company’s expense.
                        Professional Development of Directors

                        The Company recognises the need for its directors to develop and maintain the skills and knowledge needed to
                        perform their roles as directors effectively. The Company provides the directors with briefings and advice on
                        developments in both the law and current practice in areas relevant to the Company and their role as directors
                        (including, for example, corporate governance, accounting and remuneration). The Company does this using both
                        the Company’s external advisors (including the Company’s auditors and legal and remuneration advisors) and
                        management (including the Chief Financial Officer and the Company Secretary & General Counsel). Individual
                        directors also take advantage of professional development opportunities provided by third parties such as the
                        Australian Institute of Company Directors and major accounting and legal firms.

                        The Company has an induction program for new directors.

                        BOARD COMMITTEES

                        Details of the Committees established by the Board are set out below.

                        Audit and Risk Management Committee

                        The Board has established an Audit and Risk Management Committee.

                        The Audit and Risk Management Committee is charged primarily with assisting the Board in its:

                        •    oversight of the reliability and integrity of the Company’s financial management, financial reporting and
                             disclosure, and related non-financial reporting and disclosure practices;
                        •    oversight of the independence, performance, appointment and removal of the external auditor; and
                        •    review of the Company’s policies on risk oversight and management, and in discharging its responsibility to
                             satisfy itself that an adequate and sound system of risk management and internal control has been
                             implemented to manage the material risks affecting the Company’s business, including compliance with all
                             applicable laws.

                        A copy of the Audit and Risk Management Committee Charter can be found on the Company’s website at
                        www.jbhifi.com.au via the “Investors” and “Governance” sections.

                        During the 2016 financial year, the Audit and Risk Management Committee comprised the following non-executive
                        directors, all of whom were independent with relevant financial, commercial and risk management experience,
                        including an independent chair who is not the Chair of the Board:

                        •   Beth Laughton: Ongoing member and Chair of Committee;

                        •   Gary Levin: Ongoing member of Committee;

                        •   Wai Tang: Ongoing member of Committee since 14 September 2015; and

                        •   James King: Member of the Committee until 29 October 2015.

                        Details of the background and experience of each of these non-executive directors are outlined in the Directors'
                        Report.

                                                                                  3
                                                                                                                     JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                      Governance, Environmental and Social Statements

                        The Audit and Risk Management Committee meets regularly. Details of the meetings held and members’
                        attendance during the 2016 financial year are listed in the Directors’ Report. Directors who are not members of the
                        Audit and Risk Management Committee may attend any Audit and Risk Management Committee meeting.

                        Remuneration Committee

                        The Board has established a Remuneration Committee.




For personal use only
                        The Remuneration Committee is charged primarily with reviewing and making recommendations to the Board
                        regarding the remuneration of executive officers and non-executive directors, and the policies for remuneration
                        and compensation programs of the Company generally.

                        A copy of the Remuneration Committee Charter can be found on the Company’s website at www.jbhifi.com.au
                        via the “Investors” and “Governance” sections.

                        During the 2016 financial year, the Remuneration Committee comprised the following directors, each of whom are
                        considered by the Company to be independent:

                        •   Greg Richards: Ongoing member and Chair of Committee;

                        •   Gary Levin: Ongoing member of Committee;

                        •   Beth Laughton: Ongoing member of Committee since 29 October 2015; and

                        •   James King: Member of the Committee until 29 October 2015.

                        The Remuneration Committee meets as required. Details of the meetings held and members’ attendance during the
                        2016 financial year are listed in the Directors’ Report. Directors who are not members of the Remuneration
                        Committee may attend a Remuneration Committee meeting at the invitation of the Chairman when considered
                        appropriate.

                        Nominations Committee

                        The Board has decided not to establish a Nominations Committee. Rather the Board itself is responsible for:

                        •    Board succession planning and ensuring that the Board has the appropriate balance of skills, knowledge,
                             experience, independence and diversity to enable it to discharge its duties and responsibilities effectively
                             (including the process for recruiting new directors);
                        •    induction programs for new directors;
                        •    establishing formal and transparent procedures for the selection and appointment of new directors to the
                             Board;
                        •    selecting, appointing and regularly evaluating the performance of, and planning for the succession of, the
                             Chief Executive Officer; and
                        •    developing and instituting internal procedures for evaluating Board performance and the performance of
                             individual directors and Board Committees.

                        A copy of the Board Charter and the Board Composition & Succession Policy can be found on the Company’s
                        website at www.jbhifi.com.au via the “Investors” and “Governance” sections.

                        COMPANY SECRETARY

                        The Company Secretary is accountable directly to the Board, through the Chair, on all matters to do with the proper
                        functioning of the Board.

                        CODE OF CONDUCT

                        JB Hi-Fi acknowledges the need for directors, executives and employees to observe the highest ethical standards
                        of corporate behaviour. JB Hi-Fi has adopted a Code of Conduct to provide directors, executives and employees
                        with guidance on what the Company deems to be acceptable behaviour. The key elements of the Code are:
                        As a company: (a) respecting every employee’s dignity, rights and freedoms; (b) providing a working environment
                        that is safe, challenging and rewarding; (c) recognising the achievements of each of our employees; (d) respecting
                        customers’, suppliers’ and employees’ personal and sensitive information; (e) reinforcing JB Hi-Fi’s commitment to
                        the highest standards in business and professional ethics; and (f) obeying the law.
                        As employees: (a) treating customers, the public and fellow employees with honesty, courtesy and respect; (b)
                        respecting and safeguarding the property of customers, JB Hi-Fi and fellow workers; (c) maintaining confidentiality

                                                                                  4
                                                                                                                     JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                      Governance, Environmental and Social Statements

                        of all customers’, JB Hi-Fi’s and other parties’ information gained through our work; (d) performing our duties, as
                        best we can, taking into account our skills, experience, qualifications and position; (e) doing our jobs in a safe,
                        responsible and effective manner; (f) ensuring our personal business and financial interests do not conflict with our
                        duty to JB Hi-Fi; (g) working within JB Hi-Fi’s policies and rules; and (h) obeying the law.

                        The Company has developed appropriate policies and guidelines to assist employees in applying the Code in
                        practice. A copy of the Code of Conduct can be found on the Company’s website at www.jbhifi.com.au via the




For personal use only
                        “Investors” and “Governance” sections.

                        DIVERSITY

                        JB Hi-Fi recognises the importance of diversity and values the competitive advantage that is gained from a
                        diverse range of skills, backgrounds, experience and gender at all levels of the organisation. The Company has a
                        Diversity Policy which is available on the Company’s website at www.jbhifi.com.au via the “Investors” and
                        “Governance” sections.

                        The Diversity Policy states that JB Hi-Fi appreciates that the different perspectives arising from diversity
                        encourage an innovative, responsive, productive and competitive business and create value for our customers
                        and shareholders. JB Hi-Fi’s objective is that Board appointments, employment and advancement decisions are
                        based on merit, qualifications and competence, and that employment opportunities shall not be influenced,
                        affected or limited by discrimination. JB Hi-Fi believes that no barrier should therefore exist that prevents this
                        from occurring.
                        Gender diversity

                        As at 30 June 2016 the proportion of women engaged by JB Hi-Fi was as follows:
                        •   Board: 33% being 2 of 6 directors (2015: 17%)
                        •   Senior Management/Executive (excluding the executive director/CEO): 12% being 3 of 25 employees (2015:
                            8%). For these purposes, Senior Management/Executive means:
                             - the 6 executives listed on page 26 of this Report who were employed on 30 June 2016, excluding the
                                 executive director/CEO; and
                             - the 19 next most senior managers of the Company, each of whom reports to one of these executives or the
                                 executive director.
                        •   Group: 39.5% being 3,083 of 7,814 employees (2015: 39%).

                        In March 2012 the Board set measurable objectives in relation to gender diversity. These diversity objectives and
                        progress towards achieving them are set out in the table below:
                                                                                           June       June        June         June        June
                        Objective set in March 2012
                                                                                           2016       2015        2014         2013        2012
                        To improve the percentage of female to male commissioned
                                                                                           23%         22%         21%         21%          21%
                        store sales staff over each of the next 3 years

                        To improve the percentage of female to male store
                                                                                           12%         10%         10%         11%          11%
                        managers over the next 3 years

                        To improve the percentage of female to male regional/area
                                                                                            9%         9%           0%          0%           0%
                        managers over the next 3 years

                        To increase the percentage of female senior managers over
                                                                                           12%         8%           4%          5%         9.5%
                        the next 3 years

                        Since setting these objectives the Company has taken the following actions:
                        •    developed systems to enable regular reporting and assessment of progress towards the adopted gender
                             diversity objectives;
                        •    regularly reviewed employee pay to consider whether any gender based disparity exists;
                        •    developed part time and flexible work practices, with specific focus on return to work from maternity leave;
                        •    reorganised the managerial structure within stores, aimed at achieving greater female representation at
                             management level over the medium term;
                        •    ensured that female participation in leadership development programs is at least equivalent to the
                             proportion of female employees at that level in the organisation;
                        •    appointed its first two female area managers; and
                        •    conducted a Group-wide employee survey with specific focus on equal opportunity and diversity.

                                                                                  5
                                                                                                                      JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                       Governance, Environmental and Social Statements

                        The Company is currently undertaking a review of its gender diversity objectives and the plans for achieving
                        them and has engaged a diversity consultant to assist with this process. The Company will report further on
                        progress in this area in the 2017 Annual Report.

                        SHAREHOLDINGS OF DIRECTORS AND EMPLOYEES

                        Directors’ current shareholdings are detailed in the Directors’ Report and are updated by notification to the ASX




For personal use only
                        as required. The Board has approved and adopted a Securities Trading Policy setting out the rules and procedures
                        applying to directors, officers and employees dealing in securities.

                        Subject to certain specific and limited exceptions, directors and key employees may only trade in JB Hi-Fi
                        shares, and any other JB Hi-Fi securities, during designated Trading Windows. These four week Trading Windows
                        follow the release of JB Hi-Fi’s Final Results (August/September), Interim Results (February/March) and the Annual
                        General Meeting (October/November). Directors and executives are required to obtain the Chairman’s consent in
                        advance of any such trading and any transaction conducted by directors in shares of the Company is notified to
                        the ASX.

                        A copy of the Securities Trading Policy can be found on the Company’s website at www.jbhifi.com.au via the
                        “Investors” and “Governance” sections.

                        INTEGRITY OF REPORTING

                        The Company has put in place controls designed to ensure the integrity of its financial reporting and that the
                        Company complies with all regulatory requirements relevant to this reporting.

                        In accordance with the Corporations Act and the ASX Recommendations, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief
                        Financial Officer have stated in writing to the Board that, in their opinion:

                        (a) the financial records of the consolidated entity (consisting of the Company and the entities it controlled for the
                            financial year ended 30 June 2016) for the financial year have been properly maintained in accordance with
                            section 286 of the Corporations Act;

                        (b) the financial statements for the financial year and the notes required by the accounting standards give a true
                            and fair view of the consolidated entity’s financial position and performance, and comply with the accounting
                            standards;

                        (c) the statements in (a) and (b) above are founded on a sound system of risk management and internal control
                            which is operating effectively; and

                        (d) subsequent to 30 June 2016, no changes or other matters have arisen that would have a material effect on the
                            operation of the risk management and internal control systems of the Group.

                        The Company’s financial statements are subject to an annual audit by an independent, professional auditor who
                        also reviews the Company’s half yearly financial statements. The Audit and Risk Management Committee
                        oversees this process on behalf of the Board. Deloitte has been the Company’s external auditor since 2002. The
                        audit engagement partner is rotated every five years.

                        Information on procedures for the selection and appointment of the external auditor and for the rotation of
                        external audit engagement partners can be found in the Charter of the Audit and Risk Management Committee
                        on the Company’s website at www.jbhifi.com.au via the “Investors” and “Governance” sections.

                        CONTINUOUS DISCLOSURE

                        The Company seeks to provide relevant and timely information to its shareholders and is committed to fulfilling its
                        continuous disclosure obligations.

                        The Board has approved a Continuous Disclosure Policy to ensure that the procedures for identifying and disclosing
                        material price sensitive information in accordance with the Corporations Act and ASX Listing Rules are clearly
                        articulated. This policy sets out the obligations of employees in respect of such information. The Chief Executive
                        Officer, in consultation with the Chairman where appropriate, is responsible for communication with the ASX.

                        A copy of the Continuous Disclosure Policy can be found on the Company’s website at www.jbhifi.com.au via the
                        “Investors” and “Governance” sections.




                                                                                   6
                                                                                                                        JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                         Governance, Environmental and Social Statements

                        SHAREHOLDER COMMUNICATIONS

                        The Company’s website www.jbhifi.com.au contains an overview of the Company’s business and its history
                        (“Consumer Matters” section), and an “Investors” section which includes the following information for shareholders:
                        •   all market announcements and related documents, which are posted immediately after release to the ASX;
                        •   details relating to the Company’s directors and executives;
                        •   Board and Board Committee charters and other corporate governance documents;




For personal use only
                        •   a calendar of forthcoming key dates such as the date of results releases and the Company’s AGM;
                        •   a summary of the Company’s dividend policy and its dividend payment history; and
                        •   details of how investors can contact the Company and its share registry.

                        Shareholders can elect to receive communications from the Company’s share registry electronically which also
                        gives shareholders the opportunity to manage their account details and holdings electronically. Shareholders are
                        also able to send communications to the Company and receive responses to these communications
                        electronically.

                        A copy of the Company’s Shareholder Communication Policy can be found on the Company’s website at
                        www.jbhifi.com.au via the “Investors” and “Governance” sections.

                        The Company has an investor relations program which involves regular meetings with significant current and
                        potential investors, and with analysts and the financial media.

                        The Company holds its Annual General Meeting in Melbourne, to which all shareholders are invited. Shareholders
                        who are unable to attend can appoint a proxy to attend and vote or, alternatively, can vote electronically in advance
                        of the Meeting. The Company ensures that the external auditor attends its Annual General Meeting and is available
                        to answer shareholder questions about the conduct of the audit and the preparation and content of the auditor’s
                        report.

                        RISK IDENTIFICATION AND MANAGEMENT

                        JB Hi-Fi’s policy is to consider the balance of risk and reward, as far as practicable, in order to optimise the returns
                        gained from its business activities and to meet the expectations of its shareholders.

                        The Board has delegated to the Audit and Risk Management Committee responsibility for overseeing the
                        implementation of policies and procedures aimed at ensuring that the Company conducts its operations in a
                        manner that adequately manages risk to protect its people, the environment and the Company’s assets and
                        reputation. Risk identification and management is also a key focus of the executive and management teams.

                        The Company does not have an internal audit function but has a dedicated risk management team led by the Group
                        Risk & Assurance Manager. The Group Risk & Assurance Manager is a member of the Company’s senior
                        management team, has direct access to the Chair of the Audit and Risk Management Committee, and attends all
                        meetings of the Committee at which risk management is considered. The Company’s risk management team has
                        designed an effective risk management framework in line with ISO 31000 which enables management to identify
                        and manage risk appropriately. This risk framework is reviewed and revised with input from senior management and
                        the Audit and Risk Management Committee, and is approved by the Board on an annual basis. The risk
                        management framework was last reviewed and revised by the Committee and approved by the Board in December
                        2015.

                        A copy of the Company’s Risk Management Policy can be found on the Company’s website at www.jbhifi.com.au
                        via the “Investors” and “Governance” sections.

                        ECONOMIC, ENVIRONMENTAL & SOCIAL SUSTAINABILITY RISKS

                        Economic sustainability risks

                        Economic sustainability risks are risks to the Group’s ability to continue operating at its current level of economic
                        production over the long term.

                        The Group is exposed to a number of economic sustainability risks, which have a real possibility of substantively
                        impacting on the Group’s ability to create or preserve value for its shareholders over the short, medium or long
                        term. These economic sustainability risks (together with JB Hi-Fi’s strategies for managing these risks) are
                        discussed in the “Business Strategies and Prospects” section of the Operating and Financial Review
                        commencing on page 22.



                                                                                     7
                                                                                                                      JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                       Governance, Environmental and Social Statements

                        Environmental sustainability risks

                        Environmental sustainability risks are risks to the Group’s ability to continue operating in a manner that does not
                        compromise the health of the ecosystems in which it operates over the long term.

                        The Group does not believe that it is exposed to any environmental sustainability risks which have a real
                        possibility of substantively impacting on the Group’s ability to create or preserve value for its shareholders over
                        the short, medium or long term.




For personal use only
                        Notwithstanding this, environmental sustainability is important to the Group and, accordingly, the Group has
                        implemented several initiatives to minimise the impact of its operations on the environment. These initiatives are
                        discussed in the Environmental Statement on page 10 and include participation in the Carbon Disclosure Project,
                        the Australian Packaging Covenant and various recycling initiatives related to the products the Company sells.
                        Social sustainability risks

                        Social sustainability risks are risks to the Group’s ability to continue operating in a manner that meets accepted
                        social norms and needs over the long term.

                        The Group does not believe that it is exposed to any social sustainability risks which have a real possibility of
                        substantively impacting on the Group’s ability to create or preserve value for its shareholders over the short,
                        medium or long term.

                        Notwithstanding this, the Group prides itself on conducting its business in a socially responsible manner and
                        believes that it is important to give back to the community. The Group’s initiatives in this regard are discussed in
                        the Social Statement on page 11, the most significant of which is its Helping Hands workplace giving program.

                        BOARD AND EXECUTIVE PERFORMANCE

                        JB Hi-Fi monitors and evaluates the performance of its Board, Board Committees, individual directors, and
                        executives in order to fairly review, and actively encourage enhanced, Board and management effectiveness.

                        In June of each year, each director completes a written board review and assessment document, and subsequent
                        one-on-one interviews then take place between the Chair and each director which cover:

                        •   review of Board performance as a whole;
                        •   review of the individual director’s performance; and
                        •   review of the Chair’s performance.

                        The Chair reports back to the Board on the discussions and the Board considers any issues as necessary.

                        Directors may also discuss the Chair’s performance with the Chair of the Company’s Audit & Risk Management
                        Committee, who will report back to the Board if necessary.

                        The Chair provides informal feedback to directors throughout the year as necessary.

                        Each Board Committee reviews its performance and reports the results of the review to the Board. Where
                        necessary, recommendations will be made to the Board for improving the effectiveness of the relevant Committee.

                        Review of the CEO’s performance is evaluated by the Chair, with ultimate oversight by the Board. This involves an
                        assessment against both financial and non-financial performance measures. All other Executives are evaluated by
                        the CEO including: (i) assessment against both financial and non-financial performance measures; and (ii) a one-
                        on-one meeting between the CEO and executive to discuss the executive’s performance. The CEO provides a
                        summary of the evaluation of each executive to the Board and the Remuneration Committee.

                        Evaluation of the Board, Board Committees, individual directors and executives has been conducted in respect of
                        the 2016 financial year.




                                                                                   8
                                                                                                                       JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                        Governance, Environmental and Social Statements

                        DIRECTORS’ FEES AND EXECUTIVE REMUNERATION

                        Directors’ fees

                        The details of remuneration paid to each non-executive director during the financial year and the principles behind
                        the setting of such remuneration are included in the Remuneration Report.
                        Executive remuneration




For personal use only
                        The amount of remuneration, both monetary and non-monetary, for the executives who had authority and
                        responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the Company during the financial year, and the
                        principles behind the setting of such remuneration, are included in the Remuneration Report.




                                                                                    9
                                                                                                                   JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                    Governance, Environmental and Social Statements

                        ENVIRONMENTAL STATEMENT
                        JB Hi-Fi promotes environmental sustainability. JB Hi-Fi’s Code of Conduct, which can be found on the Company’s
                        website at www.jbhifi.com.au via the “Investors” and “Governance” sections, states:

                        “All employees are responsible for maintaining and protecting the environment. Employees should, therefore,
                        always consider the impact of their activities on the environment and the local community, including the way in




For personal use only
                        which waste is disposed, chemicals are used and stored, and natural resources utilised”.

                        The Group is committed to reducing the impact its business has on the Australian and New Zealand environments,
                        and has implemented several initiatives to help achieve this, as outlined below.
                        CARBON DISCLOSURE PROJECT

                        JB Hi-Fi responds annually to the Carbon Disclosure Project (“CDP”). The CDP is a not-for-profit organisation
                        that collates and reports company environmental actions to external users such as investors and other
                        corporations. JB Hi-Fi has systems in place to ensure it is reporting and monitoring energy consumption and
                        greenhouse gas emissions. In addition, JB Hi-Fi seeks to identify opportunities and implement solutions to
                        reduce energy consumption and greenhouse gas emissions whilst maintaining its low cost of doing business.

                        JB Hi-Fi has provided its 2016 response to the CDP, and is awaiting the score. In 2015, JB Hi-Fi received a
                        score of 73 out of 100 and performance band E, which is consistent with the 2014 results.
                        SMARTER CHOICE PROGRAM

                        JB Hi-Fi participates in the Smarter Choice program in conjunction with the Victorian and New South Wales State
                        Governments. This program educates our employees on how to best advise customers about the energy
                        efficiency of products. This has been positively supported by Company employees with engagement targets
                        being achieved.
                        AUSTRALIAN PACKAGING COVENANT

                        JB Hi-Fi is a signatory to the Australian Packaging Covenant. This is a voluntary program involving both
                        Government and industry to ensure the environmental impact from packaging is reduced, measured and
                        understood. Each signatory to the Australian Packaging Covenant is required to have an action plan which sets out
                        what the signatory proposes to do to contribute to the Australian Packaging Covenant’s objectives and goals. JB Hi-
                        Fi reports annually to the Australian Packaging Covenant Council and signatories to the Australian Packaging
                        Covenant are given a rating (out of 5) on their performance against their action plan annually. JB Hi-Fi’s rating for
                        FY2016 is not yet available (FY2015: 3.0).
                        MOBILE PHONE RECYCLING AND RE-USE

                        Mobile Muster is an initiative of the Australian Mobile Telecommunications Association introduced to facilitate
                        mobile phone recycling. Since 2010, JB Hi-Fi has implemented this voluntary initiative to facilitate the return of
                        used mobile phones by customers. During FY2016 JB Hi-Fi also ran a mobile phone trade in program which has
                        the benefit of reducing the number of mobile phones entering landfill.
                        CARTRIDGES 4 PLANET ARK

                        JB Hi-Fi launched Cartridges 4 Planet Ark in stores in 2010. This program enables consumers to drop used printer
                        cartridges at JB Hi-Fi stores, where they are collected and returned for recycling and remanufacturing, ensuring
                        landfill is avoided. In FY2016, approximately 35,000 cartridges were recycled through this program. Since the
                        commencement of the program almost 135,000 cartridges have been recycled.
                        STORE RECYCLING INITIATIVES

                        All stores have paper and cardboard recycling bins and certain stores also recycle old appliances.
                        SUPPORT OFFICE

                        The JB Hi-Fi Support Office is located in an environmentally friendly “five star energy rated” office building.




                                                                                 10
                                                                                                                     JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                      Governance, Environmental and Social Statements

                        SOCIAL STATEMENT
                        JB Hi-Fi recognises the importance of social responsibility to our shareholders, employees, suppliers and
                        customers. As one of Australia’s and New Zealand’s leading retailers JB Hi-Fi is committed to understanding how
                        JB Hi-Fi can work with its employees, customers and suppliers to ensure that it gives back to the community.
                        JB HI-FI’S WORKPLACE GIVING PROGRAM – “HELPING HANDS”




For personal use only
                        Established in 2008, Helping Hands is JB Hi-Fi’s workplace giving program. Through this program, JB Hi-Fi
                        directors, executives and employees are able to donate to registered charitable organisations. JB Hi-Fi matches
                        dollar for dollar regular employee contributions through its payroll system, effectively doubling the financial benefit to
                        our community partners. JB Hi-Fi works with The Australian Charities Fund (“ACF”) in Australia to develop and
                        maintain the program and, in doing so, contributes to the Company’s vision of seeing significant social impact
                        through employers and community organisations working together. Through the combined giving of the Company
                        and its employees, JB Hi-Fi believes it makes a real difference to the charities in the program.
                        Helping Hands – Australia

                        The Helping Hands program in Australia involves over 4,700 employees (approximately 68% of total JB Hi-Fi
                        Australia employees) each making weekly contributions. This year over $1,800,000 has been raised and, since its
                        inception, the Company and its employees are proud to have raised more than $9,100,000.

                        The current charity partners to which contributions are made are Bush Heritage Australia, ReachOut.com, Medicins
                        Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders), Sunrise Children’s Village (Cambodia), The Song Room, RedKite, Fred
                        Hollows Foundation, Oxfam and the Australian Animal Welfare League.
                        Helping Hands – New Zealand

                        The Helping Hands program was launched in New Zealand in May 2012 and involves over 210 employees
                        (approximately 43% of JB Hi-Fi New Zealand employees) each making weekly contributions. This year over
                        $65,000 was raised and since its inception over $215,000 has been raised. The current charity partners in New
                        Zealand are ShelterBox, Kenzies Gift, Forest and Bird, Youthline and Plunket.
                        “CHANGE FOR CHANGE” – DONATION BOXES IN OUR STORES

                        The Helping Hands program has driven the placement of “Change for Change” boxes in all stores across Australia
                        and New Zealand. These boxes have been placed at point of sale locations to encourage donations from our
                        customers. All donations collected are shared evenly amongst the Company’s charity partners. This year over
                        $50,000 has been collected in Australia and, since inception, the program has raised over $485,000. In New
                        Zealand approximately $25,000 has been collected since boxes were first introduced into stores.
                        “EMPLOYER LEADERSHIP GROUP” – FOUNDING PARTNER

                        In addition to its contribution through Helping Hands, the Company is a founding partner of the Australian Charities
                        Fund’s “Employer Leadership Group” (“ELG”) that was formed in October 2010 to generate awareness of the
                        benefits of workplace giving programs across the leadership of Australian businesses. The goal of ACF is to
                        achieve one million Australians giving to charity through their place of work by 2020. Members of the ELG have
                        demonstrated best practice in engaging with their employees around community issues and are committed to
                        leading the growth of the sector alongside the ACF. As a founding partner, JB Hi-Fi seeks to play its part in
                        encouraging workplace giving as a low cost and highly efficient way of generating funds for the charitable sector
                        and the Company’s CEO, Richard Murray, is Chairman of the ELG. In addition to the Helping Hands and Change
                        for Change contributions detailed above, JB Hi-Fi donated $25,000 per annum to the ACF over each of the three
                        years from 2012 to 2014. In 2015 the Company renewed its support for the ACF and increased its annual
                        commitment to $50,000 per annum for each of the three years from 2015 to 2017.




                                                                                   11
                                                                                                                           JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                                           Directors’ Report

                        DIRECTORS' REPORT
                        The directors of JB Hi-Fi Limited (the “Company”) submit herewith the annual financial report of the consolidated
                        entity consisting of the Company and the entities it controlled (the “Group”) for the financial year ended 30 June
                        2016. In order to comply with the provisions of the Corporations Act 2001, the Directors report as follows:

                        The names and particulars of the directors of the Company during or since the end of the financial year are:




For personal use only
                        Name                       Particulars

                        Mr Greg Richards           Greg was appointed to the Board in December 2007 and was appointed Chairman of the
                        Chairman                   Board in June 2012. Greg is a member and Chairman of the Remuneration Committee
                        Non-Executive Director     and was Chairman of the Audit and Risk Management Committee from February 2010
                        B.Ec (Hons)                until May 2012. Prior to 2006, Greg had over 25 years’ experience in the investment
                                                   banking industry. Most recently he was with Goldman Sachs JBWere for over 19 years
                                                   where he was an equity partner for 17 years, working primarily in equity capital markets.
                                                   Greg is also the non-executive chairman of Vitaco Holdings Limited.

                        Ms Beth Laughton           After qualifying as a Chartered Accountant, Beth spent over 25 years in corporate
                        Non-Executive Director     finance, providing mergers and acquisition advice and arranging equity funding for
                        B.Ec, FAICD, FCA           companies in a range of industries including specialty retail. For 12 years her primary
                                                   focus was on information technology, telecommunications and entertainment. She is also
                                                   a member of the Board of GPT Funds Management Limited and Chair of its Audit,
                                                   Compliance & Risk Management Committee and a member of the Defence SA Advisory
                                                   Board and its Audit & Risk Management Committee. Beth was a non-executive director
                                                   and Chair of the Audit Committee of Sydney Ferries from 2004 to 2010, a non-executive
                                                   director of Port Adelaide Maritime Corporation from 2006 to 2007, a non-executive
                                                   director and member of the Audit Committee of the ASX listed Australand Property
                                                   Group companies between May 2012 and October 2014, and Chair of the Audit
                                                   Committee and a Non-Executive Director of CRC Care Pty Ltd from March 2012 to
                                                   December 2014. Beth was appointed to the JB Hi-Fi Board in May 2011, became Chair
                                                   of the Audit & Risk Management Committee on 1 June 2012 and was appointed to the
                                                   Company’s Remuneration Committee in October 2015.

                        Mr Gary Levin              Gary has over 30 years' experience on the boards of public and private companies in the
                        Non-Executive Director     retail, investment and renewable energy fields in both executive and non-executive roles.
                        B.Comm, LLB                He is currently on the board of Baby Bunting Group Ltd and a number of private
                                                   investment companies. Gary holds a Bachelor of Commerce and Bachelor of Laws from
                                                   the University of New South Wales and is a member of the New South Wales Bar
                                                   Association and the Australian Institute of Company Directors. Gary has been a director
                                                   of JB Hi-Fi since listing in 2003 and for the 3 years prior to that, and is also a member of
                                                   the Remuneration Committee and the Audit and Risk Management Committee. It is
                                                   Gary’s intention to retire from the Board with effect from the conclusion of the Company’s
                                                   2016 Annual General Meeting.

                        Ms Wai Tang                Wai was appointed to the Board on 14 September 2015 and is a member of the
                        Non-Executive Director     Company’s Audit & Risk Management Committee. Wai has extensive retail industry
                        BAppSC, MBA, GAICD         experience and knowledge gained through senior executive and board roles. Her former
                                                   senior executive roles included Operations Director for Just Group and Chief Executive
                                                   Officer of the Just Group sleepwear business, Peter Alexander. Prior to joining the Just
                                                   Group, Wai was General Manager of Business Development for Pacific Brands. Wai
                                                   was co-founder of the Happy Lab retail confectionery concept. Wai is also a non-
                                                   executive director and member of the Audit Committee and the Risk & Compliance
                                                   Committee of Vicinity Limited, and a non-executive director of Kikki K, the Melbourne
                                                   Festival and Visit Victoria. Wai’s former directorships include Speciality Fashion Group
                                                   and the Melbourne Fashion Festival.




                                                                                  12
                                                                                                                              JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                                              Directors’ Report

                        Mr Richard Uechtritz           Richard has over 30 years’ experience in retailing. He was co-founder of Australia’s two
                        Non-Executive Director         leading photo chains, Rabbit Photo and Smiths Kodak Express. He was also a director of
                                                       Kodak (Australasia) Pty Ltd. Richard led the management buy-in of JB Hi-Fi in July 2000
                                                       and was CEO and Managing Director until his resignation from these positions in May
                                                       2010. Richard re-joined the Board in April 2011 as a non-executive director. He is also a
                                                       non-executive director of Seven Group Holdings Limited.




For personal use only
                        Mr Richard Murray              Richard became Chief Executive Officer on 1 July 2014 having been appointed to the
                        Chief Executive Officer        Board in June 2012. Richard has over 20 years’ experience in retail and finance. He
                        and Executive Director         joined JB Hi-Fi as CFO in 2003 and took the business through the IPO process. Prior to
                        B.Comm, Grad.Dip.              this Richard worked with Deloitte for 10 years. He is currently Chairman of the Australian
                        Applied Finance &              Charities Fund Employer Leadership Group, which aims to encourage Australian
                        Investment, CA                 businesses to set up workplace giving programs.

                        Mr James King                  James was appointed to the Board in May 2004 and retired on 29 October 2015. James
                        Non-Executive Director         served as Chairman from March 2006 until September 2007. James was a member of
                        B.Comm, FAICD                  the Audit and Risk Management Committee and the Remuneration Committee.


                        Each of the aforementioned directors held office for the whole financial year and since the end of the financial year
                        other than Wai Tang and James King as set out above.

                        Company Secretary

                        Mr Doug Smith                   Doug was appointed Company Secretary in June 2012. Doug joined JB Hi-Fi as
                        BA (Hons). Admitted to          General Counsel in September 2010 and has over 20 years’ legal and company
                        legal practice in Victoria &    secretarial experience in-house and in private practice.
                        in England & Wales.


                        Directorships of other listed companies
                        Directorships of other listed companies held by directors in the 3 years immediately before the end of the financial
                        year are as follows:
                        Name                              Company                                      Period of Directorship
                        Greg Richards                     Vitaco Holdings Limited                      August 2015 (listed September 2015)


                        Beth Laughton                     Australand Holdings Limited, Australand      May 2012 – October 2014
                                                          Property Limited, Australand Investments
                                                          Pty Ltd

                        Gary Levin                        Baby Bunting Group Limited                   Since August 2014 (listed October
                                                                                                       2015)

                        Wai Tang                          Vicinity Limited                             Since May 2014

                        Richard Uechtritz                 Seven Group Holdings Limited                 Since June 2010

                        James King (non-                  Navitas Limited                              Since November 2004
                        executive director until 29       Pacific Brands Limited                       September 2009 – July 2016
                        October 2015)                     Trust Company Limited                        February 2007 - December 2013




                                                                                     13
                                                                                                                              JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                                              Directors’ Report

                        Additional Director
                        As announced to the ASX on 20 June 2016, it is intended that Stephen Goddard will join the Board with effect from
                        25 August 2016. Stephen has more than 30 years’ retail experience having held senior executive positions with
                        some of Australia’s best known retailers. These include Finance Director and Operations Director for David Jones,
                        founding Managing Director of Officeworks, and various senior management roles with Myer. Stephen is currently a
                        non-executive director and the chair of the Audit & Risk Management Committee of SurfStitch Group Ltd and was




For personal use only
                        previously a non-executive director and chair of the Audit & Risk Management Committee of Pacific Brands. He will
                        become a non-executive director of GWA Group Limited in October 2016. Having been appointed by the Board as
                        an additional appointee, Stephen will stand for election at the Company’s Annual General Meeting in October 2016.

                        Principal activity

                        The Group’s principal activity in the course of the financial year was the retailing of home consumer products. The
                        Group offers a wide range of leading brands with particular focus on consumer electronics, software including music,
                        games and movies, whitegoods and appliances.

                        There have been no significant changes in the principal activity of the Group during the financial year.
                        Operating and Financial Review

                        The Operating and Financial Review, which forms part of this Directors’ Report, is presented separately on pages
                        17 to 24.
                        Changes in state of affairs

                        Between 7 September 2015 and 22 September 2015 the Company purchased 714,441 shares pursuant to an on-
                        market buy-back in order to offset the dilutionary impact of shares issued between 15 September 2014 and 4
                        September 2015 pursuant to the exercise of employee share options and shares that could be issued between 30
                        October 2015 and 4 March 2016 pursuant to the exercise of employee share options. The cost to the Company of
                        purchasing these shares was $13,181,290. The highest price paid by the Company was $18.78 and the lowest price
                        paid by the Company was $17.93.
                        Subsequent events

                        On 15 August 2016, the Company announced that it would conduct an on-market buy-back in order to offset the
                        dilutionary impact of: (i) shares likely to be issued pursuant to the exercise of employee share options between the
                        date of release of the Company’s FY2016 results and the end of the Company’s post-AGM “trading window” in
                        November 2016; and (ii) shares that will be issued in August 2016 in satisfaction of Executives’ FY2016 deferred STI
                        entitlements. The maximum number of shares that will be purchased is 429,371 and the buy-back is scheduled to
                        commence in September 2016.

                        There have been no other matters or circumstances occurring subsequent to the end of the financial year, that have
                        significantly affected, or may significantly affect, the operations of the Group, the results of those operations, or the
                        state of affairs of the Group in future financial years.
                        Future developments

                        Information regarding likely developments in the operations of the Group in future financial years is set out in the
                        Operating and Financial Review and elsewhere in the Annual Report.
                        Environmental regulations

                        The Group is not involved in any activities that have a marked influence on the environment within its area of
                        operation. As such, the directors are not aware of any material issues affecting the Group or its compliance with the
                        relevant environmental agencies or regulatory authorities.
                        Dividends

                        In respect of the financial year ended 30 June 2015, as detailed in the Directors’ Report for that financial year, an
                        interim dividend of 59.0 cents per share and a final dividend of 31.0 cents per share, both franked to 100% at the
                        30% corporate income tax rate, were paid to the holders of fully paid ordinary shares on 27 February 2015 and 11
                        September 2015 respectively.




                                                                                    14
                                                                                                                                                   JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                                                                   Directors’ Report

                        In respect of the financial year ended 30 June 2016, an interim dividend of 63.0 cents per share was paid to the
                        holders of fully paid ordinary shares on 4 March 2016 and the directors have declared the payment of a final
                        dividend of 37.0 cents per share, to be paid to the holders of fully paid ordinary shares on 9 September 2016. Both
                        dividends are franked to 100% at the 30% corporate income tax rate. The total dividend for the financial year of
                        100.0 cents per share represents a payout ratio of just over 65% of the full year earnings.
                        Indemnification of officers and auditors




For personal use only
                        The Company indemnifies current and former directors and officers for any loss arising from any claim by reason
                        of any wrongful act committed by them in their capacity as a director or officer (subject to certain exclusions as
                        required by law). During the financial year, the Company has paid premiums in respect of contracts insuring the
                        directors and officers against any liability of this nature. In accordance with normal commercial practices, under
                        the terms of the insurance contracts the nature of the liabilities insured against and the amount of the premiums
                        paid are confidential. The Company has not otherwise, during or since the end of the financial year, except to the
                        extent permitted by law, indemnified or agreed to indemnify an officer or auditor of the Company or of any related
                        body corporate against a liability incurred as such by an officer or auditor.
                        Directors’ meetings

                        The following table sets out the number of directors’ meetings (including meetings of Committees of directors) held
                        during the 2016 financial year and the number of meetings attended by the members of the Board or the relevant
                        Committee. During the financial year, 17 Board meetings, 5 Remuneration Committee meetings and 7 Audit and
                        Risk Management Committee meetings were held.
                                                                                                                                           Audit and Risk
                                                         Board of Directors                    Remuneration Committee                  Management Committee
                        Directors                       Held          Attended                  Held          Attended                  Held         Attended
                        G. Richards                       17                  17                   5                    5                  –                  –
                        B. Laughton                       17                  17                   3                    3                  7                  7
                        G. Levin                          17                  16                   5                    5                  7                  7
                        W. Tang                           13                  11                   –                    –                  4                  4
                        R. Uechtritz                      17                  15                   –                    –                  –                  –
                        R. Murray                         17                  17                   –                    –                  –                  –
                        J. King                           6                    5                   2                    2                  3                  3


                        Directors’ shareholdings

                        The following table sets out each director’s relevant interest in shares, debentures, and rights or options in shares or
                        debentures of the Company, or a related body corporate, as at the date of this Report.

                                                            Fully paid ordinary shares                                Executive share options
                                                          Direct        Indirect                  Total            Direct       Indirect                    Total
                        Directors                        number         number                                    number        number
                        G. Richards                           3,000           20,000             23,000                     –                  –                  –
                        B. Laughton                           2,000                 –             2,000                     –                  –                  –
                        G. Levin                           30,000                   –            30,000                     –                  –                  –
                        W. Tang                                  –             2,000              2,000                     –                  –                  –
                        R. Uechtritz                       10,000                   –            10,000                     –                  –                  –
                        R. Murray(i)                     100,000               2,000           102,000            413,444                      –         413,444
                        (i)   Excludes any options that may be granted by the Board in August 2016. The issue of any such options to R. Murray, the executive director of
                              the Company, is also subject to shareholder approval at the Company’s Annual General Meeting in October 2016.


                        Remuneration Report

                        The Remuneration Report, which forms part of this Directors’ Report, is presented separately on pages 25 to 47.
                        Proceedings on behalf of the Company

                        The directors are not aware of any persons applying for leave under s.237 of the Corporations Act 2001 to bring, or
                        intervene in, proceedings on behalf of the Company.




                                                                                                15
                                                                                                                             JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                                             Directors’ Report

                        Non-audit services

                        For a Group of the size and complexity of JB Hi-Fi, it can be in the interests of the Group to engage the services of
                        its auditor to assist in a range of related projects. The directors are aware of the issues relating to auditor
                        independence and have in place policies and procedures to address actual, potential and perceived conflicts in
                        relation to the provision of non-audit related services by the Company’s auditor.

                        In FY2016 the Company engaged its auditor to provide services in the form of assistance to JB Hi-Fi’s IT team with




For personal use only
                        minor improvements to a customer relationship management tool for the Company’s commercial division (the
                        auditor having assisted with the implementation of this tool in FY2015). As disclosed in note 26 to the financial
                        statements, the fee for the work in FY2016 was $58,216. This work is now complete and no further assistance from
                        the Company’s auditor on this project is anticipated. The directors are satisfied that the provision of these non-audit
                        services during the year by the auditor (or by another person or firm on the auditor’s behalf) is compatible with the
                        general standard of independence for auditors imposed by the Corporations Act 2001.

                        Based on advice received from the Audit and Risk Management Committee, the directors are of the opinion that
                        these services as disclosed in note 26 to the financial statements do not compromise the auditor’s independence,
                        for the following reasons:
                        •     all non-audit services have been reviewed and approved to ensure that they do not impact the integrity and
                              objectivity of the auditor; and
                        •     none of the services undermine the general principles relating to auditor independence as set out in the Code
                              of Conduct APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants issued by the Australian Professional &
                              Ethical Standards Board, including reviewing or auditing the auditor’s own work, acting in a management or
                              decision-making capacity for the Company, acting as advocate for the Company or jointly sharing economic
                              risks and rewards.

                        Auditor’s independence declaration

                        The auditor’s independence declaration is included on page 48 of the Annual Report.
                        Rounding off of amounts

                        The Company is a company of a kind referred to in ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors’ Reports)
                        Instrument 2016/191 dated 24 March 2016, and in accordance with that Corporations Instrument, amounts in the
                        Directors’ Report and financial report are rounded off to the nearest thousand dollars, unless otherwise indicated.



                        Signed in accordance with a resolution of the directors made pursuant to s.298(2) of the Corporations Act 2001.

                        On behalf of the directors




                        Greg Richards                                            Richard Murray
                        Chairman                                                 Chief Executive Officer

                        Melbourne
                        15 August 2016




                                                                                   16
                                                                                                                       JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                         Operating and Financial Review

                        OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW

                        OVERVIEW OF OPERATIONS

                        The Group sells the following products in Australia and New Zealand:
                        •   consumer electronics including televisions, audio equipment, computers and cameras;
                        •   software (CDs, DVDs, Blu-ray discs and games);




For personal use only
                        •   whitegoods, cooking products and small appliances;
                        •   telecommunications products and services;
                        •   musical instruments; and
                        •   digital video content.

                        The Group also provides information technology and consulting services.

                        The Group holds significant market-share in many of its product categories.

                        The Group’s sales are primarily from its branded retail store network (135 JB Hi-Fi stores and 59 JB Hi-Fi Home
                        stores) and online. Sales are also generated from the Group’s commercial and education solutions offer.

                        FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE – HIGHLIGHTS

                                                                             FY16                 FY15               Mvt

                         Total Sales                                          $3,954.5m           $3,652.1m             +8.3%

                         Gross Margin                                            21.88%               21.86%            +3 bps

                         Cost of Doing Business ("CODB")                         15.24%               15.25%            -1 bps

                         Earnings Before Interest and Tax ("EBIT")              $221.2m             $200.9m            +10.1%

                         EBIT Margin                                                 5.59%             5.50%            +9 bps

                         Net Profit After Tax ("NPAT")                          $152.2m             $136.5m            +11.5%

                         Earnings per share ("EPS")                            153.8 cps           137.9 cps           +11.5%

                         Total dividend - fully franked                        100.0 cps              90.0 cps         +11.1%




                                                                                17
                                                                                                                      JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                        Operating and Financial Review

                        SALES PERFORMANCE

                        Total sales were up 8.3% to $3,954.5 million (2015: $3,652.1 million) and comparable sales growth was 5.4%
                        (Australia: 5.5%, New Zealand: 4.4%). Sales momentum was solid throughout FY2016, with good sales in June
                        driven by tax time buying.

                        By value, sales were split between hardware and services at 85.9% and software at 14.1% (FY2015:




For personal use only
                        83.9%/16.1%). Hardware and services is defined as all sales excluding the music, movies and games software
                        categories.

                        Significant factors in the sales performance were as follows:

                        Australia
                        •   Sales grew by 8.2% to $3,739.6 million with comparable sales up 5.5%, primarily as a result of the rollout of JB
                            Hi-Fi Home branded stores, the opening of new stores, the maturing of stores opened in previous years, the
                            rollout of small appliances into existing stores and the growth of JB Hi-Fi Solutions and the Group’s online
                            operations.
                        •   Hardware and services sales (all sales excluding Software) were up 10.8% for the financial year with
                            comparable sales up 8.1%, driven by growth across Telecommunications, Fitness, Accessories, Visual,
                            Computers, and Home appliance categories.
                        •   Software sales (music, movies and games software) were -5.4% and, on a comparable basis, -7.6%.

                        New Zealand
                        •   Total sales were up 11.2% to NZ$234.6 million and comparable sales growth was 4.4%.
                        •   Sales growth has been driven by a new store (Queensgate) opened in FY2016 and the elevated market wide
                            demand for third party prepaid content cards in the first half of FY2016. Excluding the sales impact of these
                            cards (NZ$8.4 million), total sales growth was 7.2% and comparable sales growth was 0.7%.

                        GROSS MARGIN

                        Gross margin was 21.88% for the period, up 3 bps from the previous financial year.

                        In Australia, the gross margin in FY2016 increased by 2 bps to 22.08%, which was a pleasing result given the
                        change in sales mix. In New Zealand, gross margin increased by 26 bps to 18.42%.

                        COST OF DOING BUSINESS

                        CODB was 15.24% for the period, down 1 bps from cost of doing business of 15.25% in the previous financial
                        year. Total operating costs remained well controlled and were in line with Company expectations.

                        In Australia, CODB decreased by 2 bps to 15.18%. In New Zealand, CODB increased by 11 bps to 16.33%. The
                        Group seeks to maintain its low CODB through continued focus on productivity and minimising indirect expenditure.

                        EARNINGS

                        EBIT was up 10.1% to $221.2 million from EBIT of $200.9 million in the previous financial year and the resulting
                        EBIT margin was 5.59%, up 9 bps from EBIT margin of 5.50% in the previous financial year.

                        In Australia, EBIT was up 10.4% to $220.3 million and EBIT margin was up 12 bps from 5.77% in the previous
                        financial year to 5.89%. In New Zealand, EBIT was down 37.2% to NZ$1.0 million and EBIT margin was down 32
                        bps from 0.74% in the previous financial year to 0.42%.

                        Net profit after tax was up 11.5% to $152.2 million. Earnings per share were up 11.5% from 137.9 cps to 153.8
                        cps.

                        Net interest expense in FY2016 was down 38.0% to $3.3 million, driven primarily by lower debt levels.

                        The effective tax rate in FY2016 was 30.1%, down from 30.2% in FY2015.




                                                                                 18
                                                                                                                          JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                            Operating and Financial Review

                        CAPITAL MANAGEMENT AND DIVIDENDS

                        The Group regularly considers its capital structure with a focus on maximising returns to shareholders. Continued
                        solid earnings growth and prudent management of the Group’s balance sheet, including relatively low gearing,
                        enables the Group to consider various capital management initiatives.

                        The debt facilities of the Group have remained stable during the period.




For personal use only
                        •   The Group has a term debt facility of $200.0 million that expires in June 2018. The Group’s overdraft facilities of
                            $80.0 million and NZ$10.0 million are renewable annually. The Group also has an additional seasonal bank
                            overdraft facility of $50.0 million in February to April and in November each year.
                        •   At the end of the financial year the Group had total interest bearing liabilities of $110.0 million.
                        •   Net debt decreased from $90.3 million to $57.9 million, in line with internal expectations.
                        •   The financial covenants included in the Group’s financing facilities are the leverage and fixed charges cover
                            ratios. The Group has complied with each of its financial covenants throughout the period.

                        During the financial year 671,849 ordinary shares were issued to employees under the Company’s share option
                        plans.

                        Between 7 September 2015 and 22 September 2015, the Company undertook an on-market buy-back of 714,441
                        ordinary shares (representing approximately 0.7% of the total issued share capital of the Company) at a cost of
                        $13,181,290. This buy-back was conducted in order to offset the dilutionary impact of shares issued between 15
                        September 2014 and 4 September 2015 pursuant to the exercise of employee share options and shares that could be
                        issued between 30 October 2015 and 4 March 2016 pursuant to the exercise of employee share options.

                        On 15 August 2016 the Group announced its intention to neutralise the impact of: (i) shares likely to be issued
                        pursuant to the exercise of employee share options between date of release of the Company’s FY2016 results and the
                        end of the Company’s post-AGM “trading window” in November 2016; and (ii) shares that will be issued in August 2016
                        in satisfaction of Executives’ FY2016 deferred STI entitlements. This will be done via an on-market buy-back of
                        ordinary shares, to commence in September 2016. Further detail is provided in the “Subsequent Events” section of
                        the Directors’ Report.

                        The total dividend for the 2016 financial year of 100.0 cents per share represents a payout ratio of just over 65%
                        of the full year earnings. The Board currently believes a 65% dividend payout ratio appropriately balances the
                        distribution of profit to shareholders and reinvestment of earning for future growth. The final dividend for the 2016
                        financial year of 37.0 cents per share fully franked will be paid on 9 September 2016 with a record date of 26
                        August 2016.

                        INVESTMENTS FOR FUTURE PERFORMANCE

                        Net cash outflow on investing activities was $52.0 million, up from $44.4 million in the prior year. Investing activities
                        comprised Capital expenditure as set out below.

                        Investments of $52.3 million were made during the financial year in capital expenditure projects, an increase of
                        $9.8 million from $42.5 million during the previous financial year. These projects primarily consisted of new store
                        openings, JB Hi-Fi Home store conversions, store relocations and upgrades, and online projects.

                        These investing activities are anticipated to contribute towards earnings growth in the 2017 financial year and
                        beyond.

                        WORKING CAPITAL

                        Inventory levels were in line with internal expectations. Total inventory on hand increased from the previous
                        financial year by $67.6 million, driven primarily by the Company’s investment in inventory for new stores, the roll-out
                        of appliances and an increase in inventory in existing stores to support July promotional activity. This increase was
                        partially offset by the transition to a consignment stock model with certain suppliers. Inventory turnover was 6.0
                        times (FY2015: 6.1 times).

                        Creditor days increased 1.8 days on the previous financial year to 42.0 days. Total creditors increased by $59.3
                        million to $384.9 million.



                                                                                   19
                                                                                                                      JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                        Operating and Financial Review

                        Financial and operating leverage remains low and is evidenced by solid fixed charges cover of 3.5 times (FY2015:
                        3.4 times) and interest cover of 57.3 times (FY2015: 33.9 times). The Company’s gearing ratio is 0.4 (FY2015: 0.6).

                        STORES

                        The Group’s sales are primarily from its branded retail store network, located both in stand-alone destination
                        sites and shopping centre locations. As at 30 June 2016, the Group had 194 physical stores (Australia: 179, New




For personal use only
                        Zealand: 15).

                        The store movements during FY2016 and the store locations as at 30 June 2016 are set out below.



                                                                      FY16
                                             FY15
                                                    Opened   Converted       Closed   Total
                         Australia
                          JB HI-FI            133       3        (12)             -    124
                          JB HI-FI HOME        40       5         12            (2)     55
                                              173       8         -             (2)    179
                         New Zealand                                                                              2
                          JB HI-FI             11       1         (1)             -     11
                          JB HI-FI HOME         3       -           1             -      4                                         35
                                               14       1         -               -     15
                         TOTAL                187       9         -             (2)    194         21
                                                                                                                   9
                         Store type:
                           JB HI-FI           144       4        (13)             -    135
                           JB HI-FI HOME       43       5         13            (2)     59                                              53
                                              187       9         -             (2)    194                                                    5
                         Store format:
                           Shopping centre    103       5           21            -    110                                    51
                           Other               84       4         (2)1          (2)     84
                                              187       9         -             (2)    194                 15
                         1
                                                                                                                                    3
                             Relocations.

                                                                                                                   NZ




                        SYDNEY INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT

                        The Group has signed a six and a half year cooperation agreement with Heinemann Australia Pty Ltd to be the
                        exclusive technology partner at the Sydney international airport within their duty free stores. JB Hi-Fi commenced
                        trading in the duty free stores on 1 April 2016 and results to date are in line with internal expectations.

                        The airport store provides an opportunity to trial and extend the JB Hi-Fi model outside the traditional JB Hi-Fi
                        store format.

                        ONLINE

                        The Group continues to leverage the benefits of its strong online presence combined with its bricks and mortar
                        locations. The Group’s goal is to create a “seamless customer experience” whereby its online sites, combined
                        with its physical locations, provide customers with a choice as to how they wish to shop with JB Hi-Fi. In FY2016,
                        online sales grew 35.8% on the previous financial year to $119.1 million or approximately 3.0% of sales (FY2015:
                        2.4%). Unique visitations to JB Hi-Fi’s websites averaged 1.3 million per week during FY2016, with a peak of 2.3
                        million around Christmas 2015.

                        The Group continues to invest in its online sites. The New Zealand website, which is currently operating on an
                        old platform, is in the process of being upgraded to the Australian platform.




                                                                                              20
                                                                                                                         JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                           Operating and Financial Review

                        JB HI-FI SOLUTIONS

                        JB Hi-Fi Solutions achieved double digit sales and earnings growth in FY2016 and remains on track to deliver on
                        its longer term aspirational sales target of approximately $500m per annum, through both organic growth and
                        strategic acquisitions.

                        JB Hi-Fi Solutions comprises:




For personal use only
                        •   Corporate, Government & Education sales of products and services; and
                        •   Insurance replacements.

                        HOME APPLIANCES

                        Home appliances represent a significant sales growth opportunity as JB Hi-Fi grows its share of the circa $4.6
                        billion per annum home appliance market. The Group’s JB Hi-Fi Home branded stores offer a full range of JB Hi-
                        Fi traditional categories with approximately 400 square metres of additional space dedicated to a full range of
                        large and small appliances. The Company targets incremental sales per store of approximately $3 million in the
                        first year post conversion, increasing to approximately $5 million over the medium term as the JB HI-FI Home
                        roll-out achieves scale.

                        As at 30 June 2016, the Group had 59 JB Hi-Fi Home branded stores, including four in New Zealand. During
                        FY2016, the Group converted 13 existing stores to JB Hi-Fi Home branded stores and opened five new JB Hi-Fi
                        Home branded stores. The Company anticipates opening six new JB Hi-Fi Home stores and converting five
                        additional existing stores to the JB Hi-Fi Home brand in FY2017, with 70 JB Hi-Fi Home stores expected by the end
                        of FY2017. The Company’s target of 75 JB Hi-Fi Home stores should be reached during FY2018.

                        In addition to the JB Hi-Fi Home roll-out, the Group is also introducing small appliances into existing JB Hi-Fi stores.
                        These stores have their layout reconfigured but are not rebranded to JB Hi-Fi Home. This store format is suited to
                        JB Hi-Fi stores that are located within shopping centres, or where a JB Hi-Fi Home store is or will be located within
                        that JB Hi-Fi store’s catchment area. The Company had 43 stores with small appliances at the end of FY2016,
                        including six in New Zealand. In the long term the Company expects most stores to carry appliances, with the range
                        (i.e. small appliances vs full home offer) tailored to suit each specific store.

                        SUPPLY CHAIN

                        The Group has developed a low-cost, fit-for-purpose supply chain and logistics solution. Facilities are operating in
                        Melbourne, Sydney, Perth, Brisbane, Newcastle and Auckland with an additional facility currently being investigated
                        in Adelaide. In other states and regional centres where stand-alone facilities are not currently economic, the JB Hi-
                        Fi Home rollout allows for expanded back-of-house storage areas. Customer feedback regarding their delivery
                        experience has been positive and the Group continues to work closely with its supply chain and logistics partners to
                        further refine its offer.

                        THE GOOD GUYS SALE PROCESS

                        As noted in its release to the ASX on 11 August 2016, the Company continues to participate in The Good Guys sale
                        process. JB Hi-Fi has made no decision and nor has it entered into any agreement with respect to an acquisition of
                        The Good Guys. The Company understands that The Good Guys are looking at a range of options including an IPO
                        on the ASX. JB Hi-Fi evaluates all possible opportunities against a range of factors and would only pursue an
                        acquisition if it made compelling financial sense for its shareholders.




                                                                                  21
                                                                                                                        JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                          Operating and Financial Review

                        BUSINESS STRATEGIES AND PROSPECTS

                        The following factors are considered important in understanding the strategy of the Group and the main
                        opportunities and threats that may have a significant effect on its results and its prospects for future years. These
                        factors are listed regardless of whether they were significant in FY2016.

                        Competitive advantages




For personal use only
                        The Group believes that it has the following fundamental competitive advantages:
                        •   one of Australia’s and New Zealand’s largest ranges of home entertainment, consumer electronics products;
                        •   whitegoods and small appliances at discounted prices, positioned to appeal to all customers;
                        •   positioned as a discount retailer with the ability to consistently offer everyday low prices. The Group is able
                            to do this through the scale of its operations, high stock turnover and low cost of doing business;
                        •   reputation for taking the deal and price leadership;
                        •   distinctive brand personality;
                        •   low cost operating model which underpins the Group’s competitive pricing. The Group is innovative in driving
                            costs down and maintaining its low cost of doing business;
                        •   motivated, passionate, loyal and knowledgeable staff. The busy and enjoyable working environment means
                            that the Group continues to attract and retain high calibre staff;
                        •   high levels of customer service;
                        •   the model is constantly innovating to ensure that it remains current and relevant to its customers. The Group
                            has a culture of embracing change, which is seen as a “natural” part of the business;
                        •   ability to enter and grow new markets;
                        •   stores located in high foot traffic precincts which allow both convenient access for customers and maximise
                            impulse traffic;
                        •   stores have relatively high sales per square metre when compared to many local competitors and comparable
                            international businesses;
                        •   high energy, engaging and entertaining retail format with constantly evolving merchandising. JB Hi-Fi has the
                            ability to bring brands to life and create engagement in product categories;
                        •   high level of loyalty and trust from customers – 1st in the 2016 Corporate Reputation Index released by AMR
                            and the Reputation Institute (1st in 2014, 3rd in 2012, 2013 and 2015); and
                        •   evolving and successful online platform with sales growing approximately 38.5% from the previous financial
                            year and accounting for approximately 3.0% of FY2016 sales.

                        Business risks

                        There are a number of factors, both specific to JB Hi-Fi and of a general nature, which may threaten both the future
                        operating and financial performance of the Group and the outcome of an investment in JB Hi-Fi. There can be no
                        guarantee that JB Hi-Fi will achieve its stated objectives or that forward looking statements will be realised. The
                        operating and financial performance of JB Hi-Fi is influenced by a variety of general economic and business
                        conditions, including levels of consumer spending, inflation, interest and exchange rates, access to debt and capital
                        markets, and government fiscal, monetary and regulatory policies. A prolonged deterioration in general economic
                        conditions, including an increase in interest rates or a decrease in consumer and business demand, may have an
                        adverse impact on the Group’s business or financial condition. The specific material business risks faced by the
                        Group, and how the Group manages these risks, are set out below.
                        •   Competition – The markets in which JB Hi-Fi operates remain highly competitive. The Group believes that the
                            competitive advantages set out above and the plans for growth set out below will allow it to maintain its market
                            leading position.
                        •   A loss or erosion of JB Hi-Fi’s reputation – A decline in the high level of loyalty and trust that JB Hi-Fi enjoys
                            with its customers could compromise its market leading position and adversely affect JB Hi-Fi’s operating and
                            financial performance. This could occur as a result of a wide range of factors or events, including:
                            − a loss or erosion of JB Hi-Fi’s reputation for price leadership and high levels of customer service. The
                                 Group seeks to mitigate this risk through careful monitoring of its competitors’ pricing and market share
                                 data, senior management monitoring of customer complaints, and use of customer service and
                                 engagement analytics;




                                                                                  22
                                                                                                                        JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                          Operating and Financial Review

                            −     a major information security breach of JB Hi-Fi’s IT systems. The Group seeks to mitigate this risk through
                                  investment in IT security measures;
                            − a major workplace health and safety incident or customer injury occurring in a JB Hi-Fi store. The Group
                                  seeks to mitigate this risk through having appropriate occupational health and safety procedures in place
                                  for all of its sites; or
                            − a significant breach of regulatory or legislative requirements. The Group seeks to mitigate this risk through




For personal use only
                                  appropriate staff training on key regulatory and legislative requirements relevant to its business, as well as
                                  making legal and regulatory compliance a key focus of the management team.
                        •   Consumer discretionary spending and changes in consumer demands – the Group is exposed to consumer
                            spending cycles and changes in consumer demands. The Group maintains its relevance using its strong
                            market position supported by its everyday low price proposition. The Group’s stores, which are both in
                            convenient and high traffic locations, seek to maximise both destination and impulse sales. The Group also
                            closely monitors changes in the economic environment, consumer demand and new products, and is able to
                            respond quickly to such changes.
                        •   Online competition taking sales from JB Hi-Fi stores – JB Hi-Fi seeks to provide customers with a quality online
                            offer, while leveraging the benefits of its physical stores. The Group continues to innovate both in-store and
                            online in order to give customers the choice as to how to transact with JB Hi-Fi. The Group’s market leadership
                            drives significant buying power which enables the Group to compete successfully with online players as does
                            its low cost of doing business. JB Hi-Fi also believes that the existence of its store network will continue to
                            provide confidence in after-sales service and support to its online customers.
                        •   Digitisation of physical software leading to a fall in traditional software sales – the Group will maintain a
                            software presence in store while the category is still providing solid returns.
                        •   Failure to maintain key supplier relationships – a failure to maintain key supplier relationships could adversely
                            impact on the Group’s operating and financial performance. However, the Group has significant supplier
                            management processes to mitigate this risk and, whilst at any one time certain products and suppliers are more
                            important than others, the large and diverse range of products stocked by JB Hi-Fi means that reliance on any
                            one supplier or product is less than for some smaller competitors. In addition, JB Hi-Fi has a proven record of
                            expansion into new product categories and introducing new brands, rather than remaining reliant on those
                            products and brands which were successful in previous years. This is reflected in the fact that, despite a
                            decline in software sales in recent financial years, the Group has achieved positive total sales growth.
                            Hardware and services sales as a percentage of total sales increased from 74.8% of total sales in FY2011 to
                            85.9% in FY2016 as a result of the expansion into new product categories and the introduction of new brands.
                        •   Increasing cost of doing business – certain costs of doing business are outside of the Group’s control. For
                            example the Group’s cost of doing business is impacted by the annual Fair Work Award wage reviews (which
                            have resulted in increases totalling 15.3% over the past 5 years to 30 June 2016). However, the increasing
                            scale of the Group’s operations continues to deliver cost reductions which mean that higher wage costs can be
                            offset to some extent by cost reductions in other areas.
                        •   Price deflation – this has always been a feature of consumer electronics retail but has mostly been mitigated by
                            increased volumes, technological advancements and, more recently, a weakening of the Australian dollar.
                        •   Leasing arrangements – the ability to identify suitable sites and negotiate suitable leasing terms for new and
                            existing stores is key to the Group’s ongoing growth and profitability. The Group believes that it will continue to
                            be able to do this as it has done successfully to date.
                        •   Loss of, or inability to attract and retain, key staff – the Group’s ability to attract and retain talented staff is
                            critical to its operating and financial performance. In recognition of this, succession planning and
                            executive/senior management team composition is a key focus for the Board and executive team.
                        •   IT systems – the Group’s increasing reliance on IT systems means that outages and disruptions could have a
                            detrimental impact on its operating and financial performance, and any failure to maintain and upgrade its IT
                            systems over time has the potential to inhibit the achievement of the Group’s business initiatives. To mitigate
                            the business interruption risk, the Group has documented disaster recovery processes (including off-site IT
                            back-up infrastructure) and has undertaken disaster recovery testing. The Group also continues to invest and
                            develop its IT resources and capabilities.




                                                                                  23
                                                                                                                           JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                             Operating and Financial Review

                        •   Changes in regulatory environment – changes in the regulatory environment in which the Group operates may
                            increase compliance costs, and even (in extreme cases) affect the ability of the Group to sell certain types of
                            products and services or conduct certain activities. Whilst such changes are outside the control of the Group,
                            the Group monitors proposed changes in the regulatory environment so that it can assess the impact of such
                            changes and develop appropriate response strategies where possible.
                        •   Finance - inability to access financing facilities. Details of the Group’s financing facilities are set out on page 19.




For personal use only
                        Strategies to drive growth

                        The Group believes that the following strategies/factors will continue to drive growth in sales and earnings:
                        •   continued roll-out of JB Hi-Fi stores in Australia and New Zealand with a pipeline of new properties. The Group
                            anticipates opening seven new stores in the 2017 financial year and, subject to ongoing review, maintains its
                            stated target of 214 stores in Australia and New Zealand. Shorter lease terms will be considered where
                            appropriate to provide flexibility;
                        •   the roll-out of JB Hi-Fi Home branded stores leverages the strength of the JB Hi-Fi brand and provides a
                            significant growth opportunity. The Group anticipates that, of the seven new stores to be opened in FY2017, six
                            stores will be JB Hi-Fi Home branded stores and approximately five existing JB Hi-Fi branded stores will be
                            converted to this format in FY2017. In addition to the JB Hi-Fi Home roll-out, the Group is also introducing small
                            appliances into existing JB Hi-Fi stores;
                        •   store roll-out program continues to deliver in excess of its cost of capital;
                        •   proactive management of store portfolio with continuation of the Group’s disciplined approach to selecting new
                            stores based on high foot traffic and closure of underperforming or sub-scale existing stores;
                        •   continued growth opportunities in many categories and in market share, both in physical stores and online.
                        •   continued technological innovation and the launch of new products and updated models will continue to drive
                            new and replacement sales;
                        •   target comparable sales growth of 3% per annum or greater;
                        •   focus on growing gross profit dollars, maintain gross margin but not at the expense of sales;
                        •   continued development of the JB Hi-Fi online site, aimed at enhancing the user experience across multiple
                            platforms (e.g. computer, tablet & phone) to drive continued growth in online sales;
                        •   expansion of the online product range and depth beyond that which is practical in store;
                        •   significant opportunities to grow JB Hi-Fi Solutions and expand into new markets;
                        •   improved supply chain and logistics system to support the Group’s expansion; and
                        •   maintenance of the Group’s competitive advantages and continued mitigation of the business risks faced by the
                            Group detailed on pages 22 to 24.

                        TRADING OUTLOOK– as at 15 August 2016

                        July 2016 sales update
                        •   consolidated total sales growth in July 2016 was 13.4% (July 2015: 7.6%); and
                        •   consolidated comparable sales growth in July 2016 was 9.5% (July 2015: 5.7%).

                        The sales result in July 2016 was a pleasing start to FY2017. Visual sales were particularly strong on the back of
                        dedicated promotional activity launched on 1 July 2016. Other key growth categories included Communications,
                        Accessories and Home Appliances.

                        FY2017 Guidance

                        The closure of DSE during the second half of FY2016 has contributed to an increase in sales of Computers, Visual,
                        Audio and Accessories. It is anticipated that this will continue to drive sales growth in the first half of FY2017;
                        however, the impact will moderate as the Group cycles DSE’s decline and eventual market exit.

                        In FY2017 the Group expects:
                        •    to open seven new stores;
                        •    to convert five existing stores to JB Hi-Fi Home; and
                        •    total sales in FY2017 to be circa $4.25 billion.




                                                                                   24
                                                                                                                       JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                                    Remuneration Report

                        REMUNERATION REPORT (audited)
                        CONTENTS

                        •    Summary (page 25)
                        •    Executive Remuneration for FY2016 (page 26)
                        •    Executive Remuneration for FY2017 – Key Changes (page 34)




For personal use only
                        •    Non-Executive Director Remuneration (page 34)
                        •    Other Information (page 35)
                        •    Key Management Personnel Compensation (page 36)
                        •    Key Management Personnel Equity/Options (page 39)
                        •    Share Options (page 44)

                        SUMMARY

                        Remuneration Overview

                        The Board recognises that the performance of the Group depends on the quality and motivation of its people,
                        including both the executives (being those persons listed as executives on page 26) and the approximately 7,800
                        employees of the Group across Australia and New Zealand. The Company’s remuneration strategy seeks to
                        appropriately reward, incentivise and retain key employees. The Board aims to achieve this by setting competitive
                        remuneration packages that include a mix of fixed remuneration and short and long-term incentives (“packages”).
                        Snapshot – FY2016 Remuneration

                        •    The Board notes that the 2016 financial year has been a successful year for the Company, with management
                             having delivered record revenue (increased by 8.3%), EBIT (increased by 10.1%) and EPS (increased by
                             11.5%). Over the period the Company’s share price increased almost 24% from $19.48 on 30 June 2015 to
                             $24.10 on 30 June 2016. These achievements have been reflected in executive remuneration which has
                             increased from the previous year, as demonstrated by the graph on page 32.
                        •    Remuneration Packages: Fixed remuneration packages for executives who have been in their role for more
                             than 2 years (Cameron Trainor and Peter Green) increased by between 4.0% and 5.0% from FY2015 to
                             FY2016. At the time of their appointment, remuneration packages for Richard Murray (CEO) and Nick Wells
                             (CFO) were significantly lower than the packages for their predecessors in these roles and FY2016
                             remuneration increases for these two executives take account of these relatively low starting points. Packages
                             for Richard Murray and Nick Wells remain lower than the FY2014 remuneration packages for their
                             predecessors. The FY2016 increase for Tim Carter (Supply Chain & JB Hi-Fi Solutions Director) also took
                             account of his relatively low starting package when appointed in September 2014.
                        •    Short term incentive: The Company’s short term incentive plan rewards performance against both financial
                             and non-financial measures. For FY2016 between 98% and 100% of the available short term incentive (“STI”)
                             was paid to each executive compared to FY2015 for which between 63% - 71% was paid. 10% of the short
                             term incentive earned by each executive for FY2016 is “deferred” so that the executive will receive 90% of the
                             FY2016 STI to which they are entitled in cash and the remaining 10% in shares which are subject to a
                             restriction on sale/disposal for 1 year after issue.
                        •    Long-term incentives: For the first time since August 2011, some of the options issued to executives in
                             previous years vested in FY2016. All long-term incentives (“LTI”) issued to executives in FY2016 are in the
                             form of zero exercise price options and are subject to both service and performance based conditions.
                        •    Fees for Non-Executive Directors: Fees for non-executive directors remained at the levels set in FY2015.

                        2017 Remuneration Packages – Key Changes

                        In setting FY2017 executive remuneration packages, the Company has decided to make the following changes:
                         •    20% of STI will be subject to deferral (FY2016: 10%). The achievement of STI will continue to be subject to
                              Group and individual performance targets; and
                         •    the mix of the CEO’s executive remuneration package will be more heavily geared towards long-term incentive
                              (compared to fixed remuneration and short term incentive).
                        Further detail is provided on page 34 of this Report.

                        Non-Executive Director Fees will be increased to take account of inflation since they were last increased in FY2015.
                        Further detail is provided on page 35 of this Report.



                                                                                25
                                                                                                                        JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                                     Remuneration Report

                        EXECUTIVE REMUNERATION FOR FY2016

                        Details of executive key management personnel

                        The following persons acted as executive directors and executives of the Company during and since the end of the
                        financial year and are considered members of key management personnel:

                        Executive Director




For personal use only
                        Richard Murray             Chief Executive Officer

                        Executives
                        Cameron Trainor            Merchandise Director
                        Peter Green                Operations Director
                        Nick Wells                 Chief Financial Officer
                        Tim Carter                 Supply Chain & JB Hi-Fi Solutions Director
                        Simon Page                 Chief Information Officer (from 14 September 2015)
                        James Saretta              Strategy & Digital Director (from 2 May 2016)
                        Kevin Ramsdale             Marketing Director (from 7 September 2015 to 31 March 2016)

                        Group executive remuneration policy – 2016 financial year

                        The Board believes that executive remuneration should be fair and reasonable, structured effectively to attract,
                        motivate, retain and reward valued executives, and designed to produce value for shareholders.
                        The Remuneration Committee reviews the remuneration packages of all executives on an annual basis and makes
                        recommendations to the Board. Remuneration packages are reviewed with due regard to performance and data on
                        remuneration paid by comparable companies. Where appropriate, the Remuneration Committee may receive expert
                        independent advice regarding remuneration levels required to attract, retain and compensate executives given the
                        nature of their work and responsibilities.

                        In setting the 2016 financial year remuneration packages, the Board and the Remuneration Committee considered
                        a number of factors, including benchmarking analysis and a remuneration recommendation received by the
                        Company in respect of FY2015 executive remuneration, and current market practice.

                        Remuneration packages for Richard Murray (CEO) and Nick Wells (CFO) remained lower than the FY2014
                        packages for their predecessors in these roles, recognising that these executives were relatively new to their roles
                        and allowing scope for increases as the executives gain experience and perform in these roles. A similar approach
                        was adopted in setting a remuneration package for Tim Carter (Supply Chain & JB Hi-Fi Solutions Director) who
                        joined the company as Online & Commercial Director in September 2014.

                        Fixed remuneration packages for individual executives who had been in their role for more than 2 years (Cameron
                        Trainor and Peter Green) increased by between 4.0% and 5.0% from FY2015 to FY2016. The Board determined
                        that these increases were appropriate in view of its need to regularly review and consider levels of remuneration in
                        the light of the market, to take account of the changing scope of roles and responsibilities as the business grows,
                        and in order to appropriately reward, incentivise and retain these key employees.

                        The Remuneration Committee also considers current market conventions with regard to the splits between fixed,
                        short-term and long-term incentive elements. The splits for FY2016 were as follows:



                         Executive                          Fixed                     STI                  LTI                  Total

                         R. Murray                           38%                   31%                    31%                   100%

                         C. Trainor                          45%                   33%                    22%                   100%

                         P. Green, N. Wells, T.
                         Carter, S. Page, J.                 46%                   27%                    27%                   100%
                         Saretta & K. Ramsdale




                                                                                 26
                                                                                                                        JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                                     Remuneration Report

                        Further details on each of the key elements of executive remuneration for the 2016 financial year are set out below.

                        Fixed Remuneration

                        Fixed remuneration is paid by way of base salary, motor vehicle allowances and superannuation. No elements of
                        fixed remuneration are dependent on performance conditions.




For personal use only
                        Short-term Incentive

                        For FY2016 10% of the short term incentive earned by each executive is “deferred” so that the executive receives
                        90% of the FY2016 STI to which they are entitled in cash, and the remaining 10% in shares which are subject to a
                        restriction on sale/disposal for 1 year after issue. Further detail is set out below.

                        •   the number of shares granted to the executive will be calculated on the basis of the volume weighted average
                            share price for the Company’s shares in the five days following the release of the Company’s FY2016 results to
                            the ASX;

                        •   these shares are held on trust for the executive in the Company’s employee share trust and are subject to
                            restrictions meaning that the executive cannot sell or otherwise dispose of them for 1 year following the release
                            of the Company’s FY2016 results to the ASX (and, after that, may only sell or dispose of them in accordance
                            with the Company’s Securities Trading Policy);

                        •   during this restricted period the executive receives the dividends on the shares and is able exercise the votes
                            attached to those shares; and

                        •   the Board has the discretion to release the restrictions on disposal early only in exceptional circumstances and
                            if certain additional criteria are satisfied.
                        STI achievement was subject to financial and non-financial performance conditions as set out below.
                        Quantitative Bonus – Group EBIT performance

                        The Group quantitative element of executives’ STIs in FY2016 was based on the following criteria:

                        •   if FY2016 statutory EBIT was more than FY2015 statutory EBIT then the STI would apply. No part of the STI
                            would be paid if FY2016 statutory EBIT was the same as, or less than, FY2015 statutory EBIT;

                        •   if FY2016 statutory EBIT was equal to, or exceeded, 110% of FY2015 statutory EBIT then 100% of this element
                            would be paid; and

                        •   payment of STIs between these two benchmarks would be on a linear basis.

                        Annual growth in EBIT is considered by the Company to be the most relevant measure of the Group’s financial
                        performance as it is a key input in driving and growing long term shareholder value and is directly influenced by the
                        performance of the executive team.

                        Given FY2016 statutory EBIT was 110.1% of FY2015 statutory EBIT, 100% of the available Quantitative Bonus
                        (Group EBIT performance) was paid to executives for FY2016.
                        Quantitative Bonus – Individual performance

                        These elements of the STI were measured against individual quantitative criteria approved by the Remuneration
                        Committee and the Board which related to aspects of the business over which the relevant executive had significant
                        influence and where it was felt that increased focus would provide long-term benefit to the business. The specific
                        targets are commercially sensitive; a summary of the criteria have been set out below.
                        Qualitative Bonus – Individual performance

                        These elements of the STI were measured against individual qualitative criteria approved by the Remuneration
                        Committee and the Board which related to aspects of the business over which the relevant executive had significant
                        influence and where it was felt that increased focus would provide long-term benefit to the business. The specific
                        targets are commercially sensitive; a summary of the criteria have been set out below.




                                                                                 27
                                                                                                                                                   JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                                                                Remuneration Report

                        Details of STI available by executive

                                                                                            Quantitative Bonus
                                        Quantitative                                                                                              Qualitative
                                          Bonus –                                         – Individual performance                                  Bonus –
                                           Group                                                                                                   Individual
                                        performance                                                                                              performance




For personal use only
                                                                                Store                            Commercial/
                                                            Inventory/                          Cost of Doing
                                                                              Operating                                                                                Total
                                                                                                                     Online
                        Executives           EBIT         Gross Margin/                          Business/                       I.T./ Online     Non-financial
                                                                               Metrics/                                                                              Available
                                                              Online                               Online
                                                                               Online


                        R. Murray            75%                                                                                                      25%             100%

                        C. Trainor           60%              15%                                                                                     25%             100%

                        P. Green             60%                                15%                                                                   25%             100%

                        N. Wells             60%                                                    15%                                               25%             100%

                        T. Carter            60%                                                                     15%                              25%             100%

                        S. Page              60%                                                                                    15%               25%             100%

                        J. Saretta           60%                                                                                                      40%             100%

                        Notes:
                        1. J. Saretta joined the Company on 2 May 2016 and, as less than 2 months of FY2016 remained at this time, the Board and Remuneration
                             Committee determined that, for FY2016 only, no part of his STI was dependent upon individual quantitative criteria. Instead 40% of J. Saretta’s
                             FY2016 STI was dependent on individual qualitative criteria. It is intended that, for FY2017, J. Saretta’s STI is structured in the same way as for
                             all other executives.
                        2. No information is included for K. Ramsdale as he did not receive any FY2016 STI having left the Company on 31 March 2016.

                        Non-financial measures include some of the following for each executive:
                        •    Succession planning and team development
                        •    Investor relations
                        •    Strategic initiatives
                        •    Internal process improvements
                        •    Inventory Management
                        •    Property portfolio
                        •    Shrinkage control
                        •    Online Initiatives
                        •    Expenditure control processes and programs
                        •    Workplace health & safety
                        •    Risk management
                        •    Internal and external engagement on key initiatives
                        •    Internal reporting processes




                                                                                                    28
                                                                                                                                                     JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                                                                  Remuneration Report

                        Details of STI achieved per executive

                        Each executive’s performance has been measured against the applicable targets. The resulting percentage of each
                        element of STI actually achieved for the 2016 financial year is detailed in the following table:

                                         Quantitative                                                                                               Qualitative
                                                                                             Quantitative Bonus
                                            Bonus –                                                                                                  Bonus –




For personal use only
                                             Group                                         – Individual performance                                 Individual
                                         performance                                                                                               performance

                                                                                 Store
                                                             Inventory/                          Cost of Doing
                                                                               Operating                          Commercial/                                            Total
                         Executives           EBIT         Gross Margin/                          Business/                        I.T./ Online    Non-financial
                                                                                Metrics/                              Online                                           Achieved
                                                               Online                               Online
                                                                                Online


                        R. Murray            100%                                                                                                      100%             100%

                        C. Trainor           100%              100%                                                                                    100%             100%

                        P. Green             100%                                85%                                                                   100%              98%

                        N. Wells             100%                                                   100%                                               100%             100%

                        T. Carter            100%                                                                     100%                             100%             100%

                        S. Page              100%                                                                                     86%              100%              98%

                        J. Saretta           100%                                                                                                      100%             100%

                        Notes:
                        1. J. Saretta joined the Company on 2 May 2016 and, as less than 2 months of FY2016 remained at this time, the Board and Remuneration
                             Committee determined that, for FY2016 only, no part of his STI was dependent upon individual quantitative criteria. Instead 40% of J. Saretta’s
                             FY2016 STI was dependent on individual qualitative criteria. It is intended that, for FY2017, J. Saretta’s STI is structured in the same way as for
                             all other executives.
                        2. No information is included for K. Ramsdale as he did not receive any FY2016 STI having left the Company on 31 March 2016.

                        Long-Term Incentive (“LTI”) Plan

                        For the first time since August 2011, some of the options granted to executives (whilst they were executives of the
                        Company) vested in FY2016. Details of options that vested and were exercised are set out on page 42.
                        Form of FY2016 Executive LTIs

                        All executive LTIs granted for FY2016 were in the form of share options with zero exercise prices, with EPS based
                        performance hurdles and a service based vesting condition (“Zepos”). LTI grants previously comprised a
                        combination of traditional options (with an exercise price) and Zepos. Given the fluctuation of the Company’s share
                        price over recent years (which has largely been influenced by external factors beyond the control of the executives),
                        there is a risk that even where performance conditions are met, the exercise price under the traditional options will
                        exceed the market price and therefore the options hold no value for executives, notwithstanding the delivery of
                        strong company performance. Accordingly, the Company no longer considers traditional options to be an
                        appropriate instrument to give effect to its objectives of rewarding and motivating executives. Each option expires 6
                        years after the grant date.

                        The service based vesting condition provides that one third of these options will vest on each of the 3rd, 4th and 5th
                        anniversary of issue provided that all other vesting conditions are satisfied. The Company believes that this vesting
                        period appropriately aligns the LTIs with longer term performance. Details of the EPS based performance hurdles
                        are set out below.




                                                                                                    29
                                                                                                                        JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                                     Remuneration Report

                        LTI Performance Hurdles

                        The EPS performance hurdles referred to above require compound annual EPS growth from the statutory FY2015
                        EPS base of 137.9 cents per share of between 4% and 8% per annum as follows:

                         Compound annual              Portion of
                         EPS growth achieved          grant vesting




For personal use only
                         4%                           40%
                         5%                           50%
                         8%                           100%
                        Where compound annual EPS growth is 4%, 40% will vest.
                        Where compound annual EPS growth is between 4% to 5%, up to an additional 10% will vest on a linear basis.
                        Where compound annual EPS growth is between 5% to 8%, the remaining 50% will vest on a linear basis.

                        The Board considers this equity performance linked remuneration structure is effective in aligning the long-term
                        interests of executives and shareholders and, at the time of setting the performance hurdles, the Board considered
                        both consensus forecasts and the earnings outlook for the Company.

                        The following table illustrates the EPS targets for options issued in FY2016 with 4% and 8% compound annual EPS
                        growth:

                         Year                                                          FY2018            FY2019             FY2020
                         EPS hurdle – 4% compound growth                                155.1             161.3              167.8
                              Required increase in EPS from FY2015 EPS                  12%                17%                22%
                         EPS hurdle – 8% compound growth                                173.7              187.6              202.6
                                Required increase in EPS from FY2015 EPS                26%                36%                47%

                        EPS hurdles are tested each year; to the extent a hurdle is not achieved in one year the hurdle is compounded and
                        reassessed in each subsequent year, until the earlier of the hurdle being achieved or the option expiring.

                        The Company believes that retesting is appropriate as the retesting is done against a cumulative EPS figure. This
                        means that, if the target is missed in one period, it is compounded and retested in the next period. The table below
                        provides an example of EPS compounding for the purpose of hurdle retesting, based on an option granted in
                        August 2015, due to vest in August 2018 and expire in August 2021, assessed against an EPS hurdle of 8%.

                         Year               FY2015           FY2016    FY2017         FY2018      FY2019       FY2020       FY2021

                         EPS               Grant            n/a       n/a          Test –       Retest –      Retest –     n/a
                                           Base EPS                                Required     Required      Required
                                           = 137.9                                 EPS =        EPS =         EPS =
                                                                                   173.7        187.6         202.6

                        Further Information on LTIs

                        The issue of options for FY2016 to Richard Murray, the executive director of the Company, was approved by
                        shareholders at the Company’s Annual General Meeting in October 2015.

                        Further details of the terms of these options, including service and share price conditions are included under the
                        heading “Group share option plans” on page 44.




                                                                                 30
                                                                                                                                                 JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                                                              Remuneration Report

                        Relationship between financial performance and remuneration

                        The Group’s executive remuneration is directly related to the performance of the Group through the linking of the
                        majority of short and long-term incentives to certain financial measures as detailed previously and shown below.

                        The financial performance of the Group is summarised in the table below, whilst the alignment of executive
                        remuneration to the performance of the Group is detailed in the graph on page 32.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                    Growth
                                                                                                                                                         Last 5
                                                                              FY2012       FY2013       FY2014       FY2015      FY2016         FY2016 years(iii)
                        1.        Financial performance:
                                  Sales ($m)                                   3,127.8     3,308.4      3,483.8      3,625.1      3,954.5            8%          6%
                                  EBIT ($m)                                      161.5       177.8        191.1        200.9        221.2          10%           2%
                                  Net profit attributable to owners of
                                  the Company ($m)                               104.6       116.4        128.4        136.5        152.2          11%           3%
                                  Basic EPS (cents)                              105.9       117.7        128.4        137.9        153.8          12%           4%
                        2.        Shareholder value created:
                                  Company share price at the end of
                                  the reporting period ($)                        8.86       16.81        18.30        19.48        24.10          24%           7%
                                  Market capitalisation ($m)                     875.8     1,663.3      1,810.7      1,928.3      2,384.6          24%           7%
                                  Enterprise value(i) ($m)                       985.9     1,720.3      1,946.9      2,018.7      2,442.5          21%           5%
                                  Movement in enterprise value during
                                  the financial year ($m)                      (901.4)       734.4        226.7          71.7       423.8
                                  Dividends paid to shareholders
                                  during the financial year ($m)                  77.0         65.3         77.2         87.2        93.2
                                  On market share buy-back ($m)                       –           –         25.8          5.0        13.2
                                                                 (ii)
                                  Shareholder value created
                                  - per annum ($m)                             (824.4)       799.7        329.7        163.9        530.2
                                  - cumulative ($m) since IPO                  1,268.0     2,067.7      2,397.4      2,561.2      3,091.4          21%        25%(iv)


                         (i)    Enterprise value is measured as the sum of market capitalisation and net debt.
                        (ii)    Shareholder value created is measured as the increase in the enterprise value, plus cash dividends and share buy-backs paid during the
                                financial year. Cumulative shareholder value is measured from the date of listing in October 2003 when opening shareholder value was
                                $201.7m.
                        (iii)   Percentage movement shown is the compound annual growth rate over the last 5 years.
                        (iv)    Percentage movement shown is the compound annual growth rate since IPO.


                        The graph below shows the relationship between total executive remuneration and EPS over the past 5 years. As
                        EPS increased from FY2015 to FY2016:

                         •       total executive remuneration also increased in FY2016, largely as a result of a higher proportion of STI being
                                 paid based on the achievement of performance hurdles (FY2016: 98% - 100%, FY2015: 63% - 71%);
                         •       the level of fixed pay paid to executives in FY2016 was slightly higher than FY2015 due to appointment of new
                                 executives resulting in an increase in the total number of executives, and the higher base salaries paid to
                                 continuing executives. These increases were offset to some extent because executives joining the Group in
                                 FY2016 generally did so on lower fixed pay than their predecessors who had been established in the roles for
                                 some years; and
                         •       the expense incurred by the Company in relation to executive LTIs in FY2016 (as shown in the graph)
                                 decreased from FY2015 primarily: (i) because a number of the current executives have been with the
                                 Company for a relatively short period of time with the consequence that, in aggregate, the current executive
                                 team has significantly less accumulated LTI than the executive team in place during FY2015; and (ii) as a
                                 result of the grant of the One-Off Retention Zepos in FY2015 as detailed in the 2015 Annual Report.




                                                                                                  31
                                                                                                                                           JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                                                        Remuneration Report

                        Executive remuneration and EPS over the last 5 financial years:
                                                 10,000,000                                                                                    180


                                                  9,000,000                                                                                    160

                                                  8,000,000
                                                                                                                                               140




For personal use only
                                                  7,000,000
                                                                                                                                               120




                                                                                                                                                     EPS (cents per share)
                                                  6,000,000



                                Remuneration $
                                                                                                                                                                             LTI
                                                                                                                                               100
                                                                                                                                                                             STI
                                                  5,000,000
                                                                                                                                                                             Fixed
                                                                                                                                               80
                                                  4,000,000                                                                                                                  EPS

                                                                                                                                               60
                                                  3,000,000

                                                                                                                                               40
                                                  2,000,000


                                                  1,000,000                                                                                    20


                                                          -                                                                                    -
                                                              2012           2013           2014              2015              2016


                        Notes
                        1. The graph shows the aggregate total of remuneration for the Company’s executive team for each year from 2012 to 2016, excluding payments
                            made in relation to departures from the Company. The number of executives engaged during each of these years varied.
                        2. LTI expense is the current period LTI expense only, excluding any prior period write-backs.

                        The effectiveness of the executives’ performance related remuneration in driving performance is reflected in the
                        long term growth of the share price of the Company. The following graph plots the JB Hi-Fi closing share price and
                        the ASX 200 on a daily basis between listing on the ASX and 1 August 2016. The JB Hi-Fi closing share price
                        compound annual growth rate between listing and 29 July 2016 is 23.7%, whilst the ASX 200 compound annual
                        growth rate over the same period is 4.2%.

                                                 $30.00




                                                 $25.00




                                                 $20.00




                         Share Price
                                                 $15.00




                                                 $10.00




                                                  $5.00




                                                  $0.00




                                                                     JB Hi-Fi Share Price          ASX 200 (rebased against JBH share price)


                                                                                              32
                                                                                                                       JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                                    Remuneration Report

                        Key terms of executive employment agreements

                        The remuneration and other terms of employment for each of the executives are set out in individual Company
                        employment agreements. None of the executives are subject to a fixed term of employment.


                         Name                       Notice Periods/Termination Payment/Non-compete




For personal use only
                         R. Murray                  12 months’ notice (or payment in lieu)

                                                    12 months’ post termination non-compete and non-solicitation restriction

                         C. Trainor                 9 months’ notice (or payment in lieu) if terminated by the Company

                                                    4 months’ notice if terminated by the executive

                                                    9 months’ post termination non-compete and non-solicitation restriction

                         P. Green, N. Wells, T.     6 months’ notice (or payment in lieu)
                         Carter, S. Page, J.
                                                    6 months’ post termination non-compete and non-solicitation restriction
                         Saretta

                        Each executive may be terminated immediately for serious misconduct.

                        In no instance would a payment in lieu of notice exceed the termination payments limits set out in the Corporations
                        Act 2001.

                        Each of the executive service contracts other than the contract for Cameron Trainor (which was entered into in
                        2009, several years before the current contracts for each of the other executives) contains contractual entitlements
                        for the Company to clawback incentive remuneration in the event of fraud, dishonesty, or material misstatements in,
                        or omissions from, the Company’s financial statements or misstatements concerning the satisfaction of a
                        performance condition.




                                                                                 33
                                                                                                                        JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                                     Remuneration Report

                        EXECUTIVE REMUNERATION FOR FY2017 – KEY CHANGES

                        The Remuneration Committee and the Board regularly review the Company’s remuneration practices to ensure that
                        they remain fit for purpose, appropriate for the Company’s operating environment, aligned with evolving market
                        trends and shareholder expectations, and continue to reward, incentivise and retain key employees. As a result of
                        its recent review, the Company has decided to make the following changes to the remuneration framework for
                        FY2017.




For personal use only
                        Restructure of Executive STIs for FY2017

                        The deferred component of short term incentive will increase from 10% to 20%. Executives will receive 80% of the
                        FY2017 STI to which they are entitled in cash and the remaining 20% in shares which will be subject to a restriction
                        on sale/disposal for one year after issue. The shares will be forfeited by the executive if the executive’s employment
                        is terminated for cause during the restriction period. The achievement of STI will continue to be subject to group and
                        individual performance targets.

                        CEO Executive Remuneration Package

                        The mix of the CEO’s executive remuneration package will be more heavily geared towards long-term incentive
                        (compared to fixed remuneration and short term incentive) with the splits between fixed, short-term and long-term
                        incentive elements for FY2017, compared to FY2016, being as follows:

                         Year                               Fixed                     STI                  LTI                   Total

                         FY2016                              38%                    31%                    31%                   100%

                         FY2017                              36%                    29%                    36%                   100%


                        NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR REMUNERATION
                        FY2016 Non-Executive Director Remuneration
                        The following persons acted as non-executive directors of the Company during and since the end of the financial
                        year and are considered members of key management personnel:
                        Greg Richards             Non-executive Director, Chair of the Board and Remuneration Committee
                        Beth Laughton             Non-executive Director, Chair of the Audit and Risk Management Committee and (from
                                                  29 October 2015) Member of the Remuneration Committee
                        Gary Levin                Non-executive Director, Member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee and the
                                                  Remuneration Committee
                        Wai Tang                  Non-Executive Director, Member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee (from 14
                                                  September 2015)
                        Richard Uechtritz         Non-executive Director
                        James King                Non-executive Director, Member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee and the
                                                  Remuneration Committee (until 29 October 2015)


                        The overriding objective of the JB Hi-Fi remuneration policies with regard to non-executive directors is to ensure the
                        Company is able to attract and retain non-executive directors with the skills and experience to ensure the Board is
                        able to discharge its oversight and governance responsibilities in an effective and diligent manner. The Board also
                        believes that remuneration for non-executive directors should reflect the time commitment and responsibilities of the
                        role.




                                                                                 34
                                                                                                                         JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                                      Remuneration Report

                        The remuneration packages for non-executive directors for FY2016 are set out below and remain unchanged from
                        FY2015. Aggregate non-executive director remuneration remains within the amount determined by the Company in
                        its Annual General Meeting on 12 October 2011 being $1,250,000.

                                                                                      Fees
                                                                                      2016




For personal use only
                        Role                                                             $
                        Chairman                                                  $270,000
                        Non-executive director                                    $130,000


                        Additional Committee Fees
                        Remuneration Committee Chairman                            $20,000
                        Audit and Risk Management Committee
                        Chairman                                                   $28,000
                        Audit and Risk Management Committee member                 $14,000
                        Remuneration Committee member                              $12,000


                        Superannuation contributions are made by the Company on behalf of non-executive directors in line with statutory
                        requirements and are included in the remuneration package amount. It is the policy of the Company not to pay lump
                        sum retirement benefits to non-executive directors.

                        It is the policy of the Company to not have any elements of non-executive director remuneration at risk. Specifically,
                        non-executive directors do not receive any bonus payments and are not entitled to participate in any Company
                        share option plans.

                        FY2017 Non-Executive Director Remuneration

                        For FY2017, non-executive director fees will be increased by 3% (rounded to the nearest $1,000) to take account of
                        inflation since they were last increased in FY2015 (the FY2015 increases being the first increases since October
                        2010).

                        The Remuneration Committee will continue to review remuneration for non-executive directors on an annual basis
                        in order to ensure that the objectives set out above in respect of non-executive directors’ remuneration are met.


                        OTHER INFORMATION

                        Board Policy with regard to executives limiting their exposure to risk in relation to equity options

                        The Company’s Securities Trading Policy prohibits directors, executives, senior management and other specified
                        employees from altering the economic benefit or risk derived by them in relation to any unvested equity options that
                        they hold. The Policy also requires directors and executives to obtain prior written approval from the chairman
                        before altering the economic benefit or risk derived by them in relation to any shares or options in JB Hi-Fi held by
                        them. Each year directors and executives are required to sign a declaration that they are in compliance with all
                        elements of the JB Hi-Fi Securities Trading Policy. These declarations have been received in relation to the 2016
                        financial year from all directors and executives.




                                                                                 35
                                                                                                                                                    JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                                                                 Remuneration Report

                        KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL COMPENSATION

                        Key management personnel for FY2016 include the non-executive directors and the eight identified executives.

                        The aggregate compensation of the key management personnel of the Group for FY2016 is set out below:
                                                                                                                      Consolidated
                                                                                                               2016              2015
                                                                                                                 $                 $




For personal use only
                        Short-term employee benefits
                              Salary and fees                                                                  4,576,983          4,332,490
                              Bonus                                                                            2,728,903          1,406,286
                              Other                                                                             397,434           1,172,386
                                                                                                               7,703,320          6,911,162
                        Post-employment benefits
                              Superannuation                                                                    284,502              265,636
                                                                                                                284,502              265,636
                        Share based payments
                              Current period expense                                                           1,751,681          1,253,128
                              Prior periods expense write-back                                                          –          (393,573)

                                                                                                               1,751,681             859,555
                                                                                                               9,739,503          8,036,353

                        The compensation for each member of the key management personnel of the Group is set out below:
                                                                                                                   Post-
                                                                                                                  employ-
                                                                                                                   ment
                                                             Short-term employee benefits                         benefits              Share based payments(iii)
                        2016(i)
                                                                                                    Total                                        Prior
                                                                                                  short-term                    Current        periods        Total Share
                                                  Salary &                                        employee        Super-         period       expense            based
                                                    fees         Bonus(iii)       Other(iv)        benefits      annuation     expense(ii)   write-back(ii)    payments           Total
                                                      $             $                $                $              $             $               $               $                $
                        Non-executive directors
                        G. Richards           270,692                         –               –     270,692           19,308             –               –               –        290,000
                        B. Laughton           151,683                         –               –     151,683           14,410             –               –               –        166,093
                        G. Levin              131,000                         –               –     131,000           25,000             –               –               –        156,000
                        W. Tang               105,206                         –               –     105,206            9,995             –               –               –        115,201
                        R. Uechtritz          118,721                         –               –     118,721           11,279             –               –               –        130,000
                        J. King                47,489                         –               –      47,489            4,511             –               –               –         52,000
                                                    824,791                   –               –     824,791           84,503             –               –               –        909,294
                        Executives
                        R. Murray                1,141,813         960,000         28,187         2,130,000           30,000    590,596                  –          590,596      2,750,596
                        C. Trainor                 789,143         642,857         33,000         1,465,000           35,000    550,761                  –          550,761      2,050,761
                        P. Green                   512,500         329,906         20,000           862,406           30,000    319,469                  –          319,469      1,211,875
                        N. Wells                   370,000         252,000         20,000           642,000           30,000    134,585                  –          134,585        806,585
                        T. Carter                  385,000         261,000         20,000           666,000           30,000    112,987                  –          112,987        808,987
                        S. Page                    270,577         235,140         15,462           521,179           23,192     41,242                  –           41,242        585,613
                        J. Saretta                  66,154          48,000          3,077           117,231            4,615      2,041                  –            2,041        123,887
                        K. Ramsdale                217,005               –        257,708           474,713           17,192          –                  –                –        491,905
                                                 3,752,192       2,728,903        397,434         6,878,529       199,999      1,751,681                 –     1,751,681         8,830,209
                                                 4,576,983       2,728,903        397,434         7,703,320       284,502      1,751,681                 –     1,751,681         9,739,503

                        (i)   W. Tang joined the Board as a Non-Executive Director on 14 September 2015 and J. King retired as a non-executive director on 29 October
                              2015. S. Page joined the Company on 14 September 2015 and J. Saretta joined the Company on 2 May 2016. K. Ramsdale joined the
                              Company on 7 September 2015 and left the Company on 31 March 2016.
                        (ii) In accordance with Accounting Standards, remuneration includes the amortisation of the fair value of options issued under the Group share
                              option plans that are expected to vest, less any write-back on options lapsed or expected to lapse as a result of actual or expected performance
                              against non-market hurdles (“Option Accounting Value”). The fair value of options is measured at grant date in accordance with the relevant
                              accounting standard and progressively allocated to profit and loss over the vesting period of the option. The amount included in remuneration
                              above may not be indicative of the benefit (if any) that key management personnel may ultimately realise should the equity instruments vest.
                        (iii) Performance based.
                        (iv) For K. Ramsdale, the amount in the “Other” column comprises $246,246 paid in relation to his departure for redundancy on 31 March 2016, and
                              a $11,462 car allowance. For all other executives, the amount shown is comprised entirely of car allowances.




                                                                                                     36
                                                                                                                                                      JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                                                                   Remuneration Report


                                                                                                Performance based
                                                               Short-term employee benefits                              Share based payments
                                                                                                                                                      (i)
                                                       Maximum Potential STI          Actual STI             Maximum Potential LTI          Actual LTI
                                                             Bonus                       Bonus                     Options                    Options
                                                                   % of total                  % of total                 % of total                  % of total
                        2016(ii)                                   potential                    actual                    potential                      actual
                                                         $       remuneration       $       remuneration       $        remuneration      $         remuneration




For personal use only
                        Executives
                        R. Murray                       960,000                    35%           960,000          35%         593,193            22%            590,596           21%
                        C. Trainor                      642,857                    31%           642,857          31%         553,358            27%            550,761           27%
                        P. Green                        337,500                    28%           329,906          27%         320,805            26%            319,469           26%
                        N. Wells                        252,000                    31%           252,000          31%         134,585            17%            134,585           17%
                        T. Carter                       261,000                    32%           261,000          32%         112,987            14%            112,987           14%
                        S. Page                         240,000                    35%           235,140          40%          41,242             6%             41,242            7%
                        J. Saretta                       48,000                    37%            48,000          43%           2,041             0%              2,041            2%
                                                      2,741,357                    33%      2,728,903             33%        1,758,211           19%           1,751,681          21%

                         (i) Actual LTI is equal to the sum of the current period share based payments expense and the prior periods write-back.
                        (ii) No information is included for K. Ramsdale as he did not receive any FY2016 STI or LTI having left the Company on 31 March 2016. Should K.
                             Ramsdale have not left the Company, his maximum potential STI and LTI would have been $252,000 and $43,306.



                                                                                                                   Post-
                                                                                                                  employ-
                                                                                                                   ment
                                                             Short-term employee benefits                         benefits                Share based payments(ii)
                        2015
                                                                                                       Total                                       Prior
                                                                                                     short-term                   Current        periods          Total Share
                                                  Salary &                                           employee      Super-         period        expense              based
                                                                        (ii)             (iii)
                                                    fees         Bonus              Other             benefits    annuation      expense(i)    write-back(i)       payments        Total
                                                      $             $                  $                 $            $              $               $                 $             $
                        Non-executive directors
                        G. Richards           269,033                          –                 –     269,033      20,967                –               –                  –     290,000
                        J. King               142,466                          –                 –     142,466      13,534                –               –                  –     156,000
                        B. Laughton           144,292                          –                 –     144,292      13,708                –               –                  –     158,000
                        G. Levin              127,660                          –                 –     127,660      28,340                –               –                  –     156,000
                        R. Uechtritz          118,721                          –                 –     118,721      11,279                –               –                  –     130,000
                                                    802,172                    –                 –     802,172      87,828                –               –                  –     890,000

                        Executives
                        R. Murray                1,041,813         523,144           28,187          1,593,144      30,000        381,122               –            381,122      2,004,266
                        S. Browning                390,478               –          614,105          1,004,583      16,058              –       (221,402)         (221,402)(iv)     799,239
                        C. Trainor                 754,985         411,856           33,000          1,199,841      35,000        479,860               –            479,860      1,714,701
                        P. Green                   487,752         223,734           20,000            731,486      30,000        257,085               –            257,085      1,018,571
                        G. Papadopoulos            314,251               –          440,940            755,191      16,058          5,981       (172,171)         (166,190)(iv)     605,059
                        N. Wells                   278,539         123,776           20,000            422,315      26,461         98,185               –             98,185        546,961
                        T. Carter(v)               262,500         123,776           16,154            402,430      24,231         30,895               –             30,895        457,556
                                                 3,530,318       1,406,286 1,172,386                 6,108,990     177,808      1,253,128       (393,573)             859,555     7,146,353
                                                 4,332,490       1,406,286 1,172,386                 6,911,162     265,636      1,253,128       (393,573)             859,555     8,036,353

                        (i)   In accordance with Accounting Standards, remuneration includes the amortisation of the fair value of options issued under the Group share
                              option plans that are expected to vest, less any write-back on options lapsed or expected to lapse as a result of actual or expected performance
                              against non-market hurdles (“Option Accounting Value”). The fair value of options is measured at grant date in accordance with the relevant
                              accounting standard and progressively allocated to profit and loss over the vesting period of the option. The amount included in remuneration
                              above may not be indicative of the benefit (if any) that key management personnel may ultimately realise should the equity instruments vest.
                        (ii) Performance based.
                        (iii) For S. Browning, the amount in the “Other” column comprises $596,000 paid in relation to his departure on 17 February 2015 and in return for
                              an 11 month restraint, and a $18,105 car allowance. For G. Papadopoulos, the amount in the “Other column comprises $424,882 paid in relation
                              to his departure on 17 February 2015 and in return for a 9 month restraint, and a $16,058 car allowance. For all other executives, the amount
                              shown is comprised entirely of car allowances.
                        (iv) Share based payment expense has been impacted by the lapse of all unvested options held by S. Browning and G. Papadopoulos at the time of
                              their departure.
                        (v) T. Carter joined the Company in September 2014.




                                                                                                        37
                                                                                                                                            JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                                                         Remuneration Report


                                                                                               Performance based
                                                              Short-term employee benefits                              Share based payments
                                                                                                                                                     (i)
                                                      Maximum Potential STI          Actual STI             Maximum Potential LTI          Actual LTI
                                                            Bonus                       Bonus                     Options                    Options
                                                                  % of total                  % of total                 % of total                  % of total
                        2015                                      potential                    actual                    potential                      actual
                                                        $       remuneration       $       remuneration       $        remuneration      $         remuneration
                        Executives




For personal use only
                        R. Murray                      825,000            35%         523,144            26%        409,131             18%        381,122             19%
                        S. Browning(ii)                467,772            32%               –             0%        337,015             23%      (221,402)           (28%)
                        C. Trainor                     582,301            30%         411,856            24%        507,702             27%        479,860             28%
                        P. Green                       316,325            28%         223,734            22%        271,333             24%        257,085             25%
                        G. Papadopoulos(ii)            317,208            28%               –             0%        286,830             25%      (166,190)           (27%)
                        N. Wells                       175,000            29%         123,776            23%         99,185             16%         98,185             18%
                        T. Carter                      175,000            30%         123,776            27%         30,895              5%         30,895              7%
                                                     2,858,606            31%      1,406,286             20%      1,941,091             21%        859,555            12%

                         (i)   Actual LTI is equal to the sum of the current period share based payments expense and the prior periods write-back.
                        (ii)   S. Browning and G. Papadopoulos left the Company on 17 February 2015. The maximum potential STI and LTI disclosed is their full 12 month
                               package.



                        All bonuses are paid in the financial year following the year in which they were earned, for example the 2016
                        financial year bonuses are paid in August 2016 (the 2017 financial year).




                                                                                              38
                                                                                                                                               JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                                                            Remuneration Report

                        KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL EQUITY/OPTIONS
                        Fully paid ordinary shares of JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                               Received on
                                                        Balance at        Granted as            exercise of           Net other          Balance at        Balance held
                        2016(i)(ii)                    1 July 2015      compensation               options             change          30 June 2016           nominally
                                                               No.               No.                   No.                  No.                 No.                 No.
                        G. Richards                        23,000                     –                   –                   –             23,000                 3,000




For personal use only
                        B. Laughton                           500                     –                   –               1,500              2,000                     –
                        G. Levin                           30,000                     –                   –                   –             30,000                     –
                        W. Tang                                 –                     –                   –               2,000              2,000                 2,000
                        R. Uechtritz                       10,000                     –                   –                   –             10,000                     –
                        R. Murray                         102,000                     –              47,110            (47,110)            102,000                     –
                        C. Trainor                              –                     –              47,110            (47,110)                  –                     –
                        P. Green                               13                     –              26,779            (24,700)              2,092                     –
                        N. Wells                                –                     –              12,816             (8,333)              4,483                     –
                        T. Carter                               –                     –                   –                   –                  –                     –
                        S. Page                                 –                     –                   –                   –                  –                     –
                        J. Saretta                              –                     –                   –                   –                  –                     –
                                                          165,513                     –            133,815           (123,753)             175,575                 5,000

                        (i)  J. King ceased to be a non-executive director on 29 October 2015 and, at this time, held 32,258 shares in the Company nominally. J. King had
                             no transactions with ordinary shares during the period.
                        (ii) K. Ramsdale left the Company on 31 March 2016 and, at this time, held no shares in the Company. During the period of his employment, K.
                             Ramsdale had no transactions with ordinary shares.


                                                                                               Received on
                                                        Balance at        Granted as            exercise of           Net other          Balance at        Balance held
                        2015(i)(ii)
                                                       1 July 2014      compensation               options             change          30 June 2015           nominally
                                                               No.               No.                   No.                  No.                 No.                 No.
                        G. Richards                        23,000                     –                   –                   –             23,000                3,000
                        J. King                            32,258                     –                   –                   –             32,258               32,258
                        B. Laughton                           500                     –                   –                   –                500                    –
                        G. Levin                           30,000                     –                   –                   –             30,000                    –
                        R. Uechtritz                       10,000                     –                   –                   –             10,000                    –
                        R. Murray                         102,000                     –                   –                   –            102,000                    –
                        C. Trainor                          1,000                     –                   –             (1,000)                  –                    –
                        P. Green                               13                     –                   –                   –                 13                    –
                        N. Wells                                –                     –              11,333            (11,333)                  –                    –
                        T. Carter                               –                     –                   –                   –                  –                    –
                                                          198,771                     –              11,333            (12,333)            197,771               35,258

                        (i)  S. Browning left the Company on 17 February 2015. During the period to 17 February 2015, S. Browning had no transactions with ordinary
                             shares. At the date he left the Company, S. Browning held 41,258 ordinary shares.
                        (ii) G. Papadopoulos left the Company on 17 February 2015. During the period to 17 February 2015, G. Papadopoulos received 13,818 ordinary
                             shares on exercise of options and disposed of 13,818 ordinary shares. At the date he left the Company, G. Papadopoulos held no ordinary
                             shares.




                                                                                                39
                                                                                                                                                     JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                                                                  Remuneration Report

                        Share options of JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                                                                       Balance          Options
                                                        Balance at       Granted as                             Net other        Balance at           vested at           vested
                        2016(i)                        1 July 2015     compensation(ii)      Exercised           change        30 June 2016       30 June 2016       during year
                                                               No.                No.              No.              No.(iii)            No.                No.               No.
                        R. Murray                        446,782               55,144         (47,110)          (41,372)           413,444                     –          47,110
                        C. Trainor                       408,750               24,618         (47,110)          (58,169)           328,089                     –          47,110
                        P. Green                         233,612               19,387         (26,779)          (38,075)           188,145                     –          26,779




For personal use only
                        N. Wells                          56,543               14,475         (12,816)           (5,000)            53,202                     –          12,816
                        T. Carter                         41,364               14,992                –                 –            56,356                     –               –
                        S. Page                                –               16,438                –                 –            16,438                     –               –
                        J. Saretta                             –                2,640                –                 –             2,640                     –               –
                                                       1,187,051              147,694       (133,815)          (142,616)         1,058,314                     –        133,815

                        (i)      K. Ramsdale left the Company on 31 March 2016. During the period to 31 March 2016, K. Ramsdale was granted 17,261 options and did not
                                 exercise any options. At the date of his departure, K. Ramsdale held 17,261 unvested options, all of which lapsed on his departure.
                        (ii)     Excludes any options that may be granted by the Board in August 2016. The issue of any such options to R. Murray, executive director of the
                                 Company, is also subject to shareholder approval at the Company’s Annual General Meeting in October 2016.
                        (iii)    Options lapsed during the financial year as they were not exercised prior to expiry.

                                                                                                                                                       Balance           Options
                                (i)(ii)
                                                       Balance at         Granted as                           Net other         Balance at           vested at     vested during
                        2015                          1 July 2014     compensation(iii)      Exercised          change         30 June 2015       30 June 2015               year
                                                              No.                No.               No.             No.(iv)              No.                No.                No.
                        R. Murray                        311,640              135,142                –                –            446,782                     –                –
                        C. Trainor                       410,346               77,248                –         (78,844)            408,750                     –                –
                        P. Green                         189,132               44,480                –                –            233,612                     –                –
                        N. Wells                          35,116               32,760         (11,333)                –             56,543                     –           11,333
                        T. Carter                              –               41,364                –                –             41,364                     –                –
                                                         946,234              330,994         (11,333)         (78,844)          1,187,051                     –           11,333

                        (i)   S. Browning left the Company on 17 February 2015. During the period to 17 February 2015, S. Browning was granted 54,978 options and did
                              not exercise any options. At the date of his departure, S. Browning held 305,353 unvested options, all of which lapsed on his departure.
                        (ii) G. Papadopoulos left the Company on 17 February 2015. During the period to 17 February 2015, G. Papadopoulos was granted 44,571 options
                              and exercised 5,000 options. At the date of his departure, G Papadopoulos held 8,818 vested options that he retained and 221,920 unvested
                              options which lapsed on his departure.
                        (iii) Excludes any options that may be granted by the Board in August 2015. The issue of any such options to R. Murray, executive director of the
                              Company, is also subject to shareholder approval at the Company’s Annual General Meeting in October 2015.
                        (iv) Options lapsed during the financial year as they were not exercised prior to expiry.

                        All employee and executive share options issued to employees and executives during the financial year were made
                        in accordance with the provisions of the Company’s share option plans.

                        During the financial year 20,947 zero exercise price options (2015: 3,000) and 112,815 options with an exercise
                        price (2015: 13,333) were exercised by key management personnel. The weighted average exercise price for
                        options with an exercise price was $10.13 (2015: $14.95) per ordinary share in JB Hi-Fi Limited.

                        Key management personnel options granted and exercised during the financial year
                        The following table summarises the value of options granted and exercised during the financial year to the key
                        management personnel:

                                                            Value of options granted       Value of options exercised
                        2016                                     – at the grant date(i)         – at the exercise date
                                                                                    $                                $
                        R. Murray                                             961,256                         514,277
                        C. Trainor                                            429,135                         496,481
                        P. Green                                              337,949                         288,005
                        N. Wells                                              252,325                         109,348
                        T. Carter                                             261,336                               –
                        S. Page                                               240,428                               –
                        J. Saretta                                             48,030                               –
                        K. Ramsdale                                           252,465                               –
                                                                            2,782,924                       1,408,111

                        (i)     The value of options granted during the period is recognised in remuneration over the vesting period of the option, in accordance with Australian
                                equivalents to International Financial Reporting Standards.




                                                                                                    40
                                                                                                                                                      JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                                                                   Remuneration Report

                        The value of options granted and exercised during the year is calculated based on the following:
                           fair value of the option at grant date multiplied by the number of options granted; and
                           fair value of the option at the time it is exercised multiplied by the number of options exercised.

                        Options granted during the financial year

                        During the financial year, an aggregate of 164,955 share options over ordinary shares in JB Hi-Fi Limited were




For personal use only
                        granted to the identified key management personnel.

                        The terms of the options granted to the identified key management personnel are summarised in the table below:

                                                                                                                                  Service                             Performance
                                                                                 Number                       Weighted             based                               condition –
                                                                                    of         Exercise      average fair         vesting                              cumulative
                                                               Grant date        options        price        value at GD(i)      condition                            EPS growth
                                                                                                                                        (ii)                                     (iii)
                          Executive              Series          (GD)            granted          $                $             (years)          Expiry date         per annum
                          R. Murray            128-130         14/08/2015         55,144           $0.00            $17.43          3/4/5          13/08/2021               4%-8%
                          C. Trainor           128-130         14/08/2015         24,618           $0.00            $17.43          3/4/5          13/08/2021               4%-8%
                          P. Green             128-130         14/08/2015         19,387           $0.00            $17.43          3/4/5          13/08/2021               4%-8%
                          N. Wells             128-130         14/08/2015         14,475           $0.00            $17.43          3/4/5          13/08/2021               4%-8%
                          T. Carter            128-130         14/08/2015         14,992           $0.00            $17.43          3/4/5          13/08/2021               4%-8%
                          S. Page              134-136          5/11/2015         16,438           $0.00            $14.63          3/4/5           4/11/2021               4%-8%
                          J. Saretta           140-142          2/05/2016          2,640           $0.00            $18.19          3/4/5           1/05/2022               4%-8%
                          K. Ramsdale(iv)      134-136          5/11/2015         17,261           $0.00            $14.63          3/4/5           4/11/2021               4%-8%
                                                                                 164,955

                        (i)   The values shown are the weighted average of the relevant series listed.
                        (ii) One third of options within each series satisfy the service based vesting condition on the 3rd, 4th and 5th anniversary of grant date.
                        (iii) EPS growth is measured following satisfaction of the service based vesting condition. Options vest as follows:
                                •    Where compound annual EPS growth of 4% is achieved 40% of the options vest;
                                •    Where compound annual EPS growth is between 4% and 5% an additional 10% will vest on a linear basis; and
                                •    Where compound annual EPS growth is between 5% and 8% the remaining 50% will vest on a linear basis.
                        (iv) K. Ramsdale left the Company on 31 March 2016. At the date of his departure, K. Ramsdale held 17,261 unvested options, all of which lapsed
                             on his departure.




                                                                                                    41
                                                                                                                                                  JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                                                               Remuneration Report




                         Options exercised during the financial year

                         The following table details the options exercised during the financial year by key management personnel.

                                                                                                                                   Share      Performance




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                  price at     condition –
                                                                 Number of                          Number of       Exercise      exercise     cumulative      Performance
                                                                  options                            shares          price          date      EPS growth        condition –
                                                    Series       exercised        Exercise date      issued            $             $         per annum         achieved

                         R. Murray                     80.1           29,941       28/08/2015           29,941         $9.75       $19.34            5%                Yes
                                                       81.1           10,759       28/08/2015           10,759         $9.75       $19.34        5%-10%          Partially(i)
                                                         82            4,716       28/08/2015            4,716         $0.00       $19.34            5%                Yes
                                                         83            1,694       28/08/2015            1,694         $0.00       $19.34        5%-10%          Partially(i)
                                                                      47,110                            47,110

                         C. Trainor                    80.1           29,941       24/08/2015           29,941         $9.75       $18.75            5%                Yes
                                                       81.1           10,759       24/08/2015           10,759         $9.75       $18.75        5%-10%          Partially(i)
                                                         82            4,716       18/08/2015            4,716         $0.00       $20.31            5%                Yes
                                                         83            1,694       18/08/2015            1,694         $0.00       $20.31        5%-10%          Partially(i)
                                                                      47,110                            47,110

                         P. Green                      80.1           17,020       27/08/2015           17,020         $9.75       $19.00            5%                Yes
                                                       81.1            6,115       27/08/2015            6,115         $9.75       $19.00        5%-10%          Partially(i)
                                                         82            2,681       18/08/2015            2,681         $0.00       $20.31            5%                Yes
                                                         83              963       18/08/2015              963         $0.00       $20.31        5%-10%          Partially(i)
                                                                      26,779                            26,779

                         N. Wells                      67.3            8,333       30/10/2015            8,333        $14.95       $17.96            n/a(ii)          n/a(ii)
                                                         78            3,000       26/08/2015            3,000         $0.00       $18.80            n/a(ii)          n/a(ii)
                                                         91            1,483       26/08/2015            1,483         $0.00       $18.80            n/a(ii)          n/a(ii)
                                                                      12,816                            12,816
                                                                     133,815                           133,815

                         (i)   EPS growth of 9.2% achieved and therefore 84% of the options in the series vested on a linear basis.
                         (ii) Options did not contain a performance condition as they were issued prior to N. Wells becoming an executive.


                         No options issued to T. Carter, S. Page, J. Saretta and K. Ramsdale were exercised during the financial year.

                         Options lapsed during the financial year

                         The options issued to the identified key management personnel that lapsed during the financial year are set out
                         below.

                                                                                Number of options lapsed
                        Financial Year
                            Issued            R. Murray         C. Trainor        P. Green        N. Wells       K. Ramsdale(i)       Total
                               2011               41,372            58,169           38,075            5,000                 –        142,616
                               2012                    –                 –                   –             –                 –              –
                               2013                    –                 –                   –             –                 –              –
                               2014                    –                 –                   –             –                 –              –
                               2015                    –                 –                   –             –                 –              –
                               2016                    –                 –                   –             –            17,261         17,261
                                                  41,372            58,169           38,075            5,000            17,261        159,877

                         (i)   K. Ramsdale options lapsed on his departure from JB Hi-Fi.

                         No options issued to T. Carter, S. Page and J. Saretta lapsed during the financial year.




                                                                                                  42
                                                                                                                       JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                                    Remuneration Report


                         Key management personnel options granted, exercised and lapsed since the end of the financial year


                         No options have been issued to key management personnel, and no options issued to key management personnel
                         have been exercised, since the end of the financial year.




For personal use only
                         The options issued to the identified key management personnel that lapsed since the end of the financial year are
                         set out below.

                                                      Number of options lapsed
                        Financial Year
                            Issued       R. Murray     C. Trainor      P. Green     Total
                            2012             73,523        73,523         37,844   184,890
                            2013                  –             –              –         –
                            2014                  –             –              –         –
                            2015                  –             –              –         –
                            2016                  –             –              –         –
                                             73,523        73,523         37,844   184,890




                                                                                   43
                                                                                                                         JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                                      Remuneration Report

                        SHARE OPTIONS
                        Group share option plans

                        The Group has share ownership-based remuneration schemes for executives and non-executive management
                        (excluding non-executive directors). In accordance with the provisions of these schemes, executives and non-
                        executive managers within the Group are granted options to purchase parcels of ordinary shares at various exercise
                        prices or to acquire shares at a zero exercise price. The options currently on issue (being options issued in FY2013




For personal use only
                        and subsequent years) have the following features:

                        •   no issue price is payable on the issue of an option;

                        •   for some of the options issued to executives during the 2013, 2014 and 2015 financial years, an exercise price
                            is payable on the exercise of an option. This exercise price is usually calculated as being the closing volume
                            weighted average share price (VWAP) of JB Hi-Fi Limited shares over the 5 trading days post and including the
                            date of release of the Group’s full year results, immediately prior to the grant of the option. This price may be
                            calculated by reference to another date, for example where a grant of options occurs other than following the
                            release of results as a result of an executive or non-executive manager joining the Group or being promoted
                            within the Group. For options issued since 1 July 2009 that have an exercise price payable on exercise of the
                            option, a share price condition provides that options will only vest if, during a trading window (as defined in the
                            Group’s Securities Trading Policy), the VWAP of the shares over 5 consecutive trading days exceeds the
                            option exercise price (at a time when all other conditions have been satisfied);

                        •   for some of the options issued before 30 June 2015 and all options issued after 30 June 2015, a zero exercise
                            price;

                        •   for executives only, the majority of options are subject to performance conditions based on EPS growth. To
                            date, options issued have been subject to performance hurdles which require compound annual earnings per
                            share growth of between 4% and 10% per annum;

                        •   service based conditions - the options issued to executives vest a third each on the third, fourth and fifth
                            anniversary of the grant date provided that the executive remains employed at that time. For all options issued
                            to non-executive management, options vest a third each on the second, third and fourth anniversary of grant
                            date provided that the non-executive manager remains employed at that time;

                        •   all conditions must be satisfied for an option to vest;

                        •   to the extent that a performance condition is not achieved in one year, the hurdle is compounded and
                            reassessed in each subsequent year, until the earlier of the condition being satisfied or the option expiring;

                        •   options issued to non-executive management since 1 July 2012 generally expire five years after they are
                            issued. Options issued to executives since 1 July 2012 generally expire six years after they are issued. All
                            unvested options generally expire immediately upon termination of employment although, depending upon the
                            terms of issue, the Company may have discretion to allow the options to continue or waive vesting conditions in
                            certain circumstances. Upon termination of employment, vested options either expire upon termination, 30 days
                            after termination or continue in force depending upon the circumstances of the employee’s exit and the terms of
                            issue;

                        •   each option entitles the holder to one ordinary share in JB Hi-Fi Limited;

                        •   holders of options do not have the right, under the options, to dividends or to participate in any share issue or
                            interest issue of JB Hi-Fi Limited or of any other body corporate or registered scheme;

                        •   upon a change of control of the Company all vested and unvested options will automatically lapse unless the
                            Company determines otherwise; and

                        •   other conditions including, amongst other things, treatment of the options in the event of a capital
                            reorganisation.
                        As detailed in the Company’s 2015 Annual Report, in July 2014 the Company made a one-off issue of share options
                        with a zero exercise price and specific service-based vesting conditions to each of the executives at that time.




                                                                                      44
                                                                                                                                                 JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                                                              Remuneration Report

                        Shares under option

                        Details of interests under option at the date of this report are set out below. All options entitle the holder to ordinary
                        shares in JB Hi-Fi Limited.

                                                                                                                                                   Weighted
                                       Number                          Share                               Weighted                    Risk-free    average
                                      of shares                       price at                 Exercise     average        Dividend    interest    fair value




For personal use only
                         Option         under        Grant date         GD                      price      expected         yield at    rate at     at GD(i)
                         series         option         (GD)              $         Expiry date     $       volatility(i)      GD          GD           $
                             79         94,141       17/08/2012        $9.75      16/08/2017       $0.00      39.68%          6.7%       2.99%         $7.53
                          80-81        225,044       17/08/2012        $9.75      16/08/2018       $9.75      40.37%          6.7%       2.99%         $2.04
                          83-87         35,449       17/08/2012        $9.75      16/08/2018       $0.00      40.19%          6.7%       2.99%         $7.31
                             90          3,000        6/11/2012        $9.99       5/11/2017       $0.00      37.10%          6.4%       2.78%         $7.88
                          92-93        112,319       16/08/2013       $18.66      15/08/2018       $0.00      31.48%          3.8%       3.25%        $16.61
                          94-95         99,760       16/08/2013       $18.66      15/08/2019      $18.93      32.55%          3.8%       3.25%         $4.16
                         96-101         28,516       16/08/2013       $18.66      15/08/2019       $0.00      33.82%          3.8%       3.25%        $16.31
                            102         34,984        1/07/2014       $18.44      30/06/2020       $0.00      31.61%          4.2%       2.99%        $17.15
                        103-104        191,325       15/08/2014       $17.66      14/08/2020      $17.72      30.74%          4.7%       2.90%         $3.25
                        105-113         63,321       15/08/2014       $17.66      14/08/2020       $0.00      31.82%          4.7%       2.90%        $14.73
                        114-116        178,965       15/08/2014       $17.66      14/08/2019       $0.00      32.13%          4.7%       2.90%        $15.43
                        117-118         31,870       27/11/2014       $15.56      26/11/2020      $15.58      30.94%          5.4%       2.63%         $2.51
                        119-127          9,494       27/11/2014       $15.56      26/11/2020       $0.00      31.58%          5.4%       2.63%        $12.64
                        128-130        128,616       14/08/2015       $20.79      13/08/2021       $0.00      30.88%          4.4%       2.19%        $17.43
                        131-133        183,363       14/08/2015       $20.79      13/08/2020       $0.00      30.15%          4.4%       2.19%        $18.19
                        134-136         16,438        5/11/2015       $17.63       4/11/2021       $0.00      30.90%          5.1%       2.19%        $14.63
                        137-139          2,240       18/12/2015       $18.36      17/12/2020       $0.00      29.74%          5.0%       2.24%        $15.63
                        140-142          2,640        2/05/2016       $22.18       1/05/2022       $0.00      30.11%          4.2%       2.06%        $18.19
                                     1,441,485

                        (i)   The values shown are the weighted average for the relevant series listed.



                        As at 15 August 2016, 94,619 options are vested and exercisable. In addition up to 321,005 additional options will
                        vest and become exercisable in August 2016, subject to the satisfaction of the relevant service, performance and
                        share price vesting conditions.

                        The weighted average fair value of the share options granted during the financial year is $17.57 (2015: $10.09).
                        Options were valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, which takes into account the exercise price, the
                        term of the option, the expected exercise date based on prior years’ experience, the share price at grant date, the
                        expected price volatility of the underlying share, the expected dividend yield and the risk-free interest rate.




                                                                                                  45
                                                                                                                                               JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                                                            Remuneration Report

                        The following tables include all share options granted under the Group share option plans that were exercised
                        during and since the end of the current financial year and during the previous financial year. All shares were
                        ordinary shares issued by JB Hi-Fi Limited and no amounts remain unpaid.

                        2016
                                                                                    Amount
                                                                    Number of       paid per         Share price at
                        Option                        Number         shares          share           exercise date(i)




For personal use only
                        Series      Grant date       exercised       issued            $                    $
                              62     13/08/2010        12,833         12,833          $19.75                $20.96
                              66      2/06/2011        32,322         32,322          $17.03      $20.05 to $22.00
                              67     12/08/2011       184,992        184,992          $14.95      $17.96 to $22.00
                              72     27/09/2011         5,000          5,000          $14.73                $17.84
                              73     29/11/2011        10,000         10,000          $15.30                $22.67
                              76     31/07/2012        32,520         32,520           $8.74                $20.03
                              78     17/08/2012       105,676        105,676           $0.00      $18.75 to $22.41
                              80     17/08/2012       141,414        141,414           $9.75      $18.75 to $19.34
                              81     17/08/2012        50,815         50,815           $9.75      $18.75 to $19.34
                              82     17/08/2012        22,274         22,274           $0.00      $19.34 to $20.31
                              83     17/08/2012         8,002          8,002           $0.00      $19.34 to $20.31
                              89      6/11/2012         3,000          3,000           $0.00                $17.84
                              91     16/08/2013        63,001         63,001           $0.00      $18.80 to $21.41
                                                      671,849        671,849

                        (i)   Where a range of prices are shown, options within the series were exercised on various dates throughout the period. The share prices shown
                              are the maximum and minimum share prices on the exercise dates for the relevant series.


                        2015
                                                                                    Amount
                                                                    Number of       paid per         Share price at
                        Option                        Number         shares          share           exercise date(i)
                        Series      Grant date       exercised       issued            $                    $
                              65      1/12/2010         8,818          8,818          $18.75                   $21.06
                              66      2/06/2011        10,774         10,774          $17.03                   $17.21
                              67     12/08/2011       156,492        156,492          $14.95         $16.72 to $17.63
                              73     29/11/2011        10,000         10,000          $15.30                   $17.21
                              76     31/07/2012        65,040         65,040           $8.74         $17.07 to $20.03
                              77     17/08/2012       112,352        112,352           $0.00         $16.72 to $17.07
                              78     17/08/2012         3,000          3,000           $0.00                   $20.03
                              88      6/11/2012         3,000          3,000           $0.00                   $16.17
                              91     16/08/2013         1,483          1,483           $0.00                   $20.03
                                                      370,959        370,959

                        (i)    Where a range of prices are shown, options within the series were exercised on various dates throughout the period. The share prices shown
                               are the maximum and minimum share prices on the exercise dates for the relevant series.




                                                                                                46
                                                                                                                                           JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                                                        Remuneration Report

                        Long-term incentives subject to performance conditions
                        Certain executives have been issued with options under the Group share option plans as part of the Company’s
                        long-term incentive program. Details of the features and conditions of such options are included in the section of
                        this report entitled “Group share option plans”. The following table details the options outstanding at the date of this
                        report which feature performance hurdles:

                              Option                      Performance                           Relevant         Exercise Price




For personal use only
                                          Grant Date                       Date for testing                                              Expiry Date
                              Series                       Hurdle(i)(ii)                     Financial Year            $
                        Not vested (Time based service condition achieved but performance hurdle not fully achieved)
                                80-81       17/08/2012           5%-10%          17/08/2015                 2015             $9.75        16/08/2018
                                82-83       17/08/2012           5%-10%          17/08/2015                 2015             $0.00        16/08/2018
                        Not vested (performance hurdle partially achieved but time based service condition not achieved)
                                80-81       17/08/2012           5%-10%          17/08/2016                 2016             $9.75        16/08/2018
                                84-85       17/08/2012           5%-10%          17/08/2016                 2016             $0.00        16/08/2018
                                94-95       16/08/2013           5%-10%          16/08/2016                 2016            $18.93        15/08/2019
                                96-97       16/08/2013           5%-10%          16/08/2016                 2016             $0.00        15/08/2019
                        Not vested (time based service condition and performance hurdle not achieved)
                                80-81       17/08/2012           5%-10%          17/08/2017                 2017             $9.75        16/08/2018
                                86-87       17/08/2012           5%-10%          17/08/2017                 2017             $0.00        16/08/2018
                                94-95       16/08/2013           5%-10%          16/08/2017                 2017            $18.93        15/08/2019
                                94-95       16/08/2013           5%-10%          16/08/2018                 2018            $18.93        15/08/2019
                                98-99       16/08/2013           5%-10%          16/08/2017                 2017             $0.00        15/08/2019
                              100-101       16/08/2013           5%-10%          16/08/2018                 2018             $0.00        15/08/2019
                              103-104       15/08/2014           5%-10%          15/08/2017                 2017            $17.72        14/08/2020
                              103-104       15/08/2014           5%-10%          15/08/2018                 2018            $17.72        14/08/2020
                              103-104       15/08/2014           5%-10%          15/08/2019                 2019            $17.72        14/08/2020
                              105-106       15/08/2014           5%-10%          15/08/2017                 2017             $0.00        14/08/2020
                              107-108       15/08/2014           5%-10%          15/08/2018                 2018             $0.00        14/08/2020
                              109-110       15/08/2014           5%-10%          15/08/2019                 2019             $0.00        14/08/2020
                              117-118       27/11/2014           5%-10%          27/11/2017                 2017            $15.58        26/11/2020
                              117-118       27/11/2014           5%-10%          27/11/2018                 2018            $15.58        26/11/2020
                              117-118       27/11/2014           5%-10%          27/11/2019                 2019            $15.58        26/11/2020
                              119-120       27/11/2014           5%-10%          27/11/2017                 2017             $0.00        26/11/2020
                              121-122       27/11/2014           5%-10%          27/11/2018                 2018             $0.00        26/11/2020
                              123-124       27/11/2014           5%-10%          27/11/2019                 2019             $0.00        26/11/2020
                                  128       14/08/2015            4%-8%          14/08/2018                 2018             $0.00        13/08/2021
                                  129       14/08/2015            4%-8%          14/08/2019                 2019             $0.00        13/08/2021
                                  130       14/08/2015            4%-8%          14/08/2020                 2020             $0.00        13/08/2021
                                  134        5/11/2015            4%-8%           5/11/2018                 2018             $0.00         4/11/2021
                                  135        5/11/2015            4%-8%           5/11/2019                 2019             $0.00         4/11/2021
                                  136        5/11/2015            4%-8%           5/11/2020                 2020             $0.00         4/11/2021
                                  140        2/05/2016            4%-8%           2/05/2019                 2018             $0.00         1/05/2022
                                  141        2/05/2016            4%-8%           2/05/2020                 2019             $0.00         1/05/2022
                                  142        2/05/2016            4%-8%           2/05/2021                 2020             $0.00         1/05/2022

                        (i)   For options shown with a 5%-10% performance hurdle, 70% of the options vest where compound annual EPS growth is 5%, and where
                              compound annual EPS growth is between 5% and 10% the remainder of options vest on a linear basis.

                        (ii) For options shown with a 4%-8% performance hurdle, options vest as follows:
                                •     Where compound annual EPS growth of 4% is achieved 40% of the options vest;
                                •     Where compound annual EPS growth is between 4% and 5% an additional 10% will vest on a linear basis; and
                                •     Where compound annual EPS growth is between 5% and 8% the remaining 50% will vest on a linear basis.




                                                                                             47
                                                                                                            Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                                                                                            ABN 74 490 121 060

                                                                                                            550 Bourke Street
                                                                                                            Melbourne VIC 3000
                                                                                                            GPO Box 78
                                                                                                            Melbourne VIC 3001 Australia

                                                                                                            DX 111




For personal use only
                                                                                                            Tel: +61 (0) 3 9671 7000
                                                                                                            Fax: +61 (0) 3 9671 7001
                                                                                                            www.deloitte.com.au
                        Board of Directors
                        JB Hi-Fi Limited
                        Level 4, Office Tower 2
                        Chadstone Shopping Centre
                        1341 Dandenong Road
                        Chadstone VIC 3148


                        15 August 2016


                        Dear Board Members

                        JB Hi-Fi Limited

                        In accordance with section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001, I am pleased to provide the following
                        declaration of independence to the directors of JB Hi-Fi Limited.

                        As lead audit partner for the audit of the financial statements of JB Hi-Fi Limited for the year ended
                        30 June 2016, I declare that to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been no contraventions of:

                        (i) the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in relation to the audit; and
                        (ii) any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.


                        Yours sincerely




                        DELOITTE TOUCHE TOHMATSU




                        Andrew Reid
                        Partner
                        Chartered Accountants




                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
                        Member of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited.

                                                                                                 48
                                                                                                             Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                                                                                             ABN 74 490 121 060

                                                                                                             550 Bourke Street
                                                                                                             Melbourne VIC 3000
                                                                                                             GPO Box 78
                                                                                                             Melbourne VIC 3001 Australia

                                                                                                             DX 111




For personal use only
                                                                                                             Tel: +61 (0) 3 9671 7000
                                                                                                             Fax: +61 (0) 3 9671 7001
                                                                                                             www.deloitte.com.au


                                                          Independent auditor’s report
                                                      to the members of JB Hi-Fi Limited
                        Report on the Financial Report

                        We have audited the accompanying financial report of JB Hi-Fi Limited (the company), which comprises the
                        balance sheet as at 30 June 2016, the statement of profit or loss, the statement of profit or loss and other
                        comprehensive income, the statement of cash flows and the statement of changes in equity for the year ended on
                        that date, notes comprising a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information, and
                        the directors’ declaration of the consolidated entity, comprising the company and the entities it controlled at the
                        year’s end or from time to time during the financial year as set out on pages 51 to 90.

                        Directors’ Responsibility for the Financial Report

                        The directors of the company are responsible for the preparation of the financial report that gives a true and fair
                        view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001 and for such internal
                        control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the financial report that gives a true and
                        fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. In Note 1, the directors also state,
                        in accordance with Accounting Standard AASB 101 Presentation of Financial Statements, that the consolidated
                        financial statements comply with International Financial Reporting Standards.

                        Auditor’s Responsibility

                        Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the financial report based on our audit. We conducted our audit in
                        accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Those standards require that we comply with relevant ethical
                        requirements relating to audit engagements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance whether
                        the financial report is free from material misstatement.

                        An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the
                        financial report. The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgement, including the assessment of the risks
                        of material misstatement of the financial report, whether due to fraud or error. In making those risk assessments,
                        the auditor considers internal control, relevant to the entity’s preparation of the financial report that gives a true
                        and fair view, in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose
                        of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity’s internal control. An audit also includes evaluating the
                        appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates made by the directors,
                        as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial report.

                        We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit
                        opinion.

                        Auditor’s Independence Declaration

                        In conducting our audit, we have complied with the independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001. We
                        confirm that the independence declaration required by the Corporations Act 2001, which has been given to the
                        directors of JB Hi-Fi Limited, would be in the same terms if given to the directors as at the time of this auditor’s
                        report.


                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
                        Member of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited.

                                                                                                 49
                        Opinion

                        In our opinion:




For personal use only
                        (a) the financial report of JB Hi-Fi Limited is in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:

                            (i) giving a true and fair view of the consolidated entity’s financial position as at 30 June 2016 and of its
                                performance for the year ended on that date; and

                            (ii) complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001; and

                        (b) the consolidated financial statements also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards as
                            disclosed in Note 1.

                        Report on the Remuneration Report

                        We have audited the Remuneration Report included in pages 25 to 47 of the directors’ report for the year ended 30
                        June 2016. The directors of the company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the Remuneration
                        Report in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
                        on the Remuneration Report, based on our audit conducted in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards.

                        Opinion

                        In our opinion the Remuneration Report of JB Hi-Fi Limited for the year ended 30 June 2016, complies with
                        section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.




                        DELOITTE TOUCHE TOHMATSU




                        Andrew Reid
                        Partner
                        Chartered Accountants

                        Melbourne
                        15 August 2016




                                                                                50
                                                                                                                          JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                                      Directors’ declaration


                        Directors’ declaration
                        The directors declare that:

                        (a)    in the directors’ opinion, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its
                               debts as and when they become due and payable;




For personal use only
                        (b)    the attached financial statements are in compliance with International Financial Reporting Standards, as
                               stated in note 1 to the financial statements;

                        (c)    in the directors’ opinion, the attached financial statements and notes thereto are in accordance with the
                               Corporations Act 2001, including compliance with accounting standards and giving a true and fair view of the
                               financial position and performance of the consolidated entity; and

                        (d)    the directors have been given the declarations required by s.295A of the Corporations Act 2001.


                        At the date of this declaration, the Company is within the class of companies affected by ASIC Class Order 98/1418.
                        The nature of the deed of cross guarantee is such that each company which is party to the deed guarantees to each
                        creditor payment in full of any debt in accordance with the deed of cross guarantee.

                        In the directors’ opinion, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company and the companies to which the
                        ASIC Class Order applies, as detailed in note 21 to the financial statements will, as a group, be able to meet any
                        obligations or liabilities to which they are, or may become, subject by virtue of the deed of cross guarantee.

                        Signed in accordance with a resolution of the directors made pursuant to s.295(5) of the Corporations Act 2001.

                        On behalf of the Directors




                        Greg Richards                                          Richard Murray
                        Chairman                                               Chief Executive Officer

                        Melbourne
                        15 August 2016




                                                                                 51
                                                                                                                        JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                               Statement of profit or loss


                                                                                                                    Consolidated
                                                                                                                 2016          2015
                                                                                                      Notes      $'000        $'000

                        Revenue                                                                                  3,954,467       3,652,136
                        Cost of sales                                                                           (3,089,059)     (2,853,883)




For personal use only
                        Gross profit                                                                               865,408         798,253
                        Other income                                                                                   546             631
                        Sales and marketing expenses                                                              (404,575)       (374,084)
                        Occupancy expenses                                                                        (173,792)       (160,216)
                        Administration expenses                                                                    (27,174)        (27,711)
                        Other expenses                                                                             (38,717)        (35,414)
                        Finance costs                                                                   5           (3,857)         (5,927)
                        Profit before tax                                                                          217,839         195,532
                        Income tax expense                                                              6          (65,658)        (59,021)
                        Profit for the year attributable to Owners of the Company                                  152,181         136,511




                                                                                                                 Cents          Cents

                        Earnings per share
                        Basic (cents per share)                                                         3              153.76      137.91
                        Diluted (cents per share)                                                       3              152.13      136.46




                    The above statement of profit or loss should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                                                                              52
                                                                                                                            JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                Statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income


                                                                                                                      Consolidated
                                                                                                                   2016          2015
                                                                                                                   $'000        $'000

                        Profit for the year                                                                         152,181        136,511




For personal use only
                        Other comprehensive income
                        Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
                            Changes in the fair value of cash flow hedges (net of tax)                                    70              1
                            Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                                  3,915         (2,509)
                        Other comprehensive income for the year (net of tax)                                           3,985         (2,508)

                        Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to
                        Owners of the Company                                                                       156,166        134,003




                    The above statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the
                    accompanying notes.
                                                                                    53
                                                                                                                  JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                                   Balance sheet


                                                                                                              Consolidated
                                                                                                           2016          2015
                                                                                                   Notes   $'000        $'000

                        ASSETS
                        Current assets




For personal use only
                        Cash and cash equivalents                                                            51,884       49,131
                        Trade and other receivables                                                  8       98,073       81,480
                        Inventories                                                                  7      546,437      478,871
                        Other current assets                                                                  6,124        7,419
                        Total current assets                                                                702,518      616,901

                        Non-current assets
                        Plant and equipment                                                           9     183,570      176,208
                        Deferred tax assets                                                           6      20,703       17,363
                        Intangible assets                                                            10      85,590       84,541
                        Total non-current assets                                                            289,863      278,112

                        Total assets                                                                        992,381      895,013

                        LIABILITIES
                        Current liabilities
                        Trade and other payables                                                     11     384,928      325,604
                        Provisions                                                                           46,032       40,585
                        Other current liabilities                                                    13       4,953        4,566
                        Current tax liabilities                                                              10,920        9,474
                        Other financial liabilities                                                               -          107
                        Total current liabilities                                                           446,833      380,336

                        Non-current liabilities
                        Borrowings                                                                   15     109,736      139,461
                        Provisions                                                                            6,381        6,073
                        Other non-current liabilities                                                13      24,729       25,664
                        Total non-current liabilities                                                       140,846      171,198

                        Total liabilities                                                                   587,679      551,534

                        Net assets                                                                          404,702      343,479

                        EQUITY
                        Contributed equity                                                           16      49,264       56,521
                        Reserves                                                                     17      27,140       17,636
                        Retained earnings                                                                   328,298      269,322
                        Total equity                                                                        404,702      343,479




                    The above balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                                                                            54
                                                                                                                                                                                      JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                                                                                        Statement of changes in equity


                                                                                                                             Equity-          Foreign
                                                                                                                              settled        currency                Common
                                                                                                                 Contributed benefits       translation   Hedging     control     Retained    Total




For personal use only
                                                                                                                   equity    reserve          reserve     reserves    reserve     earnings   equity
                        Consolidated                                                                       Notes   $'000       $'000           $'000        $'000      $'000        $'000    $'000

                        Balance at 1 July 2014                                                                        58,383      17,950         3,590         779      (6,054)    219,985   294,633
                        a
                        Profit for the year                                                                                   -         -            -           -           -     136,511   136,511
                        Cash flow hedges (net of tax)                                                                         -         -            -           1           -           -         1
                        Exchange difference on translation of foreign operations                                              -         -       (2,509)          -           -           -    (2,509)
                        Total comprehensive income for the year                                                               -         -       (2,509)          1           -     136,511   134,003

                        Issue of shares under share option plans                                            16         3,125           -             -           -           -           -    3,125
                        Share buy-back                                                                      16        (4,970)          -             -           -           -           -   (4,970)
                        Share issue costs (net of tax)                                                      16           (17)          -             -           -           -           -      (17)
                        Dividends provided for or paid                                                       4             -           -             -           -           -     (87,174) (87,174)
                        Share-based payments - expense                                                                     -       3,508             -           -           -           -    3,508
                        Share-based payments - income tax                                                                  -         371             -           -           -           -      371
                        Balance at 30 June 2015                                                                       56,521      21,829         1,081         780      (6,054)    269,322 343,479


                        Balance at 1 July 2015                                                                        56,521      21,829         1,081         780      (6,054)    269,322   343,479
                        a
                        Profit for the year                                                                                   -         -            -           -           -     152,181   152,181
                        Cash flow hedges (net of tax)                                                                         -         -            -          70           -           -        70
                        Exchange difference on translation of foreign operations                                              -         -        3,915           -           -           -     3,915
                        Total comprehensive income for the year                                                               -         -        3,915          70           -     152,181   156,166

                        Issue of shares under share option plans                                            16         5,955           -             -           -           -           -    5,955
                        Share buy-back                                                                      16       (13,181)          -             -           -           -           - (13,181)
                        Share issue costs (net of tax)                                                      16           (31)          -             -           -           -           -      (31)
                        Dividends provided for or paid                                                       4             -           -             -           -           -     (93,205) (93,205)
                        Share-based payments - expense                                                                     -       4,307             -           -           -           -    4,307
                        Share-based payments - income tax                                                                  -       1,212             -           -           -           -    1,212
                        Balance at 30 June 2016                                                                       49,264      27,348         4,996         850      (6,054)    328,298 404,702




                        The above statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                                                                                                               55
                                                                                                                      JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                               Statement of cash flows


                                                                                                                  Consolidated
                                                                                                               2016          2015
                                                                                                    Notes      $'000        $'000

                        Cash flows from operating activities
                        Receipts from customers                                                                4,355,750       4,012,130




For personal use only
                        Payments to suppliers and employees                                                   (4,101,228)     (3,767,211)
                        Interest and bill discounts received                                                         521             552
                        Interest and other finance costs paid                                                     (3,657)         (5,689)
                        Income taxes paid                                                                        (66,246)        (59,886)
                        Net cash inflow from operating activities                                    14          185,140         179,896

                        Cash flows from investing activities
                        Acquisition of non-controlling interests                                                         -        (2,400)
                        Payments for plant and equipment                                              9            (52,343)      (42,466)
                        Proceeds from sale of plant and equipment                                                      342           496
                        Net cash (outflow) from investing activities                                               (52,001)      (44,370)

                        Cash flows from financing activities
                        Proceeds from issues of equity securities                                    16           5,955           3,125
                        Repayment of borrowings                                                                 (30,000)        (40,113)
                        Payments for debt issue costs                                                               (90)           (484)
                        Payment for shares bought back                                               16         (13,181)         (4,970)
                        Share issue costs                                                                           (44)            (24)
                        Dividends paid to owners of the Company                                       4         (93,205)        (87,174)
                        Net cash (outflow) from financing activities                                           (130,565)       (129,640)

                        Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                   2,574         5,886
                        Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the financial year                           49,131        43,445
                        Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                 179          (200)
                        Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                                   51,884        49,131




                    The above statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                                                                                  56
                                                                                                      JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                     Notes to the financial statements


                    Contents of the notes to the consolidated financial statements

                                                                                                                Page
                    1        About this report                                                                     58
                        Group Performance                                                                          59




For personal use only
                    2        Segment information                                                                   59
                    3        Earnings per share                                                                    61
                    4        Dividends                                                                             62
                    5        Expenses                                                                              63
                    6        Taxation                                                                              63
                        Operating Assets and Liabilities                                                           66
                    7        Inventories                                                                           66
                    8        Trade and other receivables                                                           66
                    9        Plant and equipment                                                                   68
                    10       Intangible assets                                                                     69
                    11       Trade and other payables                                                              70
                    12       Provisions                                                                            71
                    13       Other liabilities                                                                     72
                        Capital Structure and Risk Management                                                      73
                    14       Notes to the cash flow statement                                                      73
                    15       Borrowings                                                                            73
                    16       Contributed equity                                                                    74
                    17       Reserves                                                                              75
                    18       Financial risk management                                                             76
                    19       Commitments                                                                           80
                        Group Structure                                                                            81
                    20       Subsidiaries                                                                          81
                    21       Deed of cross guarantee                                                               82
                    22       Parent entity                                                                         84
                    23       Related party transactions                                                            84
                        Other Disclosures                                                                          85
                    24       Key management personnel disclosures                                                  85
                    25       Share-based payments                                                                  85
                    26       Remuneration of auditors                                                              87
                    27       Summary of other significant accounting policies                                      87
                    28       Events occurring after the reporting period                                           90




                                                                                57
                                                                                                                             JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                            Notes to the financial statements




                    1 About this report

                    These are the consolidated financial statements of JB Hi-Fi Limited (Company or parent entity) and its controlled entities.
                    JB Hi-Fi Limited and its subsidiaries together are referred to in this financial report as the Group. For the purposes of
                    preparing the consolidated financial statements the Company is a for-profit entity.




For personal use only
                    (a) Basis of preparation
                    These general purpose financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards
                    and interpretations issued by the Australian Accounting Standards Board and the Corporations Act 2001.
                    (i)   Compliance with IFRS
                    The consolidated financial statements of JB Hi-Fi Limited also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards
                    (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).
                    (ii) Historical cost convention
                    These financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for financial assets and
                    liabilities (including derivative instruments), and certain classes of plant and equipment which are measured at fair value.
                    (iii) Corporate information
                    JB Hi-Fi Limited is a company limited by shares, incorporated and domiciled in Australia. Its registered office and
                    principal place of business is Level 4, Office Tower 2, Chadstone Place, Chadstone Shopping Centre, 1341 Dandenong
                    Road, Chadstone, Victoria.
                    The financial statements were authorised for issue by the directors on 15 August 2016.
                    (b) Rounding off of amounts
                    The Company is of a kind referred to in ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors' Reports) Instrument
                    2016/191, dated 24 March 2016, and in accordance with that Corporations Instrument, amounts in the financial report
                    are rounded off to the nearest thousand dollars, or in certain cases, the nearest dollar.
                    (c) Sections
                    The notes in these financial statements have been organised into the following sections to help users find and
                    understand the information they need to know:
                    (i)   Group Performance: focuses on the results and performance of the Group;
                    (ii) Operating Assets and Liabilities: provides information on the assets and liabilities used to generate the Group's
                         performance;
                    (iii) Capital Structure and Risk Management: outlines how the Group manages its capital and various financial risks;
                    (iv) Group Structure: explains aspects of the group structure and how any changes have affected the financial position
                         and performance of the Group; and
                    (v) Other Disclosures: provides information on items which require disclosure to comply with Australian Accounting
                        Standards and other regulatory pronouncements.
                    (d) Critical accounting estimates and assumptions
                    Estimates and judgements used in the preparation of these financial statements are continually evaluated and are based
                    on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that may have a financial impact on the
                    Group and that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.
                    The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of
                    assets and liabilities within the next financial year are included in the following notes:
                    Judgement Area                                             Note
                    Inventories                                                7
                    Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets         10
                    Employee benefits                                          12
                    Share based payments expense                               25




                                                                                58
                                                                                                                          JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                         Notes to the financial statements




                    Group Performance
                    2 Segment information




For personal use only
                    (a) Description of segments
                    Management has determined the operating segments based on the reports reviewed by the Chief Executive Officer that
                    are used to make strategic and operating decisions.
                    The Chief Executive Officer considers the business primarily from a geographic perspective. On this basis, management
                    has identified two reportable segments, Australia and New Zealand. The Chief Executive Officer monitors the
                    performance of these two geographic segments separately. The Group does not operate in any other geographic
                    segment.
                    (b) Segment information provided to the Chief Executive Officer
                    The segment information provided to the Chief Executive Officer for the reportable segments for the year ended 30 June
                    2016 is as follows:
                        2016                                                                   Australia       New Zealand      Total
                                                                                                 $'000            $'000         $'000


                        Revenue from external customers                                          3,739,358         215,109     3,954,467
                        EBITDA                                                                     258,215           3,861       262,076
                        Total segment assets                                                       969,236          75,124     1,044,360
                        Additions to plant and equipment                                            47,035           5,308        52,343
                        Depreciation and impairment                                                 37,945           3,584        41,529
                        Total segment liabilities                                                  568,163          19,852       588,015
                                                                                                 (5,619,952)       (322,838)    (5,942,790)
                        2015                                                                   Australia       New Zealand      Total
                                                                                                 $'000            $'000         $'000


                        Revenue from external customers                                          3,456,016         196,120     3,652,136
                        EBITDA                                                                    236,223            3,808       240,031
                        Total segment assets                                                      876,096           70,632       946,728
                        Additions to plant and equipment                                            37,841           4,625        42,466
                        Depreciation and impairment                                                 37,895           2,348        40,243
                        Total segment liabilities                                                 531,635           19,970       551,605
                                                                                                (5,175,706)       (297,503)    (5,473,209)

                    (i) EBITDA
                    The Chief Executive Officer assesses the performance of the operating segments based on a measure of EBITDA. This
                    measurement basis excludes the effects of interest revenue, finance costs, income tax, depreciation and amortisation,
                    and non-operating intercompany charges.




                                                                              59
                                                                                                                               JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                              Notes to the financial statements


                    2 Segment information (continued)

                    (b) Segment information provided to the Chief Executive Officer (continued)
                    A reconciliation of operating EBITDA to operating profit before income tax is provided as follows:
                                                                                                                          Consolidated




For personal use only
                                                                                                                       2016          2015
                                                                                                                       $'000        $'000

                        Operating EBITDA                                                                                 262,076      240,031
                        Interest revenue                                                                                     521          552
                        Finance costs                                                                                     (3,857)      (5,927)
                        Depreciation and amortisation                                                                    (40,901)     (39,124)
                        Profit before income tax from continuing operations                                              217,839      195,532


                    (ii) Segment assets and liabilities
                    The amounts provided to the Chief Executive Officer with respect to total assets and liabilities are measured in a manner
                    consistent with that of the financial statements. These assets and liabilities are allocated based on the operations of the
                    segment or the physical location of the asset.
                    Reportable segments' assets and liabilities are reconciled to total assets and liabilities as follows:
                                                                                                                          Consolidated
                                                                                                                       2016          2015
                                                                                                                       $'000        $'000

                        Segment assets                                                                                 1,044,360      946,728
                        Intersegment eliminations                                                                        (51,979)     (51,715)
                        Total assets as per the balance sheet                                                            992,381      895,013


                                                                                                                          Consolidated
                                                                                                                       2016          2015
                                                                                                                       $'000        $'000

                        Segment liabilities                                                                              588,015      551,605
                        Intersegment eliminations                                                                           (336)         (71)
                        Total liabilities as per the balance sheet                                                       587,679      551,534

                    (c) Product information
                    The Group operates in one product and services segment, being the sale of consumer electronics products and services,
                    including televisions, audio equipment, computers, cameras, telecommunications products and services, software,
                    musical instruments, whitegoods, cooking products, small appliances, digital content and information technology and
                    consulting services.




                                                                                  60
                                                                                                                             JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                            Notes to the financial statements


                    3 Earnings per share

                                                                                                                       Consolidated
                                                                                                                    2016          2015
                                                                                                                    Cents        Cents




For personal use only
                        Basic (cents per share)                                                                         153.76           137.91
                        Diluted (cents per share)                                                                       152.13           136.46

                    (a) Reconciliation of earnings used in calculating earnings per share
                                                                                                                        Consolidated
                                                                                                                     2016          2015
                                                                                                                     $'000        $'000

                        Basic earnings per share
                           Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company                                  152,181          136,511

                        Diluted earnings per share
                            Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company                                 152,181          136,511

                    (b) Weighted average number of shares used as the denominator
                                                                                                                       Consolidated
                                                                                                                    2016          2015
                                                                                                                   Number       Number
                                                                                                                    '000          '000

                        Weighted average number of ordinary shares used as the denominator in calculating
                        basic earnings per share                                                                       98,976           98,982

                        Adjustments for calculation of diluted earnings per share:
                           Options                                                                                       1,061           1,055
                        Weighted average number of ordinary and potential ordinary shares used as the
                        denominator in calculating diluted earnings per share                                         100,037          100,037

                    (c) Information concerning the classification of securities
                    Options
                    Options granted under the Company's share option plans are considered to be potential ordinary shares and have been
                    included in the determination of diluted earnings per share to the extent to which they are dilutive (1,060,513 options are
                    considered dilutive (2015: 1,055,452), 518,494 are considered anti-dilutive (2015: 1,273,774)). The options have not
                    been included in the determination of basic earnings per share. Details relating to the options are set out in note 25.




                                                                                    61
                                                                                                                                JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                               Notes to the financial statements


                    4 Dividends

                                                                                                2016                             2015
                                                                                    Cents per                        Cents per
                                                                                     share             $'000          share             $'000




For personal use only
                        Recognised amounts
                        Final Dividend - previous financial year                          31.00          30,869            29.00          28,778
                        Interim Dividend - current financial year                         63.00          62,336            59.00          58,396
                                                                                          94.00          93,205            88.00          87,174

                                                                                                2016                             2015
                                                                                    Cents per                        Cents per
                                                                                     share             $'000          share             $'000

                        Unrecognised amounts
                        Final Dividend - current financial year                           37.00          36,610            31.00          30,869

                    In respect of the financial year ended 30 June 2016, the directors have recommended the payment of a final dividend of
                    37.0 cents per share. The record date is 26 August 2016.
                    All dividends declared and subsequently paid by the Company are franked to 100% at the 30% corporate income tax
                    rate.


                    (a) Franking account balance
                                                                                                                          Consolidated
                                                                                                                       2016          2015
                                                                                                                       $'000        $'000

                        Franking credits available for subsequent reporting periods based on a tax rate of 30.0%
                        (2015 - 30.0%)                                                                                  161,689          133,964

                    The above amounts represent the balance of the franking account as at the end of the financial year, adjusted for
                    franking credits that will arise from the payment of the amount of the provision for income tax.
                    The impact on the franking account of the dividend recommended by the directors since year end, but not recognised as
                    a liability at year end, will be a reduction in the franking account of $15,690 thousand (2015: $13,152 thousand).




                                                                                  62
                                                                                                                               JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                              Notes to the financial statements


                    5 Expenses

                                                                                                                         Consolidated
                                                                                                                      2016          2015
                                                                                                                      $'000        $'000




For personal use only
                        Profit before income tax includes the following specific expenses:
                        Finance costs
                           Interest on loans                                                                              3,477          5,446
                           Fair value loss on interest swaps designated as cash flow hedges - transfer from
                           equity                                                                                            92            111
                           Other interest expense                                                                           288            370
                                                                                                                          3,857          5,927

                        Rental expense relating to operating leases
                           Minimum lease payments                                                                      102,290         94,672

                        Employee benefits expenses
                          Defined contribution superannuation expense                                                   30,229         27,910
                          Share-based payments - expense                                                                 4,307          3,508
                          Other employee benefits                                                                      365,452        337,923
                                                                                                                       399,988        369,341

                    6 Taxation

                                                                                                                         Consolidated
                                                                                                                      2016          2015
                                                                                                                      $'000        $'000
                    (a) Income tax expense
                        Current tax                                                                                     61,892         56,567
                        Deferred tax                                                                                     3,766          2,454
                                                                                                                        65,658         59,021



                    (b) Numerical reconciliation of income tax expense to prima facie tax payable
                                                                                                                         Consolidated
                                                                                                                      2016          2015
                                                                                                                      $'000        $'000



                        Profit from continuing operations before income tax expense                                    217,839        195,532
                        Tax at the Australian tax rate of 30.0% (2015: 30.0%)                                           65,352         58,660
                           Effect of expenses that are not deductible in determining taxable profit                      1,285          1,069
                           Effect of different tax rates of subsidiaries operating in other jurisdictions                  (20)           (33)
                           Effect of other deductibles in determining taxable profit                                    (1,051)          (433)
                           Other                                                                                            92           (242)
                                                                                                                        65,658         59,021




                                                                                      63
                                                                                                                             JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                            Notes to the financial statements


                    6 Taxation (continued)

                    (c) Amounts recognised directly in equity
                    The following current and deferred amounts were charged directly to equity during the period:
                                                                                                                        Consolidated




For personal use only
                                                                                                                     2016          2015
                                                                                                                     $'000        $'000

                    Current tax
                    Tax effect of employee share options in reserves                                                    (1,212)            (371)
                    Deferred tax
                    Tax effect of hedge gains/(loss) in reserves                                                            30                -
                    Tax effect of share issue costs charged to issued capital                                              (13)              (7)
                                                                                                                        (1,195)            (378)

                    (d) Deferred tax
                                                                                                                        Consolidated
                                                                                                                     2016          2015
                                                                                                                     $'000        $'000

                        The balance comprises temporary differences attributable to:

                        Deferred tax assets
                        Tax losses                                                                                         385           1,002
                        Provisions                                                                                      22,338          21,359
                        Trade and other receivables                                                                        142             127
                        Inventories                                                                                      2,974           2,841
                        Trade and other payables                                                                         1,001             804
                        Cash flow hedges                                                                                     -              31
                                                                                                                        26,840          26,164

                        Deferred tax liabilities
                        Trade and other receivables                                                                     (1,287)          (1,493)
                        Plant and equipment                                                                             (4,850)          (7,308)
                                                                                                                        (6,137)          (8,801)

                        Net deferred tax assets                                                                         20,703          17,363

                    All movements in the above temporary differences have been charged to income except for the movement in cash flow
                    hedges which has been charged to equity.
                    (e) Recognition and measurement
                    Current tax
                    Current tax represents the amount expected to be paid to taxation authorities on taxable income for the period, using tax
                    rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous
                    years. Current tax for current and prior periods is recognised as a liability (or asset) to the extent that it is unpaid (or
                    refundable).
                    Deferred tax
                    Deferred tax is accounted for using the balance sheet liability method, providing for temporary differences between the
                    carrying amounts of assets and liabilities under financial reporting and taxation purposes. Deferred tax is measured at
                    the rates that are expected to apply in the period in which the liability is settled or asset realised, based on tax rates
                    enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.




                                                                                 64
                                                                                                                               JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                              Notes to the financial statements


                    6 Taxation (continued)

                    (e) Recognition and measurement (continued)
                    Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition (other
                    than in a business combination) of assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the




For personal use only
                    accounting profit or in relation to the initial recognition of goodwill.
                    A deferred tax asset is recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against
                    which the deductible temporary differences or unused tax losses and tax offsets can be utilised. Deferred tax assets are
                    reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realised.
                    Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority and
                    the Group intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.
                    Income tax is recognised in the statement of profit or loss except to the extent that it relates to items recognised directly
                    in equity, in which case, the tax is also recognised directly in equity.
                    (f) Tax consolidation legislation
                    The Company and its wholly owned Australian resident entities are part of a tax consolidated group and are therefore
                    taxed as a single entity. The head entity within the tax consolidated group is JB Hi-Fi Limited. The members of the tax
                    consolidated group are identified at note 20.
                    Tax expense/income, deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences of the members
                    of the tax consolidated group are recognised in the separate financial statements of the members of the tax consolidated
                    group using the ‘separate taxpayer within group’ approach by reference to the carrying amounts in the separate financial
                    statements of each entity and the tax values applying under tax consolidation. Current tax liabilities and assets and
                    deferred tax assets arising from unused tax losses and relevant tax credits of the members of the tax consolidated group
                    are recognised by the Company (as head entity in the tax consolidated group).
                    Where the tax contribution amount recognised by each member of the tax consolidated group for a particular period is
                    different to the aggregate of the current tax liability or asset and any deferred tax asset arising from unused tax losses
                    and tax credits in respect of that period, the difference is recognised as a contribution from (or distribution to) equity
                    participants.
                    (g) Nature of tax funding and tax sharing agreements
                    Entities within the tax consolidated group have entered into a tax funding arrangement and a tax sharing agreement with
                    the head entity. Under the terms of the tax funding arrangement, JB Hi-Fi Limited and each of the entities in the tax
                    consolidated group have agreed to pay a tax equivalent payment to or from the head entity, based on the current tax
                    liability or current tax asset of the entity. Such amounts are reflected in amounts receivable from or payable to other
                    entities in the tax consolidated group.
                    The tax sharing agreement entered into between members of the tax consolidated group provides for the determination
                    of the allocation of income tax liabilities between the entities should the head entity default on its tax payment obligations
                    or if an entity should leave the tax consolidated group. The effect of the tax sharing agreement is that each member's
                    liability for tax payable by the tax consolidated group is limited to the amount payable to the head entity under the tax
                    funding agreement.
                    JB Hi-Fi calculates deferred taxes in relation to investments within the tax consolidated group using the ‘change in tax
                    status’ view. This view results in no deferred tax being recognised until such time as an entity leaves the
                    tax-consolidated group.




                                                                                  65
                                                                                                                             JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                            Notes to the financial statements




                    Operating Assets and Liabilities
                    7 Inventories




For personal use only
                                                                                                                        Consolidated
                                                                                                                     2016          2015
                                                                                                                     $'000        $'000

                        Finished goods                                                                                546,437          478,871


                    (a) Recognition and measurement
                    Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs are assigned to individual items of inventory on
                    the basis of weighted average costs. Costs of inventories are determined after deducting rebates and discounts. Net
                    realisable value represents the estimated selling price less all estimated costs necessary to make the sale.
                    Determining the net realisable value of inventories relies on key assumptions that require the use of management
                    judgement. These key assumptions are the variables affecting the expected selling price and are reviewed annually. Any
                    reassessment of the selling price in a particular year will affect the cost of goods sold.


                    8 Trade and other receivables

                                                                                                                        Consolidated
                                                                                                                     2016          2015
                                                                                                                     $'000        $'000

                        Trade receivables                                                                               31,505          28,113
                        Allowance for doubtful debts                                                                      (478)           (431)
                                                                                                                        31,027          27,682

                        Non-trade receivables                                                                           67,046          53,798
                                                                                                                        98,073          81,480
                    (a) Terms and conditions
                    Trade receivables
                    The average credit period on account sales of goods is 30 days. No interest is charged on trade receivables.
                    An allowance has been made for estimated irrecoverable amounts arising from a review of individual debtors. Credit
                    insurance is carried for commercial debtor accounts. Trade receivables are recognised at amortised cost less provision
                    for impairment.
                    Non-trade receivables
                    Non-trade receivables principally represent rebates receivable from suppliers for purchases of inventories. No amount is
                    considered irrecoverable from suppliers and therefore no allowance has been made.
                    (b) Ageing of trade receivables
                                                                                                                        Consolidated
                                                                                                                     2016          2015
                                                                                                                     $'000        $'000

                        Not past due                                                                                    28,908          25,511
                        Past due but not impaired:
                           0 - 30 days                                                                                   1,334           1,830
                           31 - 60 days                                                                                    759             341
                           61 - 90 days                                                                                     26               -
                           91+ days                                                                                          -               -
                                                                                                                        31,027          27,682




                                                                                66
                                                                                                                          JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                         Notes to the financial statements


                    8 Trade and other receivables (continued)

                    (c) Movements in allowance for doubtful debts
                                                                                                                      Consolidated
                                                                                                                   2016          2015




For personal use only
                                                                                                                   $'000        $'000

                        Balance at the beginning of the year                                                             431                449
                        Provision for impairment recognised during the year                                              162                111
                        Receivables written off during the year as uncollectable                                        (115)              (129)
                                                                                                                         478                431

                    (d) Ageing of impaired trade receivables
                                                                                                                      Consolidated
                                                                                                                   2016          2015
                                                                                                                   $'000        $'000



                        0 - 31 days                                                                                       -                  -
                        31 - 60 days                                                                                      -                  -
                        61 - 90 days                                                                                    397                260
                        91+ days                                                                                         81                171
                                                                                                                        478                431



                    (e) Collectability of trade receivables
                    Collectability of trade receivables is reviewed on an ongoing basis. An allowance account (provision for impairment of
                    trade receivables) is used when there is objective evidence that the Group will not be able to collect all amounts due
                    according to the original terms of the receivables. The amount of the impairment allowance is the difference between the
                    asset's carrying amount and the amount expected to be collected.
                    The amount of the impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss within other expenses. When a trade receivable for
                    which an impairment allowance had been recognised becomes uncollectible in a subsequent period, it is written off
                    against the allowance account. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited against other
                    expenses in profit or loss.
                    The Group has not impaired all debts that are past due at the reporting date as the Group considers the majority of these
                    amounts to be recoverable. The Group does not hold any collateral over trade receivables with the exception of retention
                    of title for certain customers.




                                                                                   67
                                                                                                                               JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                              Notes to the financial statements


                    9 Plant and equipment

                                                                                                  Plant and           Leasehold
                                                                                                  equipment         improvements     Total
                                                                                                    $'000               $'000        $'000




For personal use only
                        At 1 July 2014
                        Cost                                                                             231,173         135,119      366,292
                        Accumulated depreciation and impairment                                         (113,223)        (71,505)    (184,728)
                        Net book amount                                                                  117,950          63,614      181,564

                        Year ended 30 June 2015
                        Opening net book amount                                                         117,950           63,614      181,564
                        Exchange differences                                                               (394)            (218)        (612)
                        Additions                                                                        25,899           16,567       42,466
                        Disposals                                                                        (4,530)          (2,437)      (6,967)
                        Depreciation charge                                                             (22,987)         (16,137)     (39,124)
                        Impairment charge                                                                (1,119)               -       (1,119)
                        Closing net book amount                                                         114,819           61,389      176,208

                        At 30 June 2015
                        Cost                                                                             240,819         143,691      384,510
                        Accumulated depreciation and impairment                                         (126,000)        (82,302)    (208,302)
                        Net book amount                                                                  114,819          61,389      176,208



                        Year ended 30 June 2016
                        Opening net book amount                                                         114,819           61,389      176,208
                        Exchange differences                                                                656              346        1,002
                        Additions                                                                        32,649           19,694       52,343
                        Disposals                                                                        (4,014)            (440)      (4,454)
                        Depreciation charge                                                             (23,275)         (17,626)     (40,901)
                        Impairment charge                                                                  (288)            (340)        (628)
                        Closing net book amount                                                         120,547           63,023      183,570

                        At 30 June 2016
                        Cost                                                                             259,013         160,365      419,378
                        Accumulated depreciation and impairment                                         (138,466)        (97,342)    (235,808)
                        Net book amount                                                                  120,547          63,023      183,570


                    (a) Recognition and measurement
                    Plant and equipment and leasehold improvements are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment (if
                    any). Cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the item.
                    Depreciation is provided on plant and equipment and leasehold improvements. Depreciation is calculated on a straight
                    line basis so as to write off the net cost of each asset over its expected useful life to its estimated residual value. The
                    estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each annual reporting period,
                    with the effect of any changes recognised on a prospective basis.
                    The following estimated useful lives are used in the calculation of depreciation:
                          -   Leasehold improvements                              1 to 15 years
                          -   Plant and equipment                                 1.5 to 15 years
                    Plant and equipment is tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
                    amount may not be recoverable.




                                                                                 68
                                                                                                                             JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                            Notes to the financial statements


                    9 Plant and equipment (continued)

                    (a) Recognition and measurement (continued)
                    An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset's carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount.
                    The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset's fair value less costs to sell and value in use. For the purposes of




For personal use only
                    assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash inflows
                    which are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets (cash-generating units).
                    An item of plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected to
                    arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement of an item of plant and
                    equipment is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset, and is
                    recognised in the profit or loss.

                    10 Intangible assets

                                                                                                    Location       Rights to
                                                                   Goodwill       Brand names      premiums       profit share        Total
                                                                    $'000            $'000           $'000           $'000            $'000

                        Year ended 30 June 2015
                        Opening net book amount                         36,194          43,094            2,388           3,542          85,218
                        Exchange differences                              (677)              -                -               -            (677)
                        Closing net book amount                         35,517          43,094            2,388           3,542          84,541

                        Year ended 30 June 2016
                        Opening net book amount                         35,517          43,094            2,388           3,542          84,541
                        Exchange differences                             1,049               -                -               -           1,049
                        Closing net book amount                         36,566          43,094            2,388           3,542          85,590

                    (a) Recognition and measurement
                    Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition over the fair value of the Company's share of the net
                    identifiable assets acquired at the date of acquisition.
                    Brand names, location premiums and rights to profit share are assessed as having indefinite useful lives and relate to the
                    Australian cash generating unit. This assessment reflects management’s intention to continue to utilise these intangible
                    assets into the foreseeable future. Each period, the useful life of these assets are reviewed to determine whether events
                    and circumstances continue to support an indefinite useful life assessment for the assets.
                    Intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life are carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses.

                    (b) Impairment testing
                    Intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation and are tested annually for impairment,
                    or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be impaired.
                    An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset's carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount.
                    The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset's fair value less costs to sell and value in use. For the purposes of
                    assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash inflows
                    which are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets (cash-generating units).
                    Non-financial assets other than goodwill that suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment
                    at the end of each reporting period.
                    For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group's cash-generating units ('CGUs'), or
                    groups of CGUs, expected to benefit from the synergies of the business combination.
                    If the recoverable amount of the CGU (or groups of CGUs) is less than the carrying amount of the CGU (or groups of
                    CGUs), the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the CGU (or
                    groups of CGUs) and then to the other assets in the CGU (or groups of CGUs) pro rata on the basis of the carrying
                    amount of each asset in the CGU (or groups of CGUs). An impairment loss recognised for goodwill is recognised
                    immediately in profit or loss.
                    On disposal of an operation within a CGU, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the
                    profit or loss on disposal of the operation.




                                                                                  69
                                                                                                                           JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                          Notes to the financial statements


                    10 Intangible assets (continued)

                    (b) Impairment testing (continued)
                    The carrying amount of goodwill is allocated to the following cash generating units (CGUs) or groups of CGUs for
                    impairment testing purposes:




For personal use only
                                                                                                                      Consolidated
                                                                                                                   2016          2015
                                                                                                                   $'000        $'000

                        JB Hi-Fi Australia                                                                            13,724           13,724
                        Impact Records (store acquisition)                                                             1,727            1,727
                        JB Hi-Fi New Zealand                                                                          14,718           13,669
                        JB Solutions division (Commercial)                                                             6,397            6,397
                                                                                                                      36,566           35,517

                    The recoverable amount of each CGU (or group of CGUs) has been determined based on value in use calculations
                    which use cash flow projections from financial budgets approved by management covering a five year period, using a
                    discount rate of 11.0% for JB Hi-Fi Australia, Impact Records and JB Solutions division (2015: 11.0%) and 11.5% for
                    JB Hi-Fi New Zealand (2015: 11.5%). The cash flows beyond the budget period have been extrapolated using a steady
                    2% long term growth rate (2015: 2%) which is consistent with the projected long term average growth rate for the
                    consumer products market.
                    The key assumptions used in the value in use calculations include sales growth, cost of doing business (CODB)
                    efficiencies and the discount rate. The assumptions regarding sales growth and CODB efficiencies are based on past
                    experience and the Company’s forecast operating and financial performance for each CGU (or group of CGUs). The
                    discount rate is derived from the Group’s weighted average cost of capital, adjusted for varying risk profiles.

                    11 Trade and other payables

                                                                                                                      Consolidated
                                                                                                                   2016          2015
                                                                                                                   $'000        $'000

                        Trade payables                                                                              302,141          253,712
                        Goods and services tax (GST) payable                                                         21,407           18,293
                        Other creditors and accruals                                                                 16,267           11,972
                        Deferred income                                                                              45,113           41,627
                                                                                                                    384,928          325,604

                    Trade payables and other creditors and accruals represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior
                    to the end of financial year which are unpaid. Trade and other payables are stated at amortised cost. The amounts are
                    unsecured and are usually settled within 45 days of recognition.




                                                                               70
                                                                                                                            JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                           Notes to the financial statements


                    12 Provisions

                                                                                                                        Consolidated
                                                                                                                     2016          2015
                                                                                                                     $'000        $'000




For personal use only
                        Current
                        Employee benefits                                                                              44,038           38,750
                        Lease provision                                                                                 1,994            1,835
                                                                                                                       46,032           40,585
                        Non-current
                        Employee benefits                                                                                4,881           4,323
                        Lease provision                                                                                  1,500           1,750
                                                                                                                         6,381           6,073
                    (a) Recognition and measurement
                    Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is
                    probable that the Group will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the
                    obligation.
                    The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation
                    at reporting date, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. Where a provision is
                    measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of
                    those cash flows.
                    (i)    Employee benefits
                    Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits, are recognised in respect of employees' services up
                    to the end of the reporting period and are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when the liabilities are settled.
                    The liability for annual leave and unpaid bonuses are recognised in the provision for employee benefits. All other
                    short-term employee benefit obligations are presented as payables.
                    Contributions to defined contribution superannuation plans are expensed when employees have rendered services
                    entitling them to the contributions.
                    The liability for long service leave is recognised in the provision for employee benefits and measured as the present
                    value of expected future payments to be made in respect of services provided by employees, up to the end of the
                    reporting period. Expected future payments are discounted using the Australian corporate bond discount rate curve as
                    published by Milliman with terms to maturity and currency that match, as closely as possible, the estimated future cash
                    outflows.
                    Management judgement is applied in determining the following key assumptions used in the calculation of long service
                    leave at balance date:
                    • future increases in wages and salaries;
                    • future on cost rates; and
                    • experience of employee departures and period of service.
                    (ii) Lease provision
                    The lease provision includes the Group’s best estimate of the amount required to return the Group’s leased premises to
                    their original condition, taking into account due consideration of the Group's past history of vacating stores and the
                    Group’s best estimate of onerous lease obligations.




                                                                                71
                                                                                                                            JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                           Notes to the financial statements


                    13 Other liabilities

                                                                                                                        Consolidated
                                                                                                                     2016          2015
                                                                                                                     $'000        $'000




For personal use only
                        Current
                        Lease accrual                                                                                    2,029           1,836
                        Lease incentive                                                                                  2,924           2,730
                                                                                                                         4,953           4,566
                        Non-current
                        Lease accrual                                                                                  11,451           12,472
                        Lease incentive                                                                                13,278           13,192
                                                                                                                       24,729           25,664
                    (a) Lease accrual
                    Leases in which a significant portion of the risks and rewards of ownership are not transferred to the Group as lessee are
                    classified as operating leases. Payments made under operating leases (net of any incentives received from the lessor)
                    are charged to the statement of profit or loss on a straight line basis over the period of the lease. The lease accrual
                    represents the difference between the expense incurred and the payments made.

                    (b) Lease incentives
                    In the event that lease incentives (for example rent free periods and upfront capital contributions) are received to enter
                    into operating leases, such incentives are recognised as a liability. The aggregate benefits of incentives are recognised
                    as a reduction of rental expense on a straight line basis over the period of the lease.




                                                                                72
                                                                                                                                JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                               Notes to the financial statements




                    Capital Structure and Risk Management
                    14 Notes to the cash flow statement




For personal use only
                    For the purposes of the cash flow statement, cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand and in banks, net of
                    outstanding bank overdrafts.

                    (a) Reconciliation of net cash inflow from operating activities to profit
                                                                                                                          Consolidated
                                                                                                                       2016          2015
                                                                                                                       $'000        $'000

                        Profit for the year                                                                             152,181         136,511
                        Depreciation and amortisation                                                                    40,901          39,124
                        Impairment of plant and equipment                                                                   628           1,119
                        Non-cash employee benefits expense - share-based payments                                         4,307           3,508
                        Net loss on sale of non-current assets                                                            4,112           6,471
                        Fair value adjustment to derivatives                                                                  -             111
                        Change in operating assets and liabilities net of effects from acquisition of businesses:
                            (Increase) decrease in inventories                                                          (64,825)        (22,011)
                            (Increase) decrease in current receivables                                                  (16,302)        (10,836)
                            (Increase) decrease in other current assets                                                   1,308          (2,097)
                            (Increase) decrease in deferred tax assets                                                   (3,340)         (2,454)
                            (Decrease) increase in current payables                                                      58,187          25,892
                            (Decrease) increase in current provisions                                                     5,327           3,817
                            (Decrease) increase in other current liabilities                                                266             491
                            (Decrease) increase in non-current provisions                                                   308          (2,627)
                            (Decrease) increase in other non-current liabilities                                           (700)          1,279
                            (Decrease) increase in current tax liabilities                                                2,782           1,598
                        Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                       185,140         179,896


                    15 Borrowings

                                                                                                                          Consolidated
                                                                                                                       2016          2015
                                                                                                                       $'000        $'000

                        Unsecured non-current
                        Bank loans                                                                                      109,736         139,461

                    (a) Recognition and measurement
                    Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently
                    measured at amortised cost.
                    Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement of the
                    liability for at least 12 months after the reporting date, and intends to do so.
                    The Group monitors compliance with its financial covenants on a monthly basis and reports compliance on a
                    semi-annual basis to the banks. The Group has complied with all such requirements during the current and previous
                    year.




                                                                                    73
                                                                                                                               JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                              Notes to the financial statements


                    16 Contributed equity

                    (a) Share capital
                                                                                           Parent entity                  Parent entity
                                                                                        2016           2015           2016            2015




For personal use only
                                                                                       Shares        Shares           $'000          $'000

                        Ordinary shares - fully paid                                98,947,309      98,989,901          49,264          56,521

                    Ordinary shares issued are classified as equity and are fully paid, have no par value and carry one vote per share and
                    the right to dividends. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares are shown in equity as a
                    deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.
                    If the entity reacquires its own equity instruments, for example, as the result of a share buy-back, those instruments are
                    deducted from equity and the associated shares are cancelled. No gain or loss is recognised in the profit or loss and the
                    consideration paid, including any directly attributable incremental costs (net of income taxes), is recognised directly in
                    equity.
                    (b) Movements in ordinary share capital
                                                                                                                   Number of
                                        Date                           Details                                      shares           $'000

                                 1 July 2014     Opening balance                                                     98,947,309         58,383
                                                 Issue of shares under share option plans                               333,956          3,125
                                                 Share issue costs (net of tax)                                                -           (17)
                                                 Share buy-back                                                        (291,364)        (4,970)
                               30 June 2015      Closing balance                                                      98,989,901        56,521



                                 1 July 2015     Opening balance                                                     98,989,901         56,521
                                                 Issue of shares under share option plans                              671,849           5,955
                                                 Share issue costs (net of tax)                                               -            (31)
                                                 Share buy-back                                                       (714,441)        (13,181)
                               30 June 2016      Closing balance                                                     98,947,309         49,264

                    (c) Share options
                    In accordance with the provisions of the Company's share option plans, as at 30 June 2016, executives and
                    non-executive management have options over 1,626,375 ordinary shares (which were all unvested), in aggregate, with
                    various expiry dates.
                    As at 30 June 2015 executives and non-executive management had options over 2,403,618 ordinary shares (of which
                    2,270,674 were unvested), in aggregate, with various expiry dates.
                    Share options granted under the Company's share option plans carry no rights to dividends and no voting rights.
                    (d) Capital management
                    The Board reviews the capital structure on an ongoing basis. The Group’s objective is to maintain an optimal capital
                    structure which seeks to reduce the cost of capital and to ensure the Group has access to adequate capital to sustain the
                    future development of the business.
                    In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the level of dividends paid to shareholders,
                    return capital to shareholders, buy back shares, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt.
                    As part of its capital management program, the Group monitors the return on invested capital and the gearing ratio. The
                    Group defines return on invested capital as earnings before interest and tax (EBIT) divided by the sum of total equity
                    plus net debt and gearing as term debt excluding capitalised borrowing costs, plus bank overdrafts and hire purchase
                    liabilities, divided by earnings before interest, taxation, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA).




                                                                                  74
                                                                                                                           JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                          Notes to the financial statements


                    16 Contributed equity (continued)

                    (d) Capital management (continued)
                    The Board has adopted a policy of monitoring the dividend payout ratio and targeting a payout ratio of approximately
                    65% of net profit after tax as it seeks to strike a balance between shareholder returns and ensuring adequate capital is




For personal use only
                    retained for the growth of the business so as to maximise long term shareholder returns.
                    There were no changes in the Group’s approach to capital management during the year.
                    The Group’s return on invested capital and gearing ratios as at 30 June 2016 and 30 June 2015 were as follows:
                                                                                                                       Consolidated
                                                                                                                    2016          2015
                                                                                                                    $'000        $'000

                    Return on invested capital
                    Profit before tax                                                                                217,839         195,532
                    Net finance costs                                                                                  3,336           5,375
                    EBIT                                                                                             221,175         200,907

                    Borrowings                                                                                       109,736         139,461
                    Cash and cash equivalents                                                                        (51,884)        (49,131)
                    Net debt                                                                                          57,852          90,330

                    Total equity                                                                                     404,702         343,479
                    Invested capital                                                                                 462,554         433,809

                    Return on invested capital                                                                          47.8%           46.3%

                        Gearing
                        Term debt                                                                                    110,000         140,000
                                                                                                                                           a
                        EBIT                                                                                         221,175         200,907
                        Depreciation and amortisation                                                                 40,901          39,124
                        EBITDA                                                                                       262,076         240,031

                        Gearing                                                                                           0.42           0.58

                    17 Reserves

                                                                                                                       Consolidated
                                                                                                                    2016          2015
                                                                                                                    $'000        $'000

                        Equity-settled benefits                                                                       27,348           21,829
                        Common control reserve                                                                        (6,054)          (6,054)
                        Hedging reserves                                                                                 850              780
                        Foreign currency translation reserve                                                           4,996            1,081
                                                                                                                      27,140           17,636

                    (a) Nature and purpose of reserves
                    (i)    Equity-settled benefits
                    The equity-settled benefits reserve arises on the grant of share options to executives and non-executive management
                    under the Company's share option plans. Further information about share based payments is in note 25 to the financial
                    statements.




                                                                                75
                                                                                                                               JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                              Notes to the financial statements


                    17 Reserves (continued)

                    (a) Nature and purpose of reserves (continued)
                    (ii) Common control reserve
                    The common control reserve represents the excess of the purchase consideration over the balance of a non-controlling




For personal use only
                    interest at the date a change in ownership of a subsidiary occurs.
                    (iii) Hedging reserves
                    Hedging reserves include gains and losses recognised on the effective portion of cash flow hedges with respect to the
                    Group's interest rate swaps, as described in note 27(b), in addition to gains and losses recognised on the effective
                    portion of foreign currency loans in previous periods designated as net investment hedges.

                    The cumulative deferred gain or loss on the interest rate swaps is recognised in the profit or loss when the hedged
                    transaction impacts the profit or loss. The gains and losses deferred due to the net investment hedge are recognised in
                    the profit or loss when the foreign operation is disposed.
                    (iv) Foreign currency translation
                    Exchange differences relating to the translation of the Group's foreign controlled entities from their functional currencies
                    into Australian dollars are brought to account directly to the foreign currency translation reserve, as described in note
                    27(c).


                    18 Financial risk management

                    The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks, including market risk (foreign currency and interest rate
                    risk), liquidity risk and credit risk.
                    The Group seeks to minimise the effects of these risks, by using various financial instruments, including derivative
                    financial instruments. The Group does not enter into or trade financial instruments, including derivative financial
                    instruments, for speculative purposes. The use of financial derivatives is governed by the Group’s policies approved by
                    the Board of directors, which provide written principles on the use of financial derivatives.
                    There have been no changes to the Group’s exposure to financial risks or the manner in which it manages and
                    measures these risks from the previous period.
                    The Group holds the following financial assets and liabilities at reporting date:
                                                                                                                           Consolidated
                                                                                                                        2016          2015
                                                                                                                        $'000        $'000

                        Financial assets
                        Cash and cash equivalents                                                                         51,884           49,131
                        Trade and other receivables                                                                       98,073           81,480
                                                                                                                         149,957          130,611

                        Financial liabilities
                        Trade and other payables                                                                         339,815          283,977
                        Bank loans                                                                                       109,736          139,461
                        Interest rate swaps (net settled)                                                                      -              107
                                                                                                                         449,551          423,545

                    (a) Market risk
                    (i)     Foreign exchange risk management
                    The majority of the Group’s operations are denominated in the functional currency of the country of operation therefore
                    minimising the impact of most foreign currency risk. That is, transactions and balances related to the Australian
                    operations are denominated in Australian dollars and transactions and balances related to the New Zealand operations
                    are denominated in New Zealand dollars.




                                                                                  76
                                                                                                                                JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                               Notes to the financial statements


                    18 Financial risk management (continued)

                    (a) Market risk (continued)
                    (ii) Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk
                    The Group is exposed to interest rate risk as it borrows funds at floating interest rates. The risk is managed by the Group




For personal use only
                    by maintaining an appropriate mix between fixed and floating rate borrowings through the use of interest rate swap
                    contracts. Hedging activities are evaluated regularly to align with interest rate views and defined risk appetite, ensuring
                    optimal hedging strategies are applied, by either positioning the balance sheet or protecting interest expense through
                    different interest rate cycles.
                    Interest rate swap contracts
                    Under interest rate swap contracts, the Group agrees to exchange the difference between fixed and floating rate interest
                    amounts calculated on agreed notional principal amounts. Such contracts enable the Group to mitigate the risk of
                    changing interest rates on the cash flow exposures on the issued variable rate debt held. The fair value of interest rate
                    swaps at the reporting date is determined by discounting the future cash flows using the forward interest rate curves at
                    reporting date and the credit risk inherent in the contract.
                    The following tables detail the notional principal amounts and interest rate swap contracts outstanding as at reporting
                    date and weighted average interest rates based on the outstanding balances and applicable interest rates throughout the
                    financial year:
                        Consolidated                                                      30 June 2016                      30 June 2015
                                                                                     Weighted                          Weighted
                                                                                     average                           average
                                                                                   interest rate   Balance           interest rate    Balance
                                                                                        %           $'000                 %            $'000

                        Bank loans                                                      2.97%             110,000       3.70%              140,000
                        Interest rate swaps (notional principal amount)                 3.80%                   -       4.11%              (30,000)
                        Net exposure to cash flow interest rate risk                                      110,000                          110,000

                    The interest rate swaps settle on a monthly basis and the Group settles the difference on a net basis. The interest rate
                    swap contracts are designated as cash flow hedges in order to reduce the Group's cash flow exposure resulting from
                    variable interest rates on borrowings. The interest rate swap and the interest payments on the loan occur simultaneously
                    and the amount deferred in equity is recognised in profit or loss over the period that the floating interest payments impact
                    profit or loss.

                    (iii) Summarised sensitivity analysis
                    The following table summarises the sensitivity of the Group's financial assets and financial liabilities to interest rate risk.
                    The Group is using a sensitivity of 50 basis points as management considers this to be reasonable having regard to
                    historic movements in interest rates.
                    A positive number represents an increase in profit or equity and a negative number a decrease in profit or equity.
                                                                                                                           Interest rate risk
                                                                                                                        -50 bps         +50 bps
                                                                                                          Carrying            Other          Other
                        Consolidated                                                                      amount      Profit equity Profit equity
                        At 30 June 2016                                                                    $'000      $'000 $'000 $'000 $'000

                        Financial liabilities
                        Borrowings                                                                         109,736       135        -   (135)         -
                        Total increase/(decrease)                                                                        135        -   (135)         -




                                                                                   77
                                                                                                                               JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                              Notes to the financial statements


                    18 Financial risk management (continued)

                    (a) Market risk (continued)
                                                                                                                           Interest rate risk
                                                                                                                        -50 bps         +50 bps




For personal use only
                                                                                                           Carrying           Other          Other
                        Consolidated                                                                       amount     Profit equity Profit equity
                        At 30 June 2015                                                                     $'000     $'000 $'000 $'000 $'000

                        Financial liabilities
                        Interest rate swaps                                                                    107      (98)    (40)  98      40
                        Borrowings                                                                         139,461      182       - (182)      -
                        Total increase/(decrease)                                                                        84     (40) (84)     40

                    (b) Liquidity risk
                    Ultimate responsibility for liquidity risk management rests with the board of directors, who assess the Group’s short,
                    medium and long term funding and liquidity management requirements. The Group manages liquidity risk by maintaining
                    adequate reserves, banking facilities and reserve borrowing facilities and by continuously monitoring forecast and actual
                    cash flows.
                    Financing arrangements
                    The Group had access to the following undrawn borrowing facilities at the end of the reporting period:
                                                                                                                           Consolidated
                                                                                                                        2016          2015
                                                                                                                        $'000        $'000
                        Unsecured bank overdraft facility:
                           amount used                                                                                         -               -
                           amount unused                                                                                  89,534          88,854
                                                                                                                          89,534          88,854

                        Unsecured indemnity guarantees:
                           amount used                                                                                     1,309             522
                           amount unused                                                                                      73              78
                                                                                                                           1,382             600

                        Unsecured bank loan facilities (term debt):
                           amount used (i)                                                                               110,000         140,000
                           amount unused                                                                                  90,000          60,000
                                                                                                                         200,000         200,000

                        Headroom in total borrowing facilities (excluding security indemnity guarantees)                 179,534         148,854

                    (i)     Face value of term debt (excluding capitalised borrowing costs).




                                                                                         78
                                                                                                                                 JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                                Notes to the financial statements


                    18 Financial risk management (continued)

                    (b) Liquidity risk (continued)
                    Maturities of financial liabilities
                    The following tables detail the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its financial liabilities. The tables have been




For personal use only
                    drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group can
                    be required to pay. The table includes both principal and estimated interest cash flows.
                    Cash flows for financial liabilities without fixed amount or timing are based on the conditions existing at the reporting
                    date.
                                                                Less than 6 - 12          Between Between           Over 5       Total     Weighted
                                                                6 months months           1 and 2 2 and 5           years                  average
                                                                                           years   years                                   effective
                                                                                                                                           interest
                                                                                                                                              rate
                        2016                                       $'000       $'000        $'000       $'000       $'000        $'000         %


                        Financial liabilities
                        Trade and other payables                   339,815            -          -              -            -   339,815          -%
                        Bank loans                                   1,636        1,636    113,273              -            -   116,545       2.97%
                                                                   341,451        1,636    113,273              -            -   456,360       2.97%

                                                                Less than 6 - 12          Between Between           Over 5       Total     Weighted
                                                                6 months months           1 and 2 2 and 5           years                  average
                                                                                           years   years                                   effective
                                                                                                                                           interest
                                                                                                                                              rate
                        2015                                       $'000       $'000        $'000       $'000       $'000        $'000         %


                        Financial liabilities
                        Trade and other payables                   283,977            -           -           -              -   283,977          -%
                        Bank loans                                   2,588        2,588       5,175     145,175              -   155,526       3.70%
                        Interest rate swaps (net settled)              107            -           -           -              -       107          -%
                                                                   286,672        2,588       5,175     145,175              -   439,610       3.70%

                    (c) Credit risk management
                    Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in financial loss to the
                    Group. The Group has endeavoured to minimise its credit risk by dealing with creditworthy counterparties. The Group's
                    exposure and the credit ratings of its counterparties are continuously monitored and the aggregate value of transactions
                    concluded is spread amongst approved counterparties.
                    The Group does not have any significant credit risk exposure to any single counterparty or any group of counterparties
                    having similar characteristics.
                    The carrying amount of financial assets recorded in the financial statements, net of any allowance for impairment,
                    represents the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk.
                    (d) Fair value of financial instruments
                    At 30 June 2016, there were no financial assets or financial liabilities carried at fair value, however at 30 June 2015, the
                    only financial assets or financial liabilities carried at fair value were interest rate swaps. The interest rate swaps were
                    considered to be Level 2 financial instruments because, unlike Level 1 financial instruments, it's measurement is derived
                    from inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the assets or liabilities, either directly (as prices) or indirectly
                    (derived from prices). There have been no transfers between levels 1, 2 and 3 for recurring fair value measurements
                    during the financial year. The interest rate swap's fair value at 30 June 2015 was obtained from a third party valuation
                    derived from discounted cash flow forecasts of forward interest rates (from observable yield curves at the end of the
                    reporting period) and contract interest rates.
                    The carrying amount of other financial assets and financial liabilities recorded in the financial statements approximate
                    their fair values.




                                                                                   79
                                                                                                                         JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                        Notes to the financial statements


                    19 Commitments

                    (a) Non-cancellable operating leases
                    The Group has entered into operating lease agreements in relation to its stores. These agreements have terms of
                    between five to fifteen years, with, in some cases, an option to extend. Operating lease contracts generally contain




For personal use only
                    market review clauses in the event that the Group exercises its option to renew. The Group does not have an option to
                    purchase the leased asset at the expiry of the lease period.
                                                                                                                    Consolidated
                                                                                                                 2016          2015
                                                                                                                 $'000        $'000
                    Commitments for minimum lease payments in relation to non-cancellable operating
                    leases are payable as follows:
                    Within one year                                                                                 83,042         76,979
                    Later than one year but not later than five years                                              239,904        214,263
                    Later than five years                                                                           95,152         72,237
                                                                                                                   418,098        363,479




                                                                              80
                                                                                                                               JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                              Notes to the financial statements




                    Group Structure
                    20 Subsidiaries




For personal use only
                    The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets, liabilities and results of the following principal subsidiaries
                    in accordance with the accounting policy described below:
                                                                                       Country of
                        Name of entity                                               incorporation Class of shares         Equity holding
                                                                                                                          2016        2015
                                                                                                                           %            %
                        Parent entity
                        JB Hi-Fi Limited (i)                                                                                      -              -
                        Subsidiaries
                        JB Hi-Fi Group Pty Ltd (ii)                                    Australia         Ordinary              100            100
                        Clive Anthonys Pty Ltd (ii)                                    Australia         Ordinary              100            100
                        JB Hi-Fi (A) Pty Ltd (ii)                                      Australia         Ordinary              100            100
                        Rocket Replacements Pty Ltd (ii)                               Australia         Ordinary              100            100
                        JB Hi-Fi Education Solutions Pty Ltd (ii)                      Australia         Ordinary              100            100
                        JB Hi-Fi Group (NZ) Limited                                   New Zealand        Ordinary              100            100
                        JB Hi-Fi NZ Limited                                           New Zealand        Ordinary              100            100
                    (i)     JB Hi-Fi Limited is the head entity within the tax consolidated group.
                    (ii)    These wholly owned subsidiaries are members of the tax consolidated group.

                    In addition, JB Hi-Fi Limited has effective control over the JB Hi-Fi Limited Employee Share Trust, which administers
                    shares issued through the Company's share option plans. This entity is also consolidated.
                    (a) Principles of consolidation
                    (i)     Subsidiaries
                    Subsidiaries are all entities which are controlled by the Company. Control is achieved when the Company:
                    • has power over the investee;
                    • is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and
                    • has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.
                    The Company reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are
                    changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on
                    which control is transferred to the Group. They are de-consolidated from the date that control ceases.
                    Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between Group companies are eliminated.
                    Unrealised losses are also eliminated.
                    Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in the consolidated financial
                    statements.
                    Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost, less any impairment, in the separate financial statements of
                    JB Hi-Fi Limited.
                    (ii) Employee Share Trust
                    The Company has a trust to administer the Company's share options plans. This trust is consolidated, as the substance
                    of the relationship is that the trust is controlled by the Company.
                    (iii) Changes in ownership interests
                    The Company treats transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of control as transactions with
                    equity owners of the Company. A change in ownership interest results in an adjustment between the carrying amounts of
                    the controlling and non-controlling interests to reflect their relative interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between the
                    amount of the adjustment to non-controlling interests and any consideration paid or received is recognised in a separate
                    reserve within equity attributable to owners of JB Hi-Fi Limited (the common control reserve).




                                                                                      81
                                                                                                                          JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                         Notes to the financial statements


                    21 Deed of cross guarantee

                    JB Hi-Fi Limited, JB Hi-Fi Group Pty Ltd, JB Hi-Fi (A) Pty Ltd, Clive Anthonys Pty Ltd and JB Hi-Fi Education Solutions
                    Pty Ltd (formerly Network Neighborhood Pty Ltd) are parties to a deed of cross guarantee under which each Company
                    guarantees to each creditor payment in full of any debt in accordance with the deed of cross guarantee. By entering into
                    the deed, the subsidiaries who are party to the deed have been relieved from the requirement to prepare and lodge an




For personal use only
                    audited financial report under Class Order 98/1418 (as amended).
                    The consolidated statement of profit or loss, statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income and balance
                    sheet of the entities party to the deed of cross guarantee are provided as follows:
                    (a) Consolidated statement of profit or loss, statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
                                                                                                                  2016            2015
                                                                                                                  $'000           $'000

                        Statement of profit or loss
                        Revenue                                                                                   3,739,358       3,456,016
                        Cost of sales                                                                            (2,913,563)     (2,693,370)
                        Gross profit                                                                                825,795         762,646
                        Other income                                                                                    427             486
                        Sales and marketing expenses                                                               (382,161)       (353,667)
                        Occupancy expenses                                                                         (161,419)       (149,883)
                        Administration expenses                                                                     (25,476)        (26,183)
                        Finance costs                                                                                (3,803)         (5,921)
                        Other expenses                                                                              (36,494)        (33,530)
                        Profit before income tax                                                                    216,869         193,948
                        Income tax expense                                                                          (65,384)        (58,593)
                        Profit for the year                                                                         151,485         135,355

                                                                                                                  2016            2015
                                                                                                                  $'000           $'000
                        Statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
                        Profit for the year                                                                         151,485         135,355
                        Other comprehensive income
                        Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
                        Changes in the fair value of cash flow hedges (net of tax)                                       70               1
                        Other comprehensive income for the year (net of tax)                                             70               1
                        Total comprehensive income for the year                                                     151,555         135,356




                                                                                     82
                                                                                   JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                  Notes to the financial statements


                    21 Deed of cross guarantee (continued)

                    (b) Balance sheet
                                                                          2016           2015
                                                                          $'000          $'000




For personal use only
                        Current assets
                        Cash and cash equivalents                           50,867         45,083
                        Trade and other receivables                         94,864         78,281
                        Inventories                                        506,881        443,179
                        Other                                                5,911          7,333
                        Total current assets                               658,523        573,876

                        Non-current assets
                        Other financial assets                              51,644         51,644
                        Plant and equipment                                168,860        163,892
                        Deferred tax assets                                 19,336         15,811
                        Intangible assets                                   70,873         70,873
                        Total non-current assets                           310,713        302,220

                        Total assets                                       969,236        876,096

                        Current liabilities
                        Trade and other payables                           368,232        308,066
                        Current tax liabilities                             11,005          9,516
                        Provisions                                          44,227         39,156
                        Other financial liabilities                              -            107
                        Other                                                4,726          4,405
                        Total current liabilities                          428,190        361,250

                        Non-current liabilities
                        Borrowings                                         109,736        139,461
                        Provisions                                           6,381          6,073
                        Other                                               23,856         24,851
                        Total non-current liabilities                      139,973        170,385

                        Total liabilities                                  568,163        531,635

                        Net assets                                         401,073        344,461

                        Equity
                        Contributed equity                                  49,264         56,521
                        Reserves                                            22,145         16,556
                        Retained earnings                                  329,664        271,384
                        Total equity                                       401,073        344,461




                                                             83
                                                                                                                              JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                             Notes to the financial statements


                    22 Parent entity

                                                                                                                        Parent Entity
                                                                                                                     2016          2015
                                                                                                                     $'000         $'000




For personal use only
                        Assets
                        Current assets                                                                                   1,535           344
                        Non-current assets                                                                              92,303        90,487
                        Total assets                                                                                    93,838        90,831

                        Liabilities
                        Current liabilities                                                                             14,320        10,496
                        Non-current liabilities                                                                            118            20
                        Total liabilities                                                                               14,438        10,516
                                                                                                                             -              -
                        Shareholders' equity
                        Contributed equity                                                                              49,264        56,521
                        Reserves                                                                                        27,348        21,829
                        Retained earnings                                                                                2,788         1,965
                                                                                                                        79,400        80,315


                        Profit for the year                                                                             94,028        85,385

                        Total comprehensive income                                                                      94,028        85,385


                    23 Related party transactions

                    (a) Parent entity and equity interests in related parties
                    The parent entity of the Group is JB Hi-Fi Limited, a listed public company, incorporated in Australia.
                    (b) Equity interests in related parties
                    Details of the percentage of ordinary shares held in subsidiaries are disclosed in note 20.
                    (c) Key management personnel
                    Disclosures relating to key management personnel are set out in the Directors' report.
                    (d) Terms and conditions of transactions with related parties other than key management personnel or entities
                        related to them
                    Sales to, and purchases from, related parties for goods and services are made in arm's length transactions at normal
                    prices and on normal commercial terms.




                                                                                84
                                                                                                                           JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                          Notes to the financial statements




                    Other Disclosures
                    24 Key management personnel disclosures




For personal use only
                    The aggregate compensation of the key management personnel of the Group is set out below:
                                                                                                                        Consolidated
                                                                                                                    2016           2015
                                                                                                                      $              $
                                                                                                                               -                 -
                        Short-term employee benefits                                                               7,703,320       6,911,162
                        Post-employment benefits                                                                     284,502         265,636
                        Share-based payments expense                                                               1,751,681         859,555
                                                                                                                   9,739,503       8,036,353
                    Detailed remuneration disclosures are provided in the remuneration report on pages 25 to 47.


                    25 Share-based payments

                    (a) Group share option plans
                    The Group has an ownership based remuneration scheme for executives (excluding non-executive directors) and
                    non-executive management. In accordance with the provisions of the scheme, executives and non-executive managers
                    within the Group are granted options to purchase parcels of ordinary shares at various issue prices including zero
                    exercise prices. The options vest as follows, providing that performance and share price conditions, where they exist, are
                    met:
                    • options issued to non-executive managers - a third each on the second, third and fourth anniversary of issue;
                    • options issued to executives prior to 1 July 2012 - a third each on the second, third and fourth anniversary of issue;
                    • options issued to executives from 1 July 2012 - a third each on the third, fourth and fifth anniversary of issue; and
                    • options issued to executives on 1 July 2014 - on the second anniversary of issue.
                    The options expire within five years of their issue, except for executive options issued from 1 July 2012 which expire
                    within six years of their issue, or generally one month after the executive’s or non-executive manager's resignation,
                    whichever is earlier, however the Board may exercise its discretion to allow options to continue in certain circumstances.
                    All options issued to executives under the Group’s long term incentive program until 30 June 2015 include performance
                    hurdles requiring compound annual EPS growth of between 5% and 20% with the exception of the retention options
                    issued in the 2015 financial year which had no performance hurdles. Options issued to executives during the year ended
                    30 June 2016 have an EPS growth performance hurdle of between 4% and 8%.
                    The following reconciles the outstanding share options granted under the Group's share option plans at the beginning
                    and end of the financial year:
                                                                                                  Exercised/                 Vested and
                                                                          Balance at Granted         lapsed      Balance exercisable
                                                                            start of    during       during     at end of      at end of
                                                                           the year    the year     the year     the year      the year
                                                                           Number      Number       Number       Number        Number

                    2016
                    Outstanding Share Options with an exercise price       1,594,547            -   (861,658)   732,889                   -
                    Outstanding Zero Exercise Price Options                  809,071      359,358   (274,943)   893,486                   -
                                                                           2,403,618      359,358 (1,136,601) 1,626,375                   -

                        Weighted average exercise price of those with an
                        exercise price                                         $15.05             -      $15.40       $14.65               -




                                                                                85
                                                                                                                              JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                             Notes to the financial statements


                    25 Share-based payments (continued)

                    (a) Group share option plans (continued)
                                                                                                       Exercised/                 Vested and
                                                                            Balance at     Granted       lapsed       Balance     exercisable




For personal use only
                                                                              start of      during       during       at end of    at end of
                                                                             the year      the year     the year      the year     the year
                                                                             Number        Number       Number        Number        Number
                    2015
                    Outstanding Share Options with an exercise price          2,099,952      280,467   (785,872) 1,594,547             132,944
                    Outstanding Zero Exercise Price Options                     693,263      360,296   (244,488)   809,071                   -
                                                                              2,793,215      640,763 (1,030,360) 2,403,618             132,944

                        Weighted average exercise price of those with an
                        exercise price                                           $14.72       $17.48        $15.03       $15.05         $18.48


                    The weighted average remaining contractual life of share options outstanding at the end of the period was 1,074 days
                    (2015: 954 days).

                    Fair value of options granted
                    Equity settled share based payments with employees are measured at the fair value of the equity instrument at grant
                    date. The weighted average fair value of options granted during the year ended 30 June 2016 was $17.57 (2015:
                    $10.09). The fair value at grant date is determined using a Black-Scholes option pricing model that takes into account the
                    exercise price, the term of the option, the expected exercise date based on prior years' experience, the share price at
                    grant date, the expected price volatility of the underlying share, the expected dividend yield and the risk-free interest rate.
                    The expected life used in the model has been adjusted, based on management’s best estimate, for the effects of
                    non-transferability, exercise restrictions and behavioural considerations.
                    The expected price volatility for options granted during the year ended 30 June 2016 is based on the daily closing share
                    price for the number of years preceding the issue of the series, that matches the years to vesting as all of these options
                    are expected to be exercised as soon as they vest.
                    Detailed share option disclosures for all options series granted and exercised during the year are provided in the
                    remuneration report on pages 25 to 47.

                    Share based payments expense
                    The fair value determined at the grant date of the equity-settled share based payments is expensed on a straight line
                    basis over the vesting period, based on the Group's estimate of shares that will eventually vest, with a corresponding
                    increase in equity.
                    At each reporting date the Group estimates the number of equity instruments expected to vest. The number of equity
                    instruments that are expected to vest is based on management's assessment of the likelihood of the vesting conditions
                    attached to the equity instruments being satisfied. The key vesting conditions that are assessed are earnings per share
                    targets and required service periods. The impact of any revision in the number of equity instruments that are expected to
                    vest is recognised as an adjustment to the share based payments expense with the corresponding adjustment to the
                    equity-settled benefits reserve in the reporting period that the revision is made.




                                                                                  86
                                                                                                                                  JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                                 Notes to the financial statements


                    26 Remuneration of auditors

                                                                                                                               Consolidated
                                                                                                                           2016           2015
                                                                                                                             $              $
                        Audit and other services




For personal use only
                           Audit and review of group financial statements                                                    333,000          323,500
                           Audit and review of subsidiary financial statements                                                29,800           29,000
                           IT services (i)                                                                                    58,216          511,507
                        Total remuneration for audit and other services                                                      421,016          864,007
                    (i) During the years ended 30 June 2015 and 30 June 2016, Deloitte was engaged by the Group to assist with the implementation of a
                    Customer Relationship Management tool for it's Commercial division.

                    The auditor of the Group is Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu.


                    27 Summary of other significant accounting policies

                    The remaining principal accounting policies adopted in the preparation of these financial statements that have not
                    already been disclosed are set out below. These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented,
                    unless otherwise stated.
                    (a) Revenue recognition
                    Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable. Amounts disclosed as revenue are net
                    of returns, trade allowances, rebates and amounts collected on behalf of third parties.
                    The Group recognises revenue when the amount of revenue can be reliably measured, it is probable that future
                    economic benefits will flow to the entity and specific criteria have been met for each of the Group's activities as described
                    below. The Group bases its estimates on historical results, taking into consideration the type of customer, the type of
                    transaction and the specifics of each arrangement.
                    Revenue is recognised for the major business activities as follows:
                    (i)    Sale of goods
                    Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised when the Group has transferred to the buyer the significant risks and
                    rewards of ownership of the goods. Risks and rewards are considered passed to the buyer at the point of sale if the
                    goods are taken by the customer at that time, or on delivery of the goods to the customer.
                    (ii) Commissions
                    When the Group acts in the capacity of an agent rather than as the principal in a transaction, the revenue recognised is
                    the net amount of commission made by the Group.
                    (iii) Rendering of services
                    Revenue from a contract to provide services is recognised by reference to the stage of completion of the contract.
                    Revenue from time and material contracts is recognised at the contractual rates as labour hours are delivered and direct
                    expenses are incurred.
                    (b) Derivatives and hedging activities
                    Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value on the date a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently
                    remeasured to their fair value at the end of each reporting period. The accounting for subsequent changes in fair value
                    depends on whether the derivative is designated as a hedging instrument, and if so, the nature of the item being hedged.
                    The Group designates certain derivatives as either:
                    • hedges of a particular risk associated with the cash flows of recognised assets and liabilities and highly probable
                        forecast transactions (cash flow hedges); or
                    • hedges of a net investment in a foreign operation (net investment hedges).




                                                                                    87
                                                                                                                             JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                            Notes to the financial statements


                    27 Summary of other significant accounting policies (continued)

                    (b) Derivatives and hedging activities (continued)

                    The Group documents at the inception of the hedging transaction the relationship between hedging instruments and
                    hedged items, as well as its risk management objective and strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions. The




For personal use only
                    Group also documents its assessment, both at hedge inception and on an ongoing basis, of whether the derivatives that
                    are used in hedging transactions have been and will continue to be highly effective in offsetting changes in fair values or
                    cash flows of hedged items.
                    The fair values of various derivative financial instruments used for hedging purposes are disclosed in note 18.
                    Movements in the hedging reserve in shareholder's equity are shown in the statement of changes in equity.
                    (i)   Cash flow hedge
                    The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges is
                    recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in reserves in equity. The gain or loss relating to the
                    ineffective portion is recognised immediately in profit or loss within other income or other expenses.
                    Amounts accumulated in equity are reclassified to profit or loss in the periods when the hedged item affects profit or loss.
                    The gain or loss relating to the effective portion of interest rate swaps hedging variable rate borrowings is recognised in
                    profit or loss within 'finance costs'.
                    When a hedging instrument expires or is sold or terminated, or when a hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge
                    accounting, any cumulative gain or loss existing in equity at that time remains in equity and is recognised when the
                    forecast transaction is ultimately recognised in profit or loss. When a forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur,
                    the cumulative gain or loss that was reported in equity is immediately reclassified to profit or loss.
                    (ii) Net investment hedges
                    Hedges of net investments in foreign operations are accounted for similarly to cash flow hedges.
                    Any gain or loss on the hedging instrument relating to the effective portion of the hedge is recognised in other
                    comprehensive income and accumulated in reserves in equity. The gain or loss relating to the ineffective portion is
                    recognised immediately in profit or loss within other income or other expenses.
                    Gains and losses accumulated in equity are reclassified to profit or loss when the foreign operation is partially disposed
                    of or sold.
                    (c) Foreign currency translation
                    (i)   Functional and presentation currency
                    Items included in the financial statements of each of the Company's entities are measured using the currency of the
                    primary economic environment in which the entity operates ('the functional currency'). The financial statements are
                    presented in Australian dollars, which is JB Hi-Fi Limited's functional and presentation currency.
                    (ii) Transactions and balances
                    Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates
                    of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the
                    translation at year end exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are
                    recognised in profit or loss, except when they are deferred in equity as qualifying cash flow hedges and qualifying net
                    investment hedges, or are attributable to part of the net investment in a foreign operation.




                                                                                 88
                                                                                                                               JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                              Notes to the financial statements


                    27 Summary of other significant accounting policies (continued)

                    (c) Foreign currency translation (continued)
                    (iii) Group companies
                    The results and financial position of foreign operations (none of which has the currency of a hyperinflationary economy)




For personal use only
                    that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency are translated into the presentation currency as
                    follows:
                    • assets and liabilities presented are translated at the closing rate at the date of that balance sheet;
                    • income and expenses are translated at average exchange rates (unless this is not a reasonable approximation of the
                         cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated
                         at the dates of the transactions); and
                    • all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.
                    On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of any net investment in foreign entities, and of
                    borrowings and other financial instruments designated as hedges of such investments, are recognised in other
                    comprehensive income. When a foreign operation is sold or any borrowings forming part of the net investment are
                    repaid, the associated exchange differences are reclassified to profit or loss, as part of the gain or loss on sale.
                    Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation are treated as assets and liabilities
                    of the foreign operation and translated at the closing rate.
                    (d) Goods and Services Tax (GST)
                    Revenues, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of associated GST, unless the GST incurred is not
                    recoverable from the taxation authority. In this case it is recognised as part of the cost of acquisition of the asset or as
                    part of the expense.
                    Receivables and payables are stated inclusive of the amount of GST receivable or payable. The net amount of GST
                    recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority is included with other receivables or payables in the balance
                    sheet.
                    Cash flows are presented on a gross basis. The GST components of cash flows arising from investing or financing
                    activities which are recoverable from, or payable, to the taxation authority, are presented as operating cash flows.
                    (e) New accounting standards and interpretations
                    In the current year, the Group has adopted the one amendment to accounting Standards issued by the Australian
                    Accounting Standards Board (the AASB) that is relevant to its operations and effective for the current annual reporting
                    period:
                    (i)   AASB 2015-3 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards arising from the Withdrawal of AASB 1031
                          Materiality
                    The adoption of this amendment did not have any material financial impact on the amounts recognised and the
                    disclosures presented in the financial statements of the Group.
                    At the date of authorisation of the financial report, the following relevant Standards and Interpretations were issued but
                    not yet effective:
                    The effects of the following Standard are still being determined:
                    (i)   AASB 16 Leases (effective 1 January 2019)
                    For lessees AASB 16 requires the majority of leases of an entity to be brought onto the balance sheet, with limited
                    exceptions relating to short-term leases and low value assets which may remain off-balance sheet.
                    The calculation of the lease liability will take into account appropriate discount rates, assumptions about lease terms and
                    increases in lease payments. A corresponding right of use asset will be recognised which will be amortised over the term
                    of the lease.
                    For those leases that are brought onto the balance sheet, rent expense will no longer be shown. Instead, the profit and
                    loss impact of these leases will be recorded as amortisation and interest charges.
                    The Group is yet to undertake a detailed assessment of the impact of AASB 16, however, based on the Group's
                    preliminary assessment, the standard is expected to have a material impact on the financial statements when it is first
                    adopted for the year ending 30 June 2020.




                                                                                  89
                                                                                                                              JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                             Notes to the financial statements


                    27 Summary of other significant accounting policies (continued)

                    (e) New accounting standards and interpretations (continued)
                    The effects of the followings Standards and Interpretations are not expected to be material:
                    (ii) AASB 9 Financial Instruments, and the relevant amending standards (effective 1 January 2018)




For personal use only
                    (iii) AASB 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers, AASB 2014-5 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards
                          arising from AASB 15, AASB 2015-8 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards - Effective Date of AASB 15
                          (effective 1 January 2018)
                    (iv) AASB 2014-4 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards - Clarification of Acceptable Methods of
                         Depreciation and Amortisation (effective 1 January 2016)
                    (v) AASB 2015-1 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards - Annual Improvements to Australian Accounting
                        Standards 2012-2014 Cycle (effective 1 January 2016)
                    (vi) AASB 2015-2 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards - Disclosure Initiative: Amendments to AASB 101
                         (effective 1 January 2016)
                    (vii) AASB 2016-1 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards - Recognition of Deferred Tax Assets for Unrealised
                          Losses (effective 1 January 2017)
                    (viii)AASB 2016-2 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards - Disclosure Initiative: Amendments to AASB 107
                          (effective 1 January 2017)
                    (ix) AASB 2016-3 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards - Clarifications to AASB 15 (effective 1 January
                         2018)
                    (x) AASB 2016-5 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards - Classification and Measurement of Share-based
                        Payment Transactions (effective 1 January 2018)

                    28 Events occurring after the reporting period

                    On 15 August 2016, the Company announced that it would conduct an on-market buy-back in order to offset the
                    dilutionary impact of: (i) shares likely to be issued pursuant to the exercise of employee share options between the date
                    of release of the Company’s FY2016 results and the end of the Company’s post-AGM “trading window” in November
                    2016; and (ii) shares that will be issued in August 2016 in satisfaction of Executives’ FY2016 deferred STI entitlements.
                    The maximum number of shares that will be purchased is 429,371 and the buy-back is scheduled to commence in
                    September 2016.
                    There have been no other matters or circumstances occurring subsequent to the end of the financial year end, that have
                    significantly affected, or may significantly affect, the operations of the Group, the results of those operations or the state
                    of affairs of the Group or economic entity in future financial years.




                                                                                  90
                                                                                                                          JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                               Additional securities exchange information


                    The shareholder information set out below was applicable as at 8 August 2016.
                    A. Distribution of equity securities
                    Analysis of numbers of equity security holders by size of holding:
                                                                                                             Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                               % Issued




For personal use only
                        Holding                                                             Total Holders         Units         Capital

                        1 - 1,000                                                                   14,655       5,614,199           5.67
                        1,001 - 5,000                                                                4,825      10,081,561          10.19
                        5,001 - 10,000                                                                 419       2,948,302           2.98
                        10,001 - 100,000                                                               225       5,202,380           5.26
                        100,001 and over                                                                32      75,100,867          75.90
                                                                                                    20,156      98,947,309         100.00


                    There were 220 holders of less than a marketable parcel of ordinary shares.

                    B. Equity security holders
                    Twenty largest quoted equity security holders

                    The names of the twenty largest holders of quoted equity securities are listed below:
                        Name                                                                                        Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                             % of issued
                                                                                                                Number held    shares

                        1. HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                              19,091,242         19.29
                        2. J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA LIMITED                                                  17,390,756         17.58
                        3. CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                          10,002,329         10.11
                        4. NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED                                                               8,517,262          8.61
                        5. BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <AGENCY LENDING DRP A/C>                                   6,136,497          6.20
                        6. BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD <DRP>                                                          3,752,515          3.79
                        7. CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED <COLONIAL FIRST STATE INV A/C>                            2,270,646          2.29
                        8. RBC INVESTOR SERVICES AUSTRALIA NOMINEES PTY LIMITED <BKCUST A/C>                         898,996          0.91
                        9. AMP LIFE LIMITED                                                                          775,746          0.78
                        10. UBS NOMINEES PTY LTD                                                                     742,527          0.75
                        11. BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <AGENCY LENDING COLLATERAL>                                 594,000          0.60
                        12. RBC INVESTOR SERVICES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED <VFA A/C>                                    536,718          0.54
                        13. HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED-GSCO ECA                                       532,936          0.54
                        14. HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED <NT-COMNWLTH SUPER
                        CORP A/C>                                                                                    489,447          0.49
                        15. SHAWVILLE PTY LTD                                                                        450,000          0.45
                        16. BOND STREET CUSTODIANS LIMITED <COCKEJ - F01832 A/C>                                     311,190          0.31
                        17. NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED <N A/C>                                                        303,586          0.31
                        18. HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED - A/C 2                                        252,210          0.25
                        19. NAVIGATOR AUSTRALIA LTD <SMA JB WERE INCOME A/C>                                         231,093          0.23
                        20. 3RD WAVE INVESTORS LTD                                                                   225,000          0.23
                                                                                                                  73,504,696         74.26




                                                                                91
                                                                                                                          JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                               Additional securities exchange information



                    C. Substantial holders
                    Substantial holders in the Company are set out below:
                                                                                                                Number       Voting Power
                                                                                                                 held             %




For personal use only
                    Ordinary shares
                    Legg Mason Asset Management Australia Limited                                                6,021,424            6.09
                    Vinva Investment Management                                                                  5,043,447            5.10
                    UniSuper                                                                                     4,997,774            5.05


                    D. Unquoted equity securities
                                                                                                               Number          Number
                                                                                                               on issue       of holders

                        Employee share options issued under the Company's share option plans                     1,626,375           105




                                                                               92
                                                                                                                                    JB Hi-Fi Limited
                                                                                                                               Corporate information
                    ABN 80 093 220 136
                    Company secretary                   Doug Smith

                    Share registry                                                      Principal registered office in Australia
                    Computershare Investor Services Pty Limited                         Level 4, Office Tower 2,
                    Yarra Falls, 452 Johnston Street                                    Chadstone Place, Chadstone Shopping Centre
                    Abbotsford, Victoria, 3067, Australia                               1341 Dandenong Road, Chadstone VIC 3148




For personal use only
                    Phone: 1300 302 417 (Australia) or +61 3 9415 4136                  Phone: +61 3 8530 7333
                    Store Locations (i)
                    Australia
                    VIC                               NSW                               QLD                           WA
                    Airport West                      Albury                            Brisbane City (Adelaide St)   Armadale
                    Altona                            Artarmon                          Brisbane City (Albert St)     Belmont Forum
                    Ballarat                          Bankstown                         Brisbane City (Queen St)      Booragoon
                    Barkly Square                     Belrose                           Browns Plains                 Bunbury
                    Bendigo                           Blacktown                         Bundaberg                     Cannington
                    Brighton                          Bondi                             Bundall - Gold Coast          Carousel
                    Broadmeadows                      Broadway                          Cairns                        Claremont
                    Camberwell                        Caringbah                         Cairns Stockland              Cockburn
                    Chadstone                         Castle Hill                       Capalaba                      Joondalup
                    Chirnside                         Castle Towers                     Carindale                     Lakeside Joondalup
                    Craigieburn                       Charlestown                       Carseldine                    Malaga
                    Cranbourne                        Chatswood                         Chermside                     Mandurah
                    Cranbourne Park                   Chatswood Chase                   Garden City (Westfield)       Midland Central
                    Dandenong                         Coffs Harbour                     Harbour Town                  Myaree
                    Doncaster                         Eastgardens                       Harvey Bay                    Ocean Keys
                    Epping Plaza                      Erina                             Helensvale                    Osborne Park
                    Essendon                          Glendale                          Indooroopilly                 Perth City (enex 100)
                    Forest Hill                       Homebush                          Indooroopilly (Shopping       Perth City (Hay Street Mall)
                    Fountain Gate                     Hornsby                           Centre)                       Perth City (Piccadilly
                    Frankston                         Hurstville                        Ipswich                       Arcade)
                    Frankston - Bayside               Jamisontown                       Kawana                        Rockingham
                    Geelong                           Kotara                            Kedron                        Whitford
                    Glen Waverley (The Glen)          Leichhardt                        Loganholme
                    Greensborough                     Liverpool                         Mackay                        TAS
                    Highpoint                         Macarthur Square                  Maroochydore                  Hobart
                    Holmesglen                        Macquarie                         Morayfield                    Launceston
                    Hoppers Crossing                  Merrylands                        Mt Ommaney                    Rosny Park
                    Knox                              Miranda                           Orion Springfield Central
                    Maribyrnong                       Moore Park                        Oxley                         NT
                    Melb City (Bourke St)             Mt Druitt                         Pacific Fair                  Berrimah
                    Melb City (Elizabeth St,          Newcastle                         Robina - Gold Coast           Casuarina
                    Lonsdale St, Elizabeth St         North Sydney                      Rockhampton
                    Cameras)                          Parramatta                        Strathpine                    ACT
                    Melton                            Parramatta Centre                 Toowoomba                     Belconnen
                    Mildura                           Penrith                           Townsville                    Canberra City
                    Narre Warren                      Port Macquarie                    Townsville Willows            Fyshwick
                    Nunawading                        Roselands                                                       Tuggeranong
                    Pakenham                          Rouse Hill                        SA                            Woden
                    Plenty Valley                     Shellharbour                      Adelaide City
                    Prahran                           Sydney Airport                    Colonnades                    New Zealand
                    Preston                           Sydney City (Galeries Victoria)   Elizabeth                     Albany
                    Preston - Northland               Sydney City (Pitt St Mall)        Gepps Cross                   Auckland (Queens St)
                    Ringwood                          Sydney City (World Square)        Marion                        Bayfair
                    Shepparton                        Sydney City (Westfield)           Melrose Park                  Botany
                    South Wharf                       Tamworth                          Modbury                       Dunedin
                    Southland                         Top Ryde                          Munno Parra                   Hamilton
                    Springvale                        Tweed City                        West Lakes                    Manukau
                    Sunshine                          Tuggerah                                                        New Lynn
                    Thomastown                        Wagga Wagga                                                     Palmerston North
                    Traralgon                         Warringah Mall                                                  Queensgate Lower Hutt
                    Watergardens                      Warrawong                                                       St Lukes
                    Waurn Ponds                       Wetherill Park                                                  Sylvia Park
                    Werribee                          Wollongong                                                      Wairau Park
                                                                                                                      Wellington
                                                                                                                      Westgate

                    (i) Current as at 30 June 2016.




                                                                                        93
