Annual Information Form

Sun Life Financial Inc.
For the Year Ended December 31, 2022



February 8, 2023
                                                                                                                        Annual Information Form 2022


Table of Contents

                                                                                                             Management's              Consolidated
                                                                                 Annual Information           Discussion &         Financial Statements
                                                                                       Form                    Analysis(1)             and Notes(1)
 Corporate Structure                                                                       3
 Development of the Business                                                               3                    Section B
 Business of Sun Life                                                                      5                    Section B
 Financial Performance                                                                                          Section C               Notes 8 – 12
 Investments                                                                                                    Section H                 Note 5
 Risk Management                                                                                                Section J                 Note 6
 Capital Structure                                                                         8                    Section I                 Note 15
 Dividends                                                                                 12                   Section I                 Note 15
 Security Ratings                                                                          12                   Section F
 Transfer Agents and Registrar                                                             15
 Directors and Executive Officers                                                          16
 Code of Conduct                                                                           20
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services                                                    20
 Interests of Experts                                                                      21
 Regulatory Matters                                                                        21                   Section B
 Risk Factors                                                                              35
 Legal and Regulatory Proceedings                                                          53
 Additional Information                                                                    53
 Appendix A - Charter of the Audit Committee                                               54




(1)
      As indicated, parts of the Company’s MD&A, consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes for the year ended December 31, 2022 are
      incorporated by reference in this AIF. The 2022 MD&A (as defined below) and the 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements (as defined below) may be
      accessed at www.sedar.com and www.sec.gov, respectively.


Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                                    1
                                                                                                             Annual Information Form 2022


The following defined terms are used in this document.
Abbreviation           Description                                        Abbreviation     Description

AIF                    Annual Information Form                            OSFI             Office of the Superintendent of Financial
                                                                                           Institutions, Canada
                                                                                           United States Securities and Exchange
Board                  The Board of Directors of SLF Inc.                 SEC              Commission
                                                                          Sun Life
IFRS                   International Financial Reporting Standards                         Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada
                                                                          Assurance
LICAT                  Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test               SLF Inc.       Sun Life Financial Inc.
                                                                          Superintendent The Superintendent under the Office of the
MD&A                   Management's Discussion & Analysis                                Superintendent of Financial Institutions Act
NAIC                   National Association of Insurance Commissioners,
                       United States


Presentation of Information
In this AIF, SLF Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries are collectively referred to as "Sun Life", the "Company", "we", "us" or "our" and
also includes, where applicable, our joint ventures and associates.

Unless otherwise indicated, all information in this AIF is presented as at and for the year ended December 31, 2022, and amounts
are expressed in Canadian dollars. Financial information is presented in accordance with IFRS and the accounting requirements of
OSFI.

Documents Incorporated by Reference
The following documents are incorporated by reference in and form part of this AIF:
(i) SLF Inc.'s MD&A for the year ended December 31, 2022 (our "2022 MD&A"), and
(ii) SLF Inc.'s Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes for the year ended December 31, 2022 (our "2022
     Consolidated Financial Statements").

These documents have been filed with securities regulators in Canada and with the SEC and may be accessed at www.sedar.com and
www.sec.gov, respectively.

Forward-looking Statements
From time to time, the Company makes written or oral forward-looking statements within the meaning of certain securities laws,
including the "safe harbour" provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and applicable Canadian
securities legislation. Certain statements in this AIF and the documents incorporated by reference herein including, (i) statements
relating to our strategies, (ii) statements that are predictive in nature, (iii) statements that depend upon or refer to future events or
conditions, and (iv) statements that include words such as "achieve", "aim", "ambition", "anticipate", "aspiration", "assumption",
"believe", "continue", "could", "estimate", "expect", "goal", "initiatives", "intend", "may", "objective", "outlook", "plan", "potential",
"project", "seek", "should", "strategy", "strive", "target", "will" and similar expressions are forward-looking statements. Forward-
looking statements include information concerning our possible or assumed future results of operations. These statements
represent our current expectations, estimates and projections regarding future events and are not historical facts, and remain
subject to change, particularly in light of the ongoing and developing COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on the global economy and
its uncertain impact on our business. Forward-looking statements are not a guarantee of future performance and involve risks and
uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Future results and shareholder value may differ materially from those expressed in these
forward-looking statements due to, among other factors, the matters set out in this AIF under the heading Risk Factors and in our
annual MD&A under the heading Forward-Looking Statements, and the factors detailed in our annual and interim financial
statements and other filings with Canadian and U.S. securities regulators, which are available for review at www.sedar.com and
www.sec.gov, respectively.

Important risk factors that could cause our assumptions and estimates, and expectations and projections to be inaccurate and our
actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in this
document, are set out below. The realization of our forward-looking statements, essentially depends on our business performance
which, in turn, is subject to many risks. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations include, but are
not limited to: market risks - related to the performance of equity markets; changes or volatility in interest rates or credit spreads or
swap spreads; real estate investments; fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; and inflation; insurance risks - related to
policyholder behaviour; mortality experience, morbidity experience and longevity; product design and pricing; the impact of higher-
than-expected future expenses; and the availability, cost and effectiveness of reinsurance; credit risks - related to issuers of
securities held in our investment portfolio, debtors, structured securities, reinsurers, counterparties, other financial institutions and
other entities; business and strategic risks - related to global economic and political conditions; the design and implementation of
business strategies; changes in distribution channels or Client behaviour including risks relating to market conduct by intermediaries


Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                   2
                                                                                                          Annual Information Form 2022


and agents; the impact of competition; the performance of our investments and investment portfolios managed for Clients such as
segregated and mutual funds; shifts in investing trends and Client preference towards products that differ from our investment
products and strategies; changes in the legal or regulatory environment, including capital requirements and tax laws; the
environment, environmental laws and regulations; operational risks - related to breaches or failure of information system security
and privacy, including cyber-attacks; our ability to attract and retain employees; legal, regulatory compliance and market conduct,
including the impact of regulatory inquiries and investigations; the execution and integration of mergers, acquisitions, strategic
investments and divestitures; our information technology infrastructure; a failure of information systems and Internet-enabled
technology; dependence on third-party relationships, including outsourcing arrangements; business continuity; model errors;
information management; liquidity risks - the possibility that we will not be able to fund all cash outflow commitments as they fall
due; and other risks - COVID-19 matters, including its impact on the global economy, and its impact on Sun Life's business, financial
condition and or results; risks associated with IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts and IFRS 9 Financial Instruments; our international
operations, including our joint ventures; market conditions that affect our capital position or ability to raise capital; downgrades in
financial strength or credit ratings; and tax matters, including estimates and judgments used in calculating taxes.

The Company does not undertake any obligation to update or revise its forward-looking statements to reflect events or
circumstances after the date of this document or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law.


Corporate Structure
SLF Inc. was incorporated under the Insurance Companies Act, Canada (the "Insurance Act") on August 5, 1999, to become the
holding company of Sun Life Assurance in connection with the demutualization of Sun Life Assurance.

Sun Life Assurance was incorporated in 1865 as a stock insurance company and was converted into a mutual insurance company in
1962. On March 22, 2000, Sun Life Assurance implemented a plan of demutualization under which it converted back to a stock
company pursuant to Letters Patent of Conversion issued under the Insurance Act. Under this plan of demutualization, Sun Life
Assurance became a wholly-owned subsidiary of SLF Inc.

The head and registered office of SLF Inc. is located at 1 York Street, Toronto, Ontario, M5J 0B6.

SLF Inc. conducts its business worldwide through direct and indirect operating subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates. SLF Inc.’s
principal subsidiaries are included in the subsidiaries listed in SLF Inc.’s annual report and that list of subsidiaries is incorporated
herein by reference. That list includes the percentage of voting shares owned by SLF Inc., directly or indirectly, and where those
companies are incorporated, continued, formed or organized. SLF Inc.’s current annual report is accessible on www.sedar.com,
www.sec.gov and www.sunlife.com.

We manage our operations and report our financial results in five business segments: Canada, United States ("U.S."), Asset
Management, Asia and Corporate.


Development of the Business
Sun Life is a leading international financial services organization providing insurance, health, wealth and asset management solutions
to individual and corporate Clients. Sun Life has operations in a number of markets worldwide, including Canada, the United States,
the United Kingdom ("UK"), Ireland, Hong Kong, the Philippines, Japan, Indonesia, India, China, Australia, Singapore, Vietnam,
Malaysia and Bermuda. As of December 31, 2022, Sun Life had total assets under management of $1.33 trillion.


Three Year History: Acquisitions, Disposals, and Other Developments
We assess our businesses and corporate strategies on an ongoing basis to ensure that we make optimal use of our capital and
maximize shareholder value. The following summary outlines our major acquisitions, dispositions and other developments over the
past three years across our business segments. Additional information is provided in Note 3 to SLF Inc.'s 2022 Consolidated Financial
Statements.

Kevin Strain was appointed as President and a member of the Board, effective February 15, 2021, and upon the retirement of Dean
Connor on August 6, 2021, was appointed as the Chief Executive Officer. On March 29, 2021, Manjit Singh was appointed as
Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer. William Anderson retired as Chair and from the Board of Directors following the
2022 Annual Meeting and was succeeded as Chair by Scott Powers following his re-election as a director at that meeting.

In early 2020, the world was impacted by COVID-19, which was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization. The overall
impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is still uncertain and dependent on the progression of the virus and on actions taken by
governments and individuals, which could vary by country and result in differing outcomes. Given the extent of the circumstances, it
is difficult to reliably measure or predict the potential impact of this uncertainty on our future financial results. Additional



Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                      3
                                                                                                        Annual Information Form 2022


information can be found in our 2022 MD&A under the heading "COVID-19 Pandemic Considerations", which section is incorporated
by reference herein.

Canada
On February 1, 2023, we completed the sale of our sponsored markets business from Sun Life Assurance to Canadian Premier Life
Insurance Company. For additional information, refer to Note 3 of our 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements.

On December 1, 2021, we increased our investment in Dialogue Health Technologies Inc. ("Dialogue"), a Canadian telemedicine
provider supporting Sun Life Health and Lumino Health Virtual Care.

In 2020, we made strategic investments in connection with commercial collaborations, including with Dialogue, and with
GoRendezvous, an online booking software company that allows Clients to connect with paramedical service providers digitally and
schedule appointments.

U.S.
On June 1, 2022, we completed the acquisition of DentaQuest Group, Inc. ("DentaQuest"), the second-largest dental benefits
provider in the U.S. by membership. The acquisition advances our strategy of being a leader in health and benefits in the U.S. while
contributing to fee-based earnings and businesses which generate higher return on equity ("ROE"). For additional information, refer
to Note 3 of our 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements.

On July 1, 2021, we completed the acquisition of Pinnacle Care International, Inc., a U.S. health-care navigation and medical
intelligence provider. For additional information, refer to Note 3 of our 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements.

Asset Management
On February 1, 2023, we completed the acquisition of a majority stake in Advisors Asset Management, Inc. ("AAM"), a leading
independent retail distribution firm in the U.S. AAM provides access to U.S. retail distribution for SLC Management, and will allow
SLC Management to meet the growing demand for alternative assets among U.S. high-net-worth investors. For additional
information, refer to Note 3 of our 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements.

On January 5, 2021, we completed the acquisition of a majority stake in Crescent Capital Group LP ("Crescent"), a global alternative
credit investment manager, forming the alternative credit investing business of SLC Management. For additional information, refer
to Note 3 of our 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements.

On July 1, 2020, we acquired 80% of InfraRed Capital Partners ("InfraRed"), a UK-based global infrastructure and real estate
investment manager, as well as the ability to acquire the remaining interest in the future. For additional information, refer to Note 3
of our 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements.

Asia
On January 20, 2023, we announced a 15-year exclusive bancassurance partnership in Hong Kong with Dah Sing Bank ("Dah Sing").
Under this partnership, Sun Life will be the exclusive provider of life insurance solutions to Dah Sing's 570,000 retail banking
customers, helping to fulfill their savings and protection needs at different life stages. Following the completion of regulatory
processes and approvals, distribution of Sun Life products is anticipated to start in July 2023. For additional information, refer to
Note 28 of our 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements.

On April 5, 2022, we announced a deepening of our bancassurance partnership between PT Sun Life Financial Indonesia ("Sun Life
Indonesia"), a subsidiary of SLF Inc., and PT Bank CIMB Niaga Tbk ("CIMB Niaga"). The new agreement makes Sun Life Indonesia the
provider of insurance solutions to CIMB Niaga customers through all distribution channels for a term of 15 years starting in January
2025 and extends the term of our existing relationship by six years to 2039. For additional information, refer to Note 3 of our 2022
Consolidated Financial Statements.

In October 2021, we reduced our stake in our India asset management joint venture, Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited, from 49% to
36.5% through an initial public offering.

Effective January 1, 2021, we launched an exclusive 15-year bancassurance partnership with Asia Commercial Joint Stock Bank for
the exclusive distribution of life insurance products of Sun Life Vietnam Insurance Company Limited ("Sun Life Vietnam").

In February 2020, we sold our ownership interest in Crescent Asia Limited, the holding company of Global Online Financial Solutions
Limited, which operates TIMO, Vietnam's first digital bank. The previously disclosed arrangement with TIMO to offer life and health
insurance products of Sun Life Vietnam to TIMO's membership base is still in effect.



Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                   4
                                                                                                        Annual Information Form 2022


In January 2020, we combined our International business and Hong Kong business into a new management structure called
"International Hubs", to leverage the High Net Worth opportunities in Asia and offer our Clients and distribution partners best-in-
class product and service offerings across all geographies. "Local Markets" is comprised of the Philippines, Indonesia, India, China,
Malaysia and Vietnam. "International Hubs" is comprised of International, Hong Kong and Singapore.

UK
On August 4, 2022, we entered into an agreement to sell SLF of Canada UK Limited ("Sun Life UK") to Phoenix Group Holdings plc
("Phoenix Group"). We will retain our economic interest in Sun Life UK's payout annuities business. As part of the sale, we will
establish a long-term partnership to become a strategic asset management partner to Phoenix Group. For additional information,
refer to Note 3 of our 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements.


Business of Sun Life
Information about our business and operating segments, our strategy, products and methods of distribution, risk management
policies and investment activities is included in the 2022 MD&A, which is incorporated by reference in this AIF.

The global financial services industry continues to evolve in response to demographic, economic, and technological trends. Specific
trends that have an impact on our businesses include:

Demographic
      •     Major demographic shifts in developed markets include the aging of baby boomers and the growth of millennials as a client
            segment. Aging baby boomers are generating greater demand for retirement solutions and health solutions as they retire,
            while millennials seek holistic financial advice and solutions, including protection and wealth accumulation products in
            preparation for major life events.
      •     The number of High Net Worth Individuals ("HNWI") and their pool of wealth continues to expand. Within this segment,
            Asia has witnessed the fastest growth, surpassing North America as the region with the largest share of wealth held by
            HNWI. Opportunities exist for financial service providers as HNWI seek solutions that enable them to optimally transfer
            wealth to future generations. HNWI are also increasingly allocating more assets to alternatives in order to generate yield,
            increase total returns, and enhance diversification. Alternative asset managers are evolving their product and distribution
            capabilities to serve this heightened demand.
      •     Growing prosperity in Asia is resulting in the rise of the young middle class in many Asian countries, although the pace of
            growth has slowed due to economic disruption caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. Growth of the middle class is expected
            over the long-term and a larger middle class will increase demand for a wide variety of financial products, including
            insurance, savings and investment vehicles. Low financial literacy has also increased the importance of financial education
            and advice in this region. These markets have low penetration rates and are expected to grow much faster than
            industrialized countries. In certain Asian markets, such as Hong Kong and China, the aging population is creating a growing
            opportunity for retirement and health solutions.
      •     Consumers are more proactively managing both physical and mental health and wellness, leading to an increased demand
            for accessible and affordable solutions across their health journey. Additionally, the COVID-19 pandemic continues to have
            a negative impact on the mental health and well-being of people around the world. This has led to increased demand for
            tools and products to support mental health and well-being.
      •     Consumers have a heightened interest in sustainability. They are increasingly aligning their buying, investing, and
            employment decisions with companies that are leaders in sustainability. This has resulted in rising demand for sustainable
            investments and has influenced how companies invest as part of their investment strategy.
      •     Desire for greater transparency and focus on value for money spent on products and services, such as financial advice, has
            contributed to increased demand for low-cost asset management products, such as index funds.
      •     The trend of governments and employers downloading responsibility to individuals continues. This has created demand for
            protection, group benefits and group retirement solutions as individuals seek to fill the gaps. To help them make some of
            these decisions, consumers are seeking financial advice and assistance with financial planning.
      •     Changes in the nature of work and the continued rise of the gig economy, where work is temporary, contractual or project-
            based, has created an opportunity to provide solutions to workers who are left unsupported across key life needs (e.g.,
            savings, benefits, and protection).
      •     The COVID-19 pandemic has led to shifting workforce expectations and business needs that are altering the balance of
            power between employees and employers. Employees are demanding more holistic offerings including a hybrid and
            flexible way of working, and an emphasis on health and well-being, values, purpose, and culture. Companies will have to
            offer a unique value proposition to win and retain top talent.




Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                   5
                                                                                                           Annual Information Form 2022


Economic
      •     Macroeconomic conditions continue to be challenging as global inflation is exacerbated by an uncertain geopolitical climate
            and labour market and supply chain disruptions. Higher inflation and interest rates are leading to dampened spending and
            economic growth, overall market contraction, and increasing the risk of a moderate recession in 2023.
      •     We are aware that there will be long-term effects from the fiscal and monetary support governments enacted during the
            COVID-19 pandemic and in response to rising geopolitical conflict. This may include elevated government debt to GDP
            ratios, prolonged periods of higher interest rates, potential for sustained inflation/stagflation and possible tax adjustments.
            We are monitoring the situation continuously and are ready to take actions as needed to minimize impact.
      •     Rising inflation and interest rates will have meaningful implications on how businesses operate and perform. Higher
            inflation will reduce buyer purchasing power, potentially reducing the demand for insurance, while also increasing
            controllable expenses impacting business profitability. Higher interest rates should generally lead to improvements in
            investment income for many financial institutions in the longer term, but may reduce available capital for some
            institutions.
      •     Rising inflation and interest rates are leading to changing investor sentiment and strategies. Many investors are looking
            towards traditional fixed income products given rising yields, and others are seeking inflationary protection through
            inflation-hedged investments or alternatives.
      •     Equity market volatility, which can be attributed to several factors such as economic growth, higher inflation, and interest
            rates changes, can lead to impacts on net flows and assets under management for asset management and wealth
            businesses. Generally, when global equity markets decline, asset management and wealth businesses also experience
            declines in earnings.
      •     Businesses have accelerated the use of digital technology to allow for remote and hybrid work. Companies may rely more
            heavily on these digital tools and shift more of their workforce to remote work. This, in turn, may have an impact on the
            commercial real estate market.

Technological
      •     Digital adoption continues to grow rapidly as consumers spend an increasing amount of time online for everyday needs
            (e.g., social, shopping, and banking). An increase in mobile usage is an especially important part of this shift. The COVID-19
            pandemic has also accelerated this shift to digital in many industries, including financial services. Omni-channel capabilities
            are important to create a consistent Client experience across channels and to serve Clients in their channel of choice.
      •     The trend of increasing personalization using data and analytics is allowing companies to create a frictionless digital user
            experience as they are able to better engage with Clients and meet their needs.
      •     Consumers continue to transfer expectations from technology companies to financial services. A seamless digital
            experience and personalization of advice and services is increasingly important in creating better experiences and
            outcomes for Clients.
      •     Consumers are becoming more concerned about the protection and use of their data in an environment of increasing
            collection and data use, and data breaches. Meeting those Client concerns and expectations will be key to maintaining their
            trust.
      •     The COVID-19 pandemic has also accelerated the adoption of digital health technologies, including telehealth and virtual
            care, as well as the shift towards hybrid, flexible working models, that are heavily reliant on technology to replicate the "in-
            office experience".
      •     A desire for a more transparent and accessible financial services experience has led to the rise of digital currencies, smart
            contracts, and decentralized finance ("DeFi"). Central Banks and financial institutions are exploring the use of digital
            currencies which may lead to disruption of the traditional banking sector. Increased demand for DeFi may increase
            competition from new/existing players, offering more accessible products through new distribution channels.

Competition
The markets in which Sun Life participates are highly competitive. We compete against other insurance companies, banks, asset
managers, mutual fund companies, financial planners, managed care companies, and other financial services and benefits providers.
Frequently, competition is based on factors including price, the ability to provide value-added products and services, financial
strength and consistent delivery of an excellent experience to distributors and Clients through both traditional and more innovative
digital channels.

Evolving regulatory requirements, economic volatility, and the evolution of Client needs and requirements continue to be challenges
for our industry and have forced insurers and financial services providers to review their businesses, re-focus their operations and, in
some cases, discontinue or divest non-core lines of business, as well as acquire businesses with higher growth potential.

We face increased competition from new market entrants, including non-traditional service providers such as insurtech, healthtech
and fintech companies. The acceleration of digital brought by the COVID-19 pandemic led to an increase in this trend, and a further
rise of new market entrants with disruptive digital business models. In addition, incumbents are increasingly partnering with start-
ups to compete in new and innovative ways. Both of these trends could challenge existing insurance, health, asset management and


Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                    6
                                                                                                          Annual Information Form 2022


wealth management business models. Furthermore, certain large technology companies have selectively entered the financial
services and health care markets by leveraging their large customer base, strong user experience capabilities, deep pools of data and
digital ecosystems offering interconnected services. In response to these trends, Sun Life continues to explore new business models
and seek strategic partnerships that will drive our businesses forward.

In Canada, open banking is emerging as a potential disruptor for banks and other financial institutions. Under open banking, clients
of banks, fintechs or other financial institutions would be able to ask for their personal data to be securely transferred or made
available to an authorized third-party service provider, such as a fintech or another financial institution. The federal government’s
goal is to begin to implement an initial open banking framework by September 2023. We are continuing to monitor how this
development will affect the financial services landscape and Sun Life.

In addition to closely monitoring potential business disruptors, we also continuously adapt by making investments in technology and
advanced analytics, building digital services and tools, and through the extension of our product offerings. Below are some examples
of how we are adapting in these areas:
     • Digitizing current interactions and processes: Web and mobile functionality (e.g., e-Applications, e-claims); facilitating
          virtual interactions (e.g., video meetings, e-signatures); digital benefits enrollment in the U.S. and for small businesses in
          Canada; digitally enabled distribution (e.g., digitally empowered Advisors and Bancassurance in Asia, Direct to Consumer
          digital in Canada through Prospr).
     • Using data and analytics to be personal, predictive and proactive: Digital coach Ella in Canada; Maxwell Health, a digital
          benefits marketplace in the U.S.; predictive models for advisor recruiting and Client retention in Asia
     • Building new business models: Lumino Health, which allows all Canadians to access provider search and discover innovative
          health solutions; working with bancassurance partners in Asia to offer digital sales; further expanding our role in the health
          care ecosystem in the U.S. through the acquisition of PinnacleCare
     • Building a partnership ecosystem: Making strategic investments and collaborations (e.g., Dialogue, a leading virtual health
          care provider in Canada; Bowtie, Hong Kong's first online-only insurer); investing in technologies to connect with partners
          and drive global growth.

The markets in which we compete are diverse and at different stages of development:
    • In Canada, the financial services industry is relatively mature and the three largest life insurance companies serve more
        than two-thirds of the Canadian life insurance and group benefits markets. In the wealth space, we also face competition
        from Canadian retail banks and investment dealers and from emerging disruptors such as "robo-advisors".
    • In the United States, the largest insurance market in the world, the market is more fragmented and characterized by a large
        number of competitors. We face strong competition from established players in the group life and disability, dental, vision,
        stop-loss, and voluntary markets, all of which are markets with a number of competitors. In the turnkey disability market,
        there is one other primary competitor and competition is expected to remain stable.
    • In Asia, the life insurance markets in countries where we participate are still evolving. The growth potential for insurance in
        Asian markets has created strong competition from both domestic and international insurers. We are observing the larger
        pan-Asian insurers grow at the fastest rate, with consolidation occurring in many markets. Additionally, some of the Asian
        markets that we operate in have foreign ownership restrictions, which may place constraints on our ability to operate or
        grow in these markets. In the international High Net Worth ("HNW") life insurance market (which for Sun Life operates out
        of our Asia business group), competition is increasing from the main competitors who operate in this business.
    • In Asset Management, despite some consolidation, we face strong competition from a variety of players including large
        global asset managers, small local managers specializing in niche markets/products, multi-national and local banks as well
        as other insurance companies. In addition, there has been a trend among retail and institutional investors towards lower-
        cost passive investment products, including index and other types of exchange-traded funds, which has led to a decreased
        allocation of investor assets to active investment strategies. At the same time, there has been an increased demand for
        fixed-income, liability-driven investing and yield-oriented alternative products among institutional and HNW investors. To
        meet the increased demand for alternative assets, traditional asset managers are increasingly acquiring alternative assets,
        while alternative managers are deepening focus on the retail HNW market.

Seasonality
Some of our businesses are subject to seasonal factors. In Canada, sales of investment products spike during the first quarter of the
year due to a contribution deadline for Registered Retirement Savings Plans. Timing of sales campaigns also influences sales of
individual products in Canada and Asia. In the U.S., the sales pattern of our group life and health business largely reflects the renewal
timing of employee benefit plans of our corporate Clients, many of which begin on January 1 each year. This often results in higher
sales in the fourth quarter. In India, the sales of individual insurance products usually peak in the first quarter of each year due to tax
planning by Clients. Overall, the impact of seasonal trends is not material to Sun Life.




Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                   7
                                                                                                                        Annual Information Form 2022


Number of Employees
As at December 31, 2022, we had 29,169 full-time equivalent employees across our operations excluding joint ventures and
associates.
 Business Segment                                                                                                                     Employees(1)(2)
 Canada                                                                                                                                        7,445
 U.S.                                                                                                                                          6,420
 Asset Management                                                                                                                              4,362
 Asia                                                                                                                                          5,265
 Corporate(3)                                                                                                                                  5,678
(1)
      As at December 31, 2022, we had approximately 50,719 employees across our operations, including our Asia joint ventures.
(2)
      Excludes temporary staff.
(3)
      Corporate includes the operations of our UK business unit and enterprise services.


Sustainability Commitment
Our sustainability ambition is to maximize our positive impact on society and the environment over the long-term, while creating
value and competitive advantage for our business. Being Sustainability Driven is a cornerstone of our Client Impact strategy we
believe is essential to our long-term business success. Our Purpose is to help our Clients achieve lifetime financial security and live
healthier lives. Our commitment to sustainability brings our Purpose to life.

Building from a long-standing foundation as a trusted and responsible business, our sustainability plan focuses on the areas where
we have the greatest opportunity to drive positive impact on society while creating competitive advantage for Sun Life:
     • Increasing financial security,
     • Fostering healthier lives, and
     • Advancing sustainable investing.

Our sustainability commitment is guided by the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals ("SDGs"). We focus primarily on
supporting the five SDGs where we believe we can have the greatest impact. These are: #3 Good health & well-being, #5 Gender
equality, #7 Affordable and clean energy, #8 Decent work and economic growth and #13 Climate action.

We aspire to increase the lifetime financial security of our Clients, employees and communities. We’re advancing financial security
through innovative products and services, proactive education and improved access to and use of insurance and wealth products.
For example in Canada, we introduced Prospr by Sun Life, a hybrid advice solution combining a best-in-class digital platform with a
team of licensed advisors, to meet Canadians’ personalized and holistic financial planning needs. Prospr by Sun Life makes it easier
for Canadians to select, prioritize and track their goals all in one place. Recognizing that Canadians build families in different ways, in
2022, we launched a new Family Building Program as an optional benefit that will provide plan members with medical and non-
medical coverage for fertility treatments, surrogacy arrangements and adoption. These benefits help with the costs of alternative
ways of building families and can support employers’ commitments to a diverse workforce. In the U.S. we also launched Bill Resolve,
a medical cost advocacy and negotiation service to assist U.S. members in understanding the cost of their care, as well as negotiate
the cost of their medical services.

We aspire to improve health and wellness outcomes for all. We’re advancing this aspiration by offering Clients and employees
products, services and tools to help them live healthier lives. We positively impact health and wellness outcomes in society through
our focus on increasing access to health care and health and disability insurance. We also invest in community health and thought
leadership. In the U.S. in 2022, we partnered with AbleTo, a virtual behavioral health therapy and coaching program to offer
convenient mental health services to our U.S. disability and critical illness members with a cancer diagnosis. Medical outcomes can
be improved when people have opportunities to manage their mental wellness at the same time as their physical recovery. In
Canada, we launched Mental Health Bright Papers to share success stories of companies that implemented mental health strategies
to support employee well-being.

We aspire to deliver sustainable returns for Clients and drive the transition to a low-carbon, inclusive economy. To pursue our
aspiration, we manage capital with environmental, social and governance ("ESG") factors embedded in our investment process, offer
our Clients sustainable investing opportunities and invest assets to support a low-carbon and more inclusive economy. Sun Life built
on its position as a leader in sustainable investing in 2022. We made good progress towards our goal of an $20 billion in new
sustainable investments from 2021 to 2025 across General Account and Client investments, which are managed by SLC
Management. Investments include, but are not limited to, renewable energy, energy efficiency, sustainable buildings, clean
transportation, water management, and social infrastructure projects. We ended 2021 with $6.8 billion invested towards this target
and will report 2022 progress in our annual Sustainability Report, available at sunlife.com/sustainability in March 2023. BGO was
awarded the 2022 ENERGY STAR Partner of the Year – Sustained Excellence Award by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and
the U.S. Department of Energy ("DOE") for the 12th consecutive year, and Gold Recognition in the 2022 Green Lease Leaders



Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                              8
                                                                                                                      Annual Information Form 2022


program organized by the Institute for Market Transformation and the DOE's Better Buildings Alliance. In Hong Kong, we launched
Stellar, the first ESG-focused savings plan(1) in the market that actively integrates ESG concepts into investment strategies.

Consistent with our foundational commitment to operate as a trusted and responsible business, we recognize climate change as one
of the defining issues of our time and commit to working together across industries, with our Clients, investees and other
stakeholders to contribute to solving this global challenge. We believe it is incumbent upon us to respond and to take actions that
support the goal of the Paris Agreement to limit the global temperature increase in this century to well below 2 degrees Celsius
compared to pre-industrial levels and to pursue efforts to limit the temperature increase to 1.5 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial
levels.

Sun Life has set a goal to achieve net-zero greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions by 2050 for both its investments and operations. As an
asset owner, Sun Life plans to achieve net-zero GHG emissions in its General Account. Sun Life's other asset management companies
will also drive net-zero efforts. MFS, SLGI Asset Management, and SLC Management companies SLC Fixed Income, InfraRed and BGO,
are members of the Net Zero Asset Managers ("NZAM") initiative, an international group of asset managers committed to
supporting the goal of net-zero emissions by 2050 or sooner. These businesses are setting interim targets and working towards the
2050 goal. They expect to communicate their targets following finalization with NZAM. Updated interim targets and a summary of
our other commitments and progress towards net-zero emissions are available at www.sunlife.com/sustainability. Sun Life is
targeting a 50% absolute reduction of GHG emissions in its operations by 2030, relative to 2019. This target includes emissions
reductions from Sun Life's offices and corporate travel(2).

Sun Life is a supporter of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures ("TCFD"), a member of the United Nations
Environment Programme Finance Initiative and signatory to the UN-supported Principles for Responsible Investment. We also
support and participate in several other sustainability-related forums, meetings and discussions with a range of external
stakeholders. Sun Life ranked among the 2023 Global 100 Most Sustainable Corporations in the World(3). This was the 14th
consecutive year Sun Life was named to the ranking, and we were the highest ranked insurance company on the list. Sun Life was
also included on the Dow Jones Sustainability Index - North America, and continues to be a constituent in the FTSE4Good Index.

To have a resilient, sustainable business, diversity and inclusion must serve as a catalyst. In 2020, Sun Life reinforced its commitment
to diversity, equity and inclusion by taking a firm stance for equality, social change and justice to support under-represented
communities. Sun Life continues to work towards its goals of 25% underrepresented ethnicities in Vice-President (VP)+ roles in North
America, and gender parity in VP+ roles globally, by 2025. In 2021, Sun Life became the first major insurance company to pursue the
Progressive Aboriginal Relations ("PAR") certification a program of the Canadian Council for Aboriginal Business. Having completed
Phase 1 and with Phase 2 in progress, we are well on our path to obtain Bronze Certification in 2023. SLC Management, in
partnership with BGO and Crescent Capital, became founding signatories to the Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Code for the
Investment Profession in the United States and Canada by the CFA Institute. Signatories commit to a six metrics-based Principles,
and to accelerate and amplify the impact of their commitment by making the economic, business, and moral case for diversity,
equity, and inclusion.

Our commitment to sustainability is set out in our Sustainability Policy and in our Code of Conduct which applies to all employees
and directors. The Governance, Investment & Conduct Review Committee of the Board provides oversight of our enterprise-wide
Sustainability Policy and sustainability program, including reviewing and recommending approval of the annual Sustainability Report
and sustainability plan to the Board. At the management level, in 2021, Sun Life appointed its first Chief Sustainability Officer,
reporting directly to the CEO. In 2022, Sun Life appointed our Vice-President, Climate Change and Environmental Impact, who
reports directly to the Chief Sustainability Officer and oversees the development and implementation of the enterprise-wide climate
change strategy, climate risk and climate performance and reporting functions. In addition, our International Sustainability Council is
composed of senior representatives from a diverse range of geographic regions, business groups and functions. This Council
supports the implementation of our sustainability plan, through the areas of focus that align with their business. They champion,
influence and drive action. The Council works closely with the Sustainability team on strategy and policy development and
monitoring, and risk escalation. The Council meets regularly and reports progress to our senior executive management and to the
Governance, Investment and Conduct Review Committee.

Additional details on our sustainability plan, and our most recent Sustainability Report, can be found on our website at
www.sunlife.com/Sustainability. Additional climate-related disclosures, guided by the TCFD recommendations, can be found under


(1)
    This is based on market conditions as of April 12, 2022 and comparison among other savings plans for new Composite and Long Term Businesses as defined
    by the Insurance Authority in the Register of Authorized Insurers.
(2)
    Emissions resulting from global corporate offices and data centres as well as from corporate travel, inclusive of majority-owned Sun Life affiliate
    companies. DentaQuest corporate offices are excluded for the 2022 reporting cycle. All emissions reporting is aligned to the GHG Protocol Corporate
    Accounting and Reporting Standard using the financial control approach.
(3)
    To determine the Global 100 ranking, Corporate Knights transparently analyzed 6,720 companies against global industry peers on a suite of up to 25
    quantitative key performance indicators, weighted to reflect each industry’s impact profile. The full 2023 methodology can be found at
    www.corporateknights.com/resources/global-100/.


Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                                  9
                                                                                                        Annual Information Form 2022


the heading "Environmental and Social Risk" in our 2022 MD&A, which is incorporated by reference herein. For more information on
our commitment to promote diversity and inclusion, please visit www.sunlife.com/en/about-us/diversity-and-inclusion/.


Capital Structure
General
SLF Inc.'s authorized capital consists of unlimited numbers of Common Shares, Class A Shares and Class B Shares, each without
nominal or par value.

The Class A Shares and Class B Shares may be issued in series as determined by SLF Inc.'s Board. The Board is authorized to fix the
number, consideration per share, designation and rights and restrictions attached to each series of shares. The holders of Class A
Shares and Class B Shares are not entitled to any voting rights except as described below or as otherwise provided by law. Additional
information concerning our capital structure is included in SLF Inc.'s 2022 MD&A under the heading Capital and Liquidity
Management and in Notes 13-15 and 21 to the 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements.
Common Shares
SLF Inc.’s Common Shares are listed on the Toronto, New York and Philippines stock exchanges, under the ticker symbol "SLF". Each
Common Share is entitled to one vote at meetings of the shareholders of SLF Inc., except for meetings at which only holders of
another specified class or series of shares are entitled to vote separately as a class or series.

Common Shares are entitled to receive dividends if and when declared by the Board. Dividends must be declared and paid in equal
amounts per share on all Common Shares, subject to the rights of holders of the Class A Shares and Class B Shares. Holders of
Common Shares will participate in any distribution of the net assets of SLF Inc. upon its liquidation, dissolution or winding-up on an
equal basis per share, subject to the rights of the holders of the Class A Shares and Class B Shares. There are no pre-emptive,
redemption, purchase or conversion rights attaching to the Common Shares.
Class A Shares
The Class A Shares of each series rank on parity with the Class A Shares of each other series with respect to the payment of dividends
and the return of capital on the liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of SLF Inc. The Class A Shares are entitled to preference over
the Class B Shares, the Common Shares and any other shares ranking junior to the Class A Shares with respect to the payment of
dividends and the return of capital. The special rights and restrictions attaching to the Class A Shares as a class may not be amended
without such approval as may then be required by law, subject to a minimum requirement of approval by the affirmative vote of at
least two-thirds of the votes cast at a meeting of the holders of Class A Shares held for that purpose.

The following table provides information on SLF Inc.'s issued and outstanding Class A Shares (the "Class A Preferred Shares"). These
Class A Preferred Shares are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange ("TSX"), with the exception of Series 14.

                                     Number of       TSX Ticker     Quarterly
           Series                  Shares Issued       Symbol     Dividend ($)       Redemption Date           Prospectus Date
           Series 3                     10,000,000    SLF.PR.C     0.278125                Any time             January 6, 2006
           Series 4                     12,000,000    SLF.PR.D     0.278125                Any time             October 2, 2006
           Series 5                     10,000,000    SLF.PR.E      0.28125                Any time            January 25, 2007
           Series 8R                     6,217,331    SLF.PR.G     0.114063            June 30, 2025              May 13, 2010
           Series 9QR                    4,982,669     SLF.PR.J     Floating           June 30, 2025              May 13, 2010
           Series 10R                    6,838,672    SLF.PR.H     0.185438       September 30, 2026             August 5, 2011
           Series 11QR                   1,161,328    SLF.PR.K      Floating      September 30, 2026             August 5, 2011
           Series 14                     1,000,000         n.a.         n.a.           June 30, 2026              June 24, 2021


With the exception of Series 14, the shares in each series of Class A Preferred Shares were issued for $25 per share and holders are
entitled to receive the non-cumulative quarterly dividends outlined in the preceding table. Subject to regulatory approval, SLF Inc.
may redeem: (i) the Series 3, 4 or 5 shares at any time; (ii) the Series 8R, 9QR, 10R and 11QR on the redemption date noted above
and every five years thereafter for $25 per share; and (iii) the Series 9QR and 11QR at any other time for $25.50 per share, in each
case in whole or in part. The Series 14 shares were issued as part of the offering of 3.60% Limited Recourse Capital Notes Series
2021-1 (the "Series 2021-1 Notes"), for $1,000 per share and are held by a consolidated trust (the "Limited Recourse Trust") as trust
assets in connection with the Series 2021-1 Notes. Series 2021-1 Notes are classified as equity in SLF Inc.’s 2022 Consolidated
Financial Statements. In case of non-payment of interest on or principal of the Series 2021-1 Notes when due, the recourse of each
noteholder will be limited to that holder's proportionate share of the Limited Recourse Trust's assets, which will consist of the Series
14 shares (except in limited circumstances). At this time the limited recourse trustee, as trustee of the Limited Recourse Trust, has
waived its right to receive any and all dividends on the Series 14 shares. Accordingly, no dividends are expected to be declared or
paid on the Series 14 shares while the Series 14 shares are held by the Limited Recourse Trust. Additional information concerning




Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                 10
                                                                                                                  Annual Information Form 2022


these shares is contained in the Investor Relations section of www.sunlife.com and in the prospectus and prospectus supplement
under which the shares were issued, which may be accessed at www.sedar.com.
Class B Shares
The Class B Shares of each series rank on a parity with the Class B Shares of each other series with respect to the payment of
dividends and the return of capital on the liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of SLF Inc. The Class B Shares are entitled to
preference over the Common Shares and any other shares ranking junior to the Class B Shares with respect to the payment of
dividends and the return of capital, but are subordinate to the Class A Shares and any other shares ranking senior to the Class B
Shares with respect to the payment of dividends and return of capital. The special rights and restrictions attaching to the Class B
Shares as a class may not be amended without such approval as may then be required by law, subject to a minimum requirement of
approval by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes cast at a meeting of the holders of Class B Shares held for that
purpose. No Class B Shares have been issued.

Constraints on Shares
The Insurance Act contains restrictions on the purchase or other acquisition, issue, transfer and voting of the shares of SLF Inc. and
Sun Life Assurance. Information on those restrictions can be found in this AIF under the heading Regulatory Matters - Canada -
Restrictions on Ownership.

Market for Securities
The following tables set out the price range and trading volumes of SLF Inc.'s Common Shares and Class A Preferred Shares on the
TSX during 2022:

                                                                   Common Shares
                                                                   Price ($)                Trading volume
                                                           High       Low      Close           (thousands)
                                         January           72.85     68.32     71.99                  28,225
                                         February          74.22     65.53     66.66                  57,088
                                         March             71.28     64.62     69.80                  53,685
                                         April             70.54     63.63     63.91                  23,180
                                         May               65.33     60.19     61.78                  81,264
                                         June              63.57     57.21     58.98                  57,282
                                         July              60.37     56.14     59.46                  30,004
                                         August            62.44     57.67     57.86                  62,749
                                         September         60.27     54.11     54.93                  30,402
                                         October           58.35     52.97     57.86                  29,871
                                         November          63.91     57.01     63.74                  63,673
                                         December          64.64     61.77     62.85                  37,702

                                                              Class A Preferred Shares
                                           Series 3                                                    Series 4
                                        Price ($)           Trading volume                Price ($)                    Trading volume
                                 High     Low      Close       (thousands)        High      Low        Close              (thousands)
             January            25.04   24.34    24.62                  85        25.15    24.39      24.69                       82
             February           24.88   23.13    23.89                  90        24.92    23.06      24.00                      102
             March              24.38   22.27    22.28                 219        24.35    22.22      22.28                      193
             April              22.65   19.86    20.24                 146        23.15    19.95      20.41                      179
             May                21.49   19.72    21.38                 110        21.85    19.93      21.85                      162
             June               21.70   19.01    19.42                 121        22.13    18.95      19.34                      296
             July               19.98   18.88    19.75                 107        19.84    18.79      19.74                      145
             August             20.45   18.96    18.98                  64        20.35    18.90      18.92                      137
             September          19.07   17.52    17.70                 104        18.94    17.62      17.75                      189
             October            18.31   17.11    17.99                 161        18.22    17.12      17.98                      290
             November           18.51   17.49    18.30                 246        18.35    17.40      18.19                      242
             December           18.72   17.80    18.36                 218        18.62    17.86      18.14                      353




Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                       11
                                                                                                               Annual Information Form 2022


                                           Series 5                                                Series 8R
                                        Price ($)          Trading volume              Price ($)                    Trading volume
                                 High     Low      Close      (thousands)      High      Low        Close              (thousands)
             January            25.35   24.49    24.87                92       19.08    17.85       18.21                      76
             February           25.24   23.36    23.95               128       18.30    16.99       17.03                      58
             March              24.41   22.25    22.43               102       18.14    16.63       17.45                      43
             April              22.49   20.03    20.51               187       17.50    14.65       15.34                     102
             May                21.91   19.96    21.91                94       16.17    14.55       15.88                      41
             June               22.25   19.17    20.02               119       16.11    14.51       14.51                      37
             July               20.00   19.17    19.80                85       15.00    13.71       14.37                      99
             August             20.90   19.19    19.19               181       14.99    14.25       14.50                      17
             September          19.25   18.07    18.10                85       14.50    12.98       13.26                     173
             October            18.76   17.46    18.30               123       13.35    12.52       12.75                      58
             November           18.80   17.67    18.80               109       13.67    12.69       13.61                      67
             December           18.89   18.09    18.30               155       13.70    12.68       12.68                      96

                                         Series 9QR                                                Series 10R
                                        Price ($)          Trading volume              Price ($)                    Trading volume
                                 High     Low     Close       (thousands)      High      Low        Close              (thousands)
             January            18.50   16.71    18.06               189       23.47    22.51       23.29                     451
             February           18.45   17.94    18.17               162       23.25    21.38       21.55                     181
             March              18.17   17.05    17.68                83       21.74    20.90       21.48                     136
             April              17.65   15.54    15.80                34       21.50    18.08       18.67                      50
             May                16.24   15.25    15.78                18       19.88    18.29       19.87                      52
             June               16.84   15.65    15.76                50       20.31    17.45       17.52                      66
             July               15.76   14.50    14.80                41       17.61    16.88       17.23                     249
             August             15.75   15.01    15.56                93       18.47    16.81       17.82                      43
             September          15.95   14.75    15.24                65       17.99    15.82       16.40                      46
             October            15.38   14.81    15.32                61       16.31    14.51       15.29                      37
             November           15.98   15.28    15.30                84       15.87    14.50       15.87                     241
             December           15.95   14.95    15.30                46       16.00    15.06       15.07                      59


                                         Series 11QR
                                        Price ($)          Trading volume
                                 High     Low     Close       (thousands)
             January            22.20   21.70    21.70                 4
             February           22.00   21.10    21.10                 1
             March              21.15   20.65    20.65                 6
             April              21.00   19.60    19.60                 5
             May                20.00   19.60    20.00                 2
             June               20.50   19.35    19.36                 5
             July               19.36   17.70    17.70                 1
             August             19.00   17.70    19.00                 6
             September          19.24   18.50    18.50                 2
             October            18.50   17.00    17.70                 7
             November           18.35   17.80    18.15                 4
             December           18.20   17.80    17.80                 6

Sales of Unlisted Securities
SLF Inc. has issued the following unlisted securities since January 1, 2022:

On August 10, 2022, SLF Inc. issued $650 million principal amount of Series 2022-1 Subordinated Unsecured 4.78% Fixed/Floating
Debentures due 2034.




Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                    12
                                                                                                          Annual Information Form 2022


Dividends
The declaration, amount and payment of dividends by SLF Inc. is subject to the approval of its Board and is dependent on our results
of operations, financial condition, cash requirements, regulatory and contractual restrictions and other factors considered by the
Board.

The dividends declared by SLF Inc. in the three years ended December 31, 2022 are set out in the 2022 MD&A under the heading
Capital and Liquidity Management - Shareholder Dividends, which is incorporated by reference in this AIF.

The Insurance Act prohibits the declaration or payment of dividends on shares of an insurance company if there are reasonable
grounds for believing a company does not have, or the payment of the dividend would cause the company not to have, adequate
capital or liquidity, or upon any direction made by the Superintendent. The Insurance Act also requires that an insurance company
notify the Superintendent of the declaration of a dividend at least fifteen days before the dividend payment date. On March 13,
2020, OSFI set the expectation for all federally regulated financial institutions that dividend increases should be halted for the time
being. On November 4, 2021, OSFI removed its expectations that federally regulated financial institutions halt dividend increases.

As a holding company, SLF Inc. depends primarily on the receipt of funds from its subsidiaries to pay shareholder dividends, interest
payments and operating expenses. The source of these funds is primarily dividends and capital repayments that SLF Inc. receives
from its subsidiaries. The inability of its subsidiaries to pay dividends or return capital in the future may materially impair SLF Inc.'s
ability to pay dividends to shareholders or to meet its cash obligations. Additional information concerning legislation regulating the
ability of SLF Inc.'s subsidiaries in Canada, the U.S., the UK and Asia to pay dividends or return capital can be found in this AIF under
the heading Regulatory Matters.

SLF Inc. and Sun Life Assurance have each covenanted that, if a distribution is not paid when due on any outstanding Sun Life
ExchangEable Capital Securities ("SLEECS") issued by Sun Life Capital Trust, Sun Life Assurance will not pay dividends on its Public
Preferred Shares, if any are outstanding. If Sun Life Assurance does not have any Public Preferred Shares, then SLF Inc. will not pay
dividends on its preferred shares or Common Shares until the twelfth month following the failure to pay the required distribution in
full, unless the required distribution is paid to the holders of the SLEECS. Public Preferred Shares means preferred shares issued by
Sun Life Assurance which: (a) have been issued to the public (excluding any preferred shares held beneficially by affiliates of Sun Life
Assurance); (b) are listed on a recognized stock exchange; and (c) have an aggregate liquidation entitlement of at least $200 million.
Sun Life Assurance has not issued any shares that qualify as Public Preferred Shares as at the date of this AIF.

The terms of SLF Inc.'s outstanding Class A Preferred Shares provide that for so long as Sun Life Assurance is a subsidiary, no
dividends on such preferred shares may be declared or paid if Sun Life Assurance’s minimum regulatory capital ratio falls below the
applicable threshold.

Security Ratings
SLF Inc.'s Class A Preferred Shares, senior unsecured debentures, and subordinated unsecured debentures are rated by independent
rating agencies. Security ratings assigned to securities by the rating agencies may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by
the applicable rating agency and are not a recommendation to purchase, hold or sell these securities as such ratings do not
comment as to market price or suitability for a particular investor. Security ratings are intended to provide investors with an
independent measure of the credit quality of an issue of securities.




Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                     13
                                                                                                                              Annual Information Form 2022


The table below provides the security ratings for SLF Inc.'s securities as at February 8, 2023. All rating agencies currently have stable
outlooks on SLF Inc. issuer credit ratings:
 Security Ratings
                                                                    A.M. Best(1)                 DBRS(2)                   Fitch(3)                  S&P(4)
                                                                 Rating       Rank        Rating        Rank        Rating        Rank       Rating           Rank
 Subordinated Unsecured Debentures:
      Series 2007-1, 2016-2, 2019-1, 2020-1, 2020-2,
      2021-1, 2021-2, 2021-3 and 2022-1                            a-        7 of 21         A         6 of 26        A-         7 of 21        A         6 of 22
 Limited Recourse Capital Notes ("LRCNs"):
      Series 2021-1                                               NR(5)          -        A (low)      7 of 26       BBB         9 of 21        A-        7 of 22
 Class A Preferred Shares:
    Series 3 - 5, 8R, 9QR, 10R,                                                            Pfd-2                                             P-1(low) 3 of 18/
    and 11QR                                                      bbb+       8 of 21       (high)      4 of 16       BBB         9 of 21      /A-(6)  5 of 20(6)
(1)
    A.M. Best Company, Inc.
(2)
    DBRS Limited, part of DBRS Morningstar group, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Morningstar, Inc.
(3)
    Fitch Ratings, Inc., part of Fitch Group, is majority owned by Hearst. We do not participate in Fitch’s ratings process, or provide additional information to
    Fitch Ratings, beyond our available public disclosures.
(4)
    S&P Global Inc. (NYSE: SPGI).
(5)
    Not Rated.
(6)
    The Canadian scale rating/global scale rating for preferred shares.

SLF Inc. has made payments in the ordinary course to DBRS and Standard and Poor's ("S&P") in connection with the assignment of
ratings on the securities of SLF Inc. In addition, SLF Inc. has made customary payments to A.M. Best, DBRS, Moody’s and S&P in
respect of certain other services provided to SLF Inc. by the applicable rating agencies during the last two years.

The descriptions of the ratings below are sourced from public information as disclosed by each rating agency.
A.M. Best
A.M. Best’s issue credit rating ("IR") provides an opinion of credit quality assigned to issues that gauges the ability to meet the terms
of the obligations and can be issued on a long- or short-term basis. An IR assigned to a specific issue is A.M. Best’s opinion of the
issuer’s ability to meet the ongoing financial obligations to security holders when due. As such, an IR is an opinion regarding the
relative future credit risk. Credit risk is the risk that a debt issuer may not meet its contractual financial obligations as they come due.
The rating does not address any other risk, including, but not limited to, liquidity risk, market value risk or price volatility of rated
obligations.

A.M. Best assigns long-term IR in a range of rating categories from "aaa" to "c". Ratings from "aa" to "ccc" may be enhanced with a
"+" (plus) or "-" (minus) to indicate whether credit quality is near the top or bottom of a category. The absence of either a plus or
minus designation indicates the rating is in the middle of the category.

SLF Inc.’s Subordinated Unsecured Debentures have been assigned "a-" ratings. An "a" rating denotes an issuer’s excellent ability to
meet the terms of the obligation.

SLF Inc.’s Class A Preferred Shares have been assigned "bbb+" ratings. A "bbb" rating denotes an issuer’s good ability to meet the
terms of the obligation, however, the issue is more susceptible to changes in economic and other conditions.
DBRS
The DBRS long-term rating scale provides an opinion on the risk of default. That is, the risk that an issuer will fail to satisfy its
financial obligations in accordance with the terms under which an obligation has been issued. Ratings are based on quantitative and
qualitative considerations relevant to the issuer, and the relative ranking of claims. DBRS assigns long-term ratings in a range from
AAA to D, and "(high)" and "(low)" designations indicate standing within the major rating categories. The absence of either a "(high)"
or "(low)" designation indicates the rating is in the middle of the category. There are no "(high)" or "(low)" designations for AAA and
D ratings.

SLF Inc.’s Subordinated Unsecured Debentures and LRCNs have been assigned A and A (low) ratings, respectively. A ratings,
reflecting a good credit quality, are assigned to issues when the capacity for the payment of financial obligations is substantial, but of
lesser credit quality than AA, and the issue may be vulnerable to future events, but qualifying negative factors are considered
manageable.

DBRS assigns ratings for preferred shares in a range from Pfd-1 to D. Reference to "high" and "low" designations indicate standing
within the major rating categories. The absence of either a "(high)" or "(low)" designation indicates the rating is in the middle of the



Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                                                14
                                                                                                            Annual Information Form 2022


category. There are no "(high)" or "(low)" designations for D ratings. The DBRS preferred share rating scale is used in the Canadian
securities market and is meant to give an indication of the risk that a borrower will not fulfill its full obligations in accordance with
the terms under which the relevant preferred shares were issued, with respect to both dividend and principal commitments. SLF
Inc.’s Class A Preferred Shares have been assigned a Pfd-2 (high) rating, the second highest among rating categories used by DBRS.
Preferred shares rated Pfd-2 are generally of good credit quality. Protection of dividends and principal is still substantial, but
earnings, the balance sheet and coverage ratios are not as strong as Pfd-1 rated companies.
Fitch
Fitch’s ratings of individual securities or financial obligations of a corporate issuer address relative vulnerability to default on an
ordinal scale.

Fitch assigns long-term ratings for debt and preferred shares in a range from AAA to C. The modifiers + or - may be appended to a
rating to denote relative status within major rating categories. The absence of either a plus or minus designation indicates the rating
is in the middle of the category. Such modifiers are not added to the AAA rating or to ratings below CCC.

SLF Inc.’s Subordinated Unsecured Debentures have been assigned A- ratings. An A rating denotes expectations of low credit risk and
the capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered strong. This capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to
adverse business or economic conditions than is the case for higher ratings. SLF Inc.’s LRCNs and Class A Preferred Shares have been
assigned a BBB rating. A BBB rating indicates that expectations of credit risk are currently low and the capacity for payment of
financial commitments is considered adequate but adverse business or economic conditions are more likely to impair this capacity.
Standard & Poor's
An S&P issue credit rating is a forward-looking opinion about the creditworthiness of an obligor with respect to a specific financial
obligation. The opinion reflects S&P's view of the obligor's capacity and willingness to meet its financial commitments as they come
due, and may assess terms, such as collateral security and subordination, which could affect ultimate payment in the event of
default.

S&P’s long-term credit ratings for securities are based, in varying degrees, on S&P's analysis of the following considerations:
    • Likelihood of payment - capacity and willingness of the obligor to meet its financial commitment on an obligation in
         accordance with the terms of the obligation;
    • Nature of and provisions of the obligation and the promise imputed by S&P; and
    • The protection afforded by, and relative position of, the obligation in the event of bankruptcy, reorganization, or other
         arrangement under the laws of bankruptcy and other laws affecting creditors' rights.

These ratings are an assessment of default risk, but may incorporate an assessment of relative seniority or ultimate recovery in the
event of default. Junior obligations are typically rated lower than senior obligations, to reflect the lower priority in bankruptcy.

S&P assigns long-term ratings in a range from AAA to D. The ratings from AA to CCC may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or
minus (-) sign to show relative standing within the major rating categories. The absence of either a plus or minus designation
indicates the rating is in the middle of the category.

SLF Inc.’s Subordinated Unsecured Debentures and LRCNs have been assigned A and A- ratings, respectively. An A rating category
indicates that the obligor’s capacity to meet its financial commitment on the obligation is strong.

S&P has Canadian and global rating scales for preferred shares. S&P assigns ratings for Canadian preferred shares in a range from P-1
to D on the Canadian scale and from AA to D on the global rating scale. S&P uses "high" and "low" designations to indicate standing
within the major rating categories on the Canadian rating scale and plus or minus designations to indicate the relative standing of
securities within a particular rating category on the global rating scale. The absence of either a "high" and "low" or a plus or minus
designation indicates the rating is in the middle of the category. There are no plus and minus or "high" and "low" designations for
rating categories below P-5/CCC, and no plus designation for an AA rating category.

S&P’s preferred share rating on the Canadian scale is a forward-looking opinion about the creditworthiness of an obligor with
respect to a specific preferred share obligation issued in the Canadian market, relative to preferred shares issued by other issuers in
the Canadian market. There is a direct correspondence between the specific ratings assigned on the Canadian preferred share scale
and the various rating levels on the global debt rating scale of S&P. S&P presents an issuer's preferred share ratings on both the
global rating scale and on the Canadian national scale when listing the ratings for a particular issuer.

SLF Inc.’s Class A Preferred Shares have been assigned a P-1 (low) rating on the Canadian scale, which corresponds to an A- rating on
the global scale. An A rating category indicates that the obligor’s capacity to meet its financial commitment on the obligation is
strong.




Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                       15
                                                                                                        Annual Information Form 2022


Transfer Agents and Registrars
Common Shares
TSX Trust Company is the principal transfer agent and the registrar for SLF Inc.'s Common Shares. The central securities register is
maintained in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. The transfer agent and co-transfer agents for SLF Inc.’s Common Shares are as follows
(opposite their applicable jurisdictions):
                    Transfer Agent
                    Canada                         TSX Trust Company
                                                   1 Toronto Street, Suite 1200
                                                   Toronto, Ontario
                                                   Canada M5C 2V6
                    Co-Transfer Agents
                    United States                  American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC
                                                   6201 15th Avenue
                                                   Brooklyn, NY 11219
                                                   United States
                    United Kingdom                 Link Asset Services
                                                   10th Floor, Central Square
                                                   29 Wellington Street
                                                   Leeds LS1 4DL
                                                   United Kingdom
                    Philippines                    Rizal Commercial Banking Corporation
                                                   RCBC Stock Transfer Processing Section
                                                   Ground Floor, West Wing
                                                   GPL (Grepalife) Building
                                                   221 Senator Gil Puyat Avenue
                                                   Makati City, Philippines
                    Hong Kong                      Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
                                                   17M Floor, Hopewell Centre
                                                   183 Queen's Road East
                                                   Wanchai, Hong Kong


Preferred Shares and Debentures
TSX Trust Company is the transfer agent and the registrar for SLF Inc.'s Class A Preferred Shares, and BNY Trust Company of Canada
is the trustee and the registrar for SLF Inc.'s senior unsecured debentures, and its subordinated unsecured debentures, Series
2007-1, 2016-2, 2019-1, 2020-1, 2020-2, 2021-1, 2021-2, 2021-3 and 2022-1. Computershare Trust Company of Canada is the trustee
and registrar for SLF Inc.'s LRCNs. The registers for those securities are maintained in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.


Directors and Executive Officers
Board of Directors
As of the date of this AIF, the Board of SLF Inc. had four standing committees: Audit Committee, Governance, Investment & Conduct
Review Committee, Management Resources Committee and Risk Committee.

The following table sets out the directors of SLF Inc. as of the date of this AIF and, for each director, the province or state and
country of his or her residence, principal occupation, years as a director, and membership on Board committees. The term of each
director expires at the close of business of the Annual Meeting in 2023. Each director of SLF Inc. is an independent director as
defined in the Company's Director Independence Policy, except Mr. Strain, the President & Chief Executive Officer of SLF Inc.




Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                  16
                                                                                                          Annual Information Form 2022


        Name and
        Province/State and              Principal                                   Director
        Country of Residence            Occupation                                  Since      Board Committee Membership
                                                                                               Audit
        Deepak Chopra                   Corporate Director                          2021       Governance, Investment & Conduct
        Ontario, Canada                                                                        Review
        Stephanie L. Coyles                                                                    Governance, Investment & Conduct
                                        Corporate Director                          2017       Review
        Ontario, Canada                                                                        Management Resources
        Ashok K. Gupta                                                                         Management Resources
                                        Corporate Director                          2018
        London, England                                                                        Risk
        M. Marianne Harris                                                                     Audit
                                        Corporate Director                          2013       Governance, Investment & Conduct
        Ontario, Canada                                                                        Review
                                                                                               Governance, Investment & Conduct
        David H. Y. Ho                  Chairman and Founder, Kiina Investment      2021       Review
        Shenzhen, China                 Limited                                                Management Resources
        Laurie G. Hylton                                                                       Audit
                                        Corporate Director                          2022
        Massachusetts, U.S.A.                                                                  Risk
        Helen M. Mallovy Hicks                                                                 Audit
                                        Corporate Director                          2021
        Ontario, Canada                                                                        Risk
        Marie-Lucie Morin                                                                      Management Resources
                                        Corporate Director                          2021
        Ontario, Canada                                                                        Risk
        Joseph M. Natale                Corporate Director                          2023       Management Resources Risk
        Ontario, Canada
        Scott F. Powers                 Chair of the Board, SLF Inc. and Sun Life   2015       None
        Massachusetts, U.S.A.           Assurance
        Kevin D. Strain                 President & Chief Executive Officer,
                                                                                    2021       None
        Ontario, Canada                 SLF Inc. and Sun Life Assurance
        Barbara G. Stymiest                                                                    Audit
                                        Corporate Director                          2012
        Ontario, Canada                                                                        Risk


Each director of SLF Inc. has been engaged for more than five years in his or her present principal occupation or in other capacities
with the company or organization (or predecessor thereof) in which he or she currently holds his or her principal occupation, except:
(i) Mr. Chopra, who from 2011 to 2018 was President and Chief Executive Officer, Canada Post Corporation;
(ii) Ms. Mallovy Hicks, who from 1999 to 2021 held various executive positions at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, including most
      recently as Global Valuation Business Line Leader;
(iii) Mr. Ho, who from 2010 to 2018 was a senior advisor, Permira Advisors LLC, and from 2017 to 2019 was Chairman and founding
      partner, CRU Capital;
(iv) Ms. Hylton, who from 1994 to 2021 held various senior positions at Eaton Vance Corp., including most recently as Chief
      Financial Officer; and
(v) Mr. Natale, who from 2017 to 2021 was President and Chief Executive Officer, Rogers Communications Inc.

Audit Committee
The responsibilities and duties of the Audit Committee are set out in its charter, a copy of which is attached as Appendix A. The
Board has determined that each member of its Audit Committee is independent as defined in the Company's Director Independence
Policy and is financially literate. In the Board's judgment, a member of the Committee is financially literate if, after seeking and
receiving any explanations or information from senior financial management of the Company or the auditors of the Company that
the member requires, the member is able to read and understand the consolidated financial statements of the Company to the
extent sufficient to be able to intelligently ask, and to evaluate the answers to, probing questions about the material aspects of
those financial statements.

The members of the Audit Committee as of the date of this AIF and their qualifications and education are set out below:

Barbara G. Stymiest (Chair), is a corporate director and a Chartered Professional Accountant. She was a member of the Group
Executive at Royal Bank of Canada, an international banking and financial services organization, from 2004 to 2011; Royal Bank’s
Group Head, Strategy, Treasury and Corporate Services from 2010 to 2011; and Chief Operating Officer from 2004 to 2009. Prior to
that Ms. Stymiest held senior positions in the financial services sector including Chief Executive Officer, TSX Group Inc., Executive
Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer, BMO Nesbitt Burns, and Partner, Financial Services Group, Ernst & Young LLP. She joined
the Board of Directors, and the Risk Committee (formerly the Risk Review Committee and Risk & Conduct Review Committee) of SLF
Inc. and Sun Life Assurance in May 2012. Ms. Stymiest was a member of the Management Resources Committee from her



Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                               17
                                                                                                      Annual Information Form 2022


appointment until May 2015. She became a member of the Audit Committee (formerly the Audit & Conduct Review Committee) and
Chair of the Risk Committee (formerly the Risk Review Committee and Risk & Conduct Review Committee) in May 2015.
Ms. Stymiest ceased to be Chair of the Risk Committee and became Chair of the Audit Committee in May 2021. She is a Fellow of the
Chartered Professional Accountants of Ontario and received an Award of Outstanding Merit from that organization in 2011.
Ms. Stymiest is a director and Chair of the audit committee of George Weston Limited. She also serves as a director of President’s
Choice Bank, a director of the Canadian Institute for Advanced Research, the Vice-Chair of AGE-WELL NCE Inc. and Chair of its
finance & audit committee and a member of the Advisory Board of AgeTech Catalyst Fund. Ms. Stymiest was formerly a director of
BlackBerry Limited from 2007 to June 2022 and Chair of its audit and risk management committee from 2007 to 2021. She holds an
Honours Business Administration degree. Ms. Stymiest was named to the National Association of Corporate Directors Directorship
100 in 2018 and became a member of the Order of Canada in 2021.

Deepak Chopra is a corporate director and most recently served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Canada Post
Corporation from 2011 to 2018. He has more than 30 years of global experience in the financial services, technology, logistics and
supply-chain industries. Prior to joining Canada Post, he held various senior positions during his 23-year career with Pitney Bowes
Inc., a NYSE-traded technology company known for postage meters, mail automation and location intelligence services, including
President & Chief Executive Officer, Canada & Latin America, President, Asia Pacific & Middle East and Vice-President & Chief
Financial Officer, Europe, Africa & Middle East. Mr. Chopra joined the Board of Directors, the Audit Committee and the Governance,
Investment & Conduct Review Committee of SLF Inc. and Sun Life Assurance in May 2021. He is currently a director and a member of
the audit committee of Celestica Inc., a director and a member of the audit committee of The Descartes Systems Group Inc., and a
director of The North West Company Inc. and was a member of its audit committee from 2018 to 2021. Mr. Chopra has previously
served on the boards of Canada Post Corporation, Purolator Inc., SCI Group, the Canada Post Community Foundation, the Toronto
Region Board of Trade and the Conference Board of Canada. He is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Professional Accountants of
Canada and holds a Bachelor’s degree in Commerce (Honours) and a Post Graduate Diploma in Business Management.

M. Marianne Harris is a corporate director. She was Managing Director and President, Corporate and Investment Banking, Merrill
Lynch Canada, Inc., an international banking and financial services organization, until 2013. She held progressively senior positions
during her 13-year career with Merrill Lynch and affiliated companies in Canada and the U.S., including President, Global Markets
and Investment Banking, Canada, Head of Financial Institutions Group, Americas and Head of Financial Institutions, Canada. Before
joining Merrill Lynch, Ms. Harris held various investment banking positions with RBC Capital Markets from 1984 to 2000, including
Head of the Financial Institutions Group. She joined the Board of Directors of SLF Inc. and Sun Life Assurance in December 2013.
Ms. Harris was a member of the Audit Committee (formerly the Audit & Conduct Review Committee) from her appointment to May
2015, the Governance, Investment & Conduct Review Committee (formerly the Governance, Nomination and Investment
Committee) from her appointment to May 2016, and the Risk Committee (formerly the Risk Review Committee and Risk & Conduct
Review Committee) from May 2016 to October 2021. She became a member of the Management Resources Committee in May 2015
and Chair of that committee in May 2016, and became a member of the Governance, Investment & Conduct Review Committee in
October 2021 and Chair of that committee in May 2022. Ms. Harris ceased to be a member and Chair of the Management Resources
Committee and became a member of the Audit Committee in May 2022. She is currently a director and member of the audit
committee of each of Public Sector Pension Investment Board, George Weston Limited and Loblaw Companies Limited, and a
director of President’s Choice Bank. Ms. Harris is also a member of the Dean’s Advisory Council for the Schulich School of Business,
and a member of the Advisory Council for the Hennick Centre for Business and Law. She was formerly a director and member of the
audit committee of Agrium Inc. from 2014 to 2015, and the finance and audit committee of Investment Industry Regulatory
Organization of Canada from 2012 to 2018. Ms. Harris holds a Master of Business Administration degree and a Juris Doctorate.

Laurie G. Hylton is a corporate director. She was a senior finance executive with more than 30 years of global experience in asset
management, banking and public accounting. Prior to her retirement in March 2021, Ms. Hylton held various senior positions during
her 27-year career with Eaton Vance Corp. (Eaton Vance), most recently served as Vice-President & Chief Financial Officer, a key part
of the executive team leading the company’s strategic planning and business transformations, and had regular exposure to its board
and audit committee. Prior to that, she was Vice President & Chief Accounting Officer and Head of Internal Audit, where she was
responsible for internal controls and management of finance functions, and oversaw complex integrations of these functions in
major acquisitions. Prior to joining Eaton Vance, Ms. Hylton was a Senior Auditor with Deloitte & Touche, where she covered
financial services companies. She joined the Board of Directors, the Audit Committee and the Risk Committee of SLF Inc. and Sun Life
Assurance in December 2022. Ms. Hylton is currently a director and a member of the finance committee of Theater In the Open, and
a director of Newburyport Art Association. She was formerly a director and Chair of the finance committee of The Pike School.
Ms. Hylton holds a Master of Business Administration degree and was a Certified Public Accountant from 1994 to June 2022.

Helen M. Mallovy Hicks is a corporate director. Prior to her retirement in 2021, she was a partner of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
(PwC) with over 30 years of global business management and advisory experience. She most recently served as PwC’s Global
Valuation Business Line Leader from 2016 to 2021 and prior to that held various executive positions, including, Canada GTA Deals
Leader, Canada Valuation Leader and Deals Valuation Partner. She has advised boards and executives on complex transactions, value
creation, capital allocation, business transformation and restructuring matters. Ms. Mallovy Hicks joined the Board of Directors, the
Audit Committee and the Risk Committee of SLF Inc. and Sun Life Assurance in October 2021. She is currently a director and member
of the audit committee of Northland Power Inc. and a director and member of the audit committee and investment committee of


Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                              18
                                                                                                            Annual Information Form 2022


Public Sector Pension Investment Board, and a director and Chair of the audit & risk committee of The Princess Margaret Cancer
Foundation. Ms. Mallovy Hicks was formerly a director and Chair of the finance, audit & risk committee of Canadian Partnership
Against Cancer, a trustee of Toronto Symphony Foundation, and a director of the Canadian Partnership Board of PwC and the
Toronto Symphony Orchestra. She is a Fellow of the Canadian Institute of Chartered Business Valuators and a Fellow of the
Chartered Professional Accountants of Ontario and holds a Bachelor of Commerce degree.

SLF Inc.'s Board has determined that Deepak Chopra, Laurie G. Hylton, Helen M. Mallovy Hicks and Barbara G. Stymiest are the Audit
Committee Financial Experts as defined by the SEC. The SEC has indicated that the designation of a person as an Audit Committee
Financial Expert does not make that person an "expert" for any purpose, or impose any duties, obligations or liabilities on that
person that are greater than those imposed on members of the audit committee and the Board who do not carry this designation or
affect the duties, obligations or liabilities of any other member of the Audit Committee or the Board. Each of Mr. Chopra, Ms. Laurie
G. Hylton, Ms. Mallovy Hicks and Ms. Stymiest is "independent" within the meaning of the listing standards of the New York Stock
Exchange and Rule 10A-3 of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Executive Officers
The following table sets out the executive officers of SLF Inc. as of the date of this AIF:
                                            Province/State and
               Name                         Country of Residence              Position
               Kevin D. Strain              Ontario, Canada                   President & Chief Executive Officer

               Linda M. Dougherty           Ontario, Canada                   Executive Vice-President, Chief Strategy and
                                                                              Enablement Officer
               Daniel R. Fishbein           Maine, USA                        President, Sun Life U.S.

               Colm J. Freyne               Ontario, Canada                   Executive Vice-President, Special Advisor to the
                                                                              CEO
               Jacques Goulet               Ontario, Canada                   President, Sun Life Canada

               Ingrid G. Johnson            Hong Kong, China                  President, Sun Life Asia

               Melissa J. Kennedy           Ontario, Canada                   Executive Vice-President, Chief Legal Officer &
                                                                              Public Affairs
               Laura A. Money               Ontario, Canada                   Executive Vice-President, Chief Information and
                                                                              Technology Innovation Officer
               Thomas P. Murphy             Massachusetts, USA                Executive Vice-President and Chief Risk Officer

               Helena J. Pagano             Ontario, Canada                   Executive Vice-President, Chief People and
                                                                              Culture Officer
               Stephen C. Peacher           Massachusetts, USA                President, SLC Management

               Manjit Singh                 Ontario, Canada                   Executive Vice-President & Chief Financial Officer

               Christopher B. Wei           Singapore                         Executive Vice-President, Chief Client and
                                                                              Innovation Officer

Each executive officer of SLF Inc. has held his or her current position or other senior positions with the Company during the past five
years with the following exceptions:
(i) Prior to joining the Company in October 2021, Ms. Johnson was Group Finance Director, Old Mutual plc until June 2018;
(ii) Ms. Money held the following positions with Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce: Senior Vice-President and Chief Information
      Officer Corporate Centre Technology, from November 2018 to May 2020 and Senior Vice President, Enterprise Programs &
      Deliver Excellence, from April 2016 to October 2018;
(iii) Prior to September 2018, Mr. Murphy was the Head of U.S. Wealth Business, Mercer;
(iv) Mr. Singh held the following positions with The Toronto-Dominion Bank: Executive Vice President, Finance, Enterprise Finance,
      TD Bank Group, from August 2019 to March 2021 and Executive Vice President, TD Bank Group and Chief Financial Officer, TD
      Bank, America's Most Convenient Bank, from June 2015 to August 2019; and
(v) Mr. Wei held the following positions with Aviva plc: Global Chairman, Aviva Digital and Executive Chairman, Aviva Asia & Friends
      Provident International, from October 2014 to July 2021.




Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                 19
                                                                                                          Annual Information Form 2022


Cease Trade Orders, Bankruptcies, Penalties and Sanctions
To the best of SLF Inc.’s knowledge, as at the date of this AIF, except as set out below, no director or executive officer of SLF Inc.:
(i) is or has been, in the last ten years, a director, chief executive officer or chief financial officer of a company (including SLF Inc.)
      that, while that person was acting in that capacity,
      (a) was the subject of a cease trade or similar order or an order that denied the company access to any exemption under
           Canadian securities legislation, for a period of more than 30 consecutive days, or
      (b) was subject to an event that resulted, after that person ceased to be a director, chief executive officer or chief financial
           officer, in the company being the subject of a cease trade or similar order or an order that denied the company access to
           any exemption under Canadian securities legislation, for a period of more than 30 consecutive days.
(ii) is or has been, in the last ten years, a director or executive officer of a company (including SLF Inc.) that, while that person was
      acting in that capacity or within a year of that person ceasing to act in that capacity, became bankrupt, made a proposal under
      any legislation relating to bankruptcy or insolvency or was subject to or instituted any proceedings, arrangement or compromise
      with creditors or had a receiver, receiver manager or trustee appointed to hold its assets,
(iii) has, within the last ten years, become bankrupt, made a proposal under any legislation relating to bankruptcy or insolvency, or
      become subject to or instituted any proceedings, arrangement or compromise with creditors, or had a receiver, receiver
      manager or trustee appointed to hold the assets of the director or executive officer; and
(iv) has been subject to (a) any penalties or sanctions imposed by a court relating to securities legislation or by a securities
      regulatory authority or has entered into a settlement agreement with a securities regulatory authority or (b) any other penalties
      or sanctions imposed by a court or regulatory body that would likely be considered important to a reasonable investor in
      making an investment decision.

Ms. Coyles was a director of Postmedia Network Canada Corp. while it completed a restructuring following an arrangement plan
under the Canada Business Corporation Act in October 2016. Ms. Coyles is no longer a director of Postmedia Network Canada Corp.

Shareholdings of Directors and Executive Officers
To the knowledge of SLF Inc., as at December 31, 2022, SLF Inc.'s directors and executive officers, as a group, owned, directly or
indirectly, or had voting control or direction over 122,104 Common Shares of SLF Inc., or less than 1% of the total Common Shares
outstanding.

Code of Conduct
We have built a strong corporate culture founded on ethical behaviour, high business standards, integrity and respect. The Board
establishes the "tone from the top" and makes every effort to ensure that Senior Management consists of people who create and
sustain a culture of integrity throughout the organization. Questions about this culture are included in our Board's, committee and
peer effectiveness surveys.

The Board has established our Code of Conduct (the "Code") that applies to every Director, Officer and employee, with no exception.
All receive annual training and are required to complete a declaration of compliance with the Code.

Our Code promotes speaking up and outlines our commitment against retaliation. Our Code also requires employees and Board
members to report all known and suspected breaches. Our Ethics Hotline empowers our employees to play an active role in
protecting the organization. They can use the Ethics Hotline to report allegations of misconduct anonymously or if they feel their
concerns have not been resolved using other reporting methods.

Communications that accompanied the Code in 2022 continued to reinforce our expectations of behaviours in the workplace;
emphasizing the importance of speaking up, fostering a workplace that is free of harassment of any kind and promoting diversity,
equity and inclusion.

The Governance, Investment and Conduct Review Committee of the Board is responsible for reviewing the effectiveness of the Code,
monitoring compliance and reporting the results of its review to the Board annually. On a quarterly basis, the Chief Compliance
Officer reports on breaches of the Code and reviews our controls and compliance with the Governance, Investment and Conduct
Review Committee. No waivers of the Code for directors or executive officers have been granted.

The most recent copy of the Code is available on our website (www.sunlife.com). The Code has been filed with the Canadian
Securities Administrators ("CSA") in Canada on SEDAR (www.sedar.com) and with the SEC in the United States on EDGAR
(www.sec.gov/EDGAR).




Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                   20
                                                                                                        Annual Information Form 2022


Principal Accountant Fees and Services
The following table shows the fees related to services provided by the Company's external auditors, Deloitte LLP, for the past two
years:
           ($ millions)                                                                            2022             2021
           Audit Services                                                                           30.3             19.3
           Audit-Related Services                                                                   1.5              1.2
           Tax Services                                                                             0.0              0.2
           Other Services                                                                           0.2              0.2

Audit fees relate to professional services rendered by the auditors for the audit of our Annual Consolidated Financial Statements,
the statements for our segregated funds and services related to statutory and regulatory filings. Audit fees of $21.9 million (2021:
$13.0 million) relates to the audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements of SLF and its subsidiaries to support the audit opinions
expressed in the Independent Auditor's Report; the remaining Audit Services fees of $8.4 million (2021: $6.3 million) relates to audit
of the statements of segregated funds and statutory and regulatory filings.

Audit-related fees include assurance services not directly related to performing the audit of the Annual Consolidated Financial
Statements of the Company. These include internal control reviews, specified procedure audits and employee benefit plan audits.

Tax fees relate to tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning.

All other fees relate to products and services other than audit, audit-related and tax as described above.

Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures
The Audit Committee of SLF Inc. and Sun Life Assurance have adopted a policy restricting the use of the external auditor (the
"Policy"). The objective of the Policy is to ensure that the independence of the external auditor is not compromised by certain
engagements. The Policy is based on the following principles, which specify that the external auditor cannot:
     • function in the role of management of the Company;
     • audit its own firm’s work; or
     • serve in an advocacy role for the Company.

The Policy requires that any services to be provided by the external auditor be pre-approved by the Audit Committees of SLF Inc.
and/or Sun Life Assurance, as applicable, and the audit committee of any affected subsidiary that is itself directly subject to the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. If a service has not been pre-approved by the Audit Committee, specific approval must be obtained
from the committee before an engagement letter can be issued and the related work commenced. The committee has, subject to
reporting requirements, pre-approved certain audit, audit-related and other permissible non-audit services that are consistent with
maintaining the independence of the external auditor. These pre-approved services are reviewed annually by the committee. The
Policy prohibits engaging the external auditor to provide certain services, including:
      •     bookkeeping or other services related to accounting records or financial statements;
      •     financial information systems design or implementation services;
      •     appraisal or valuation services, fairness opinions or contribution in kind reports;
      •     actuarial services;
      •     internal audit outsourcing services;
      •     management functions or human resources services;
      •     broker or dealer, investment adviser, underwriting, securities or investment banking services;
      •     legal services and expert services unrelated to an audit;
      •     any service for which no fee is payable unless a specific result is obtained;
      •     any non-audit tax services that recommend the Company engage in confidential transactions or aggressive tax position
            transactions, as defined by the U.S. Public Company Accountability Oversight Board; and
      •     any other service that governing regulators or professional bodies determine to be impermissible.

Fees paid to SLF Inc.'s external auditors have been approved by the Audit Committee of the Board of SLF Inc. or otherwise in
accordance with the Policy. None of the services provided by the Company's external auditors described above were approved
pursuant to a waiver of pre-approval provisions under SEC rules (paragraph (c)(7)(i)(C) of Rule 2 - 01 of Regulation S-X).


Interests of Experts
Deloitte LLP is the auditor of SLF Inc. and is independent of SLF Inc. within the meaning of the Rules of Professional Conduct of the
Chartered Professional Accountants of Ontario and within the meaning of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the



Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                   21
                                                                                                          Annual Information Form 2022


applicable rules and regulations thereunder adopted by the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) ("PCAOB").

Kevin Morrissey, the Appointed Actuary of SLF Inc., has provided an opinion on the value of policy liabilities and reinsurance
recoverables for SLF Inc.'s statements of financial position as at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the change in the consolidated
statement of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Mr. Morrissey owned beneficially, directly or indirectly,
less than 1% of all outstanding securities or other property of SLF Inc. or its affiliates when he prepared that opinion, and after that
opinion was prepared, and he does not expect to receive any such securities or other property in excess of that amount in the
future.


Regulatory Matters
Sun Life is subject to regulation and supervision by government authorities in the jurisdictions in which it does business.

On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of COVID-19 as a pandemic. In the early days of the
pandemic, various regulators introduced new measures or adjustments to respond to the evolving situation with the COVID-19
pandemic. Information on the impact of COVID-19 and certain other regulatory developments affecting Sun Life are described in our
2022 MD&A under the heading "Risk Management" and is incorporated herein by reference.

Canada
Regulation of Insurance Operations
SLF Inc. is incorporated under and governed by the Insurance Act. OSFI administers the Insurance Act and supervises the activities of
SLF Inc. SLF Inc. has all the powers and restrictions applicable to life insurance companies governed by the Insurance Act, which
permits insurance companies to offer, directly or through subsidiaries or networking arrangements, a broad range of financial
services, including:
     • Insurance and reinsurance;
     • Investment counselling and portfolio management;
     • Mutual funds and segregated funds;
     • Trust services;
     • Banking services;
     • Real property brokerage and appraisal; and
     • Merchant banking services.

The Insurance Act requires the filing of annual and other reports on the financial condition of insurance companies, provides for
periodic examinations of insurance companies' affairs, imposes restrictions on transactions with related parties, and sets out
requirements governing certain aspects of insurance companies' businesses.

OSFI supervises SLF Inc. on a consolidated basis to ensure that it has an overview of activities of SLF Inc. and its consolidated
subsidiaries. This consolidated supervision includes the ability to review insurance and non-insurance operations of SLF Inc. and
subsidiaries and supervisory power to bring about corrective action. OSFI has extensive powers to intervene in the affairs of
regulated insurance companies, including the power to request information or documents, to conduct investigations, to require that
appropriate actions are taken to address issues identified by OSFI and to levy fines. OSFI may intervene and assume control of an
insurance company governed by the Insurance Act if OSFI deems that the amount of the company’s available capital is not sufficient.
Investment Powers
Under the Insurance Act, a life insurance company must maintain a prudent portfolio of investments, subject to certain overall
limitations on the amount it may invest in certain classes of investments, such as commercial loans, real estate and stocks.
Additional restrictions (and, in some cases, the need for regulatory approvals) limit the type of investments which SLF Inc. can make
in excess of 10% of the voting rights or 25% of the equity of any entity, subject to certain available exceptions under the Insurance
Act.
Capital and Surplus Requirements
SLF Inc. and Sun Life Assurance, SLF Inc.’s principal operating life insurance subsidiary in Canada, are subject to OSFI’s LICAT capital
framework.

The LICAT Guideline uses a risk-based approach for measuring specific life insurer risks and for aggregating the results to calculate
the amount of a life insurer’s regulatory required capital to support these risks. LICAT measures the capital adequacy of an insurer
using a Total Ratio and a Core Ratio and is one of several indicators used by OSFI to assess an insurer’s financial condition. The Total
Ratio is the Available Capital plus Surplus Allowance and Eligible Deposits divided by a Base Solvency Buffer as described below.




Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                      22
                                                                                                          Annual Information Form 2022


The principal elements included in determining Qualifying Regulatory Available Capital ("Available Capital") under LICAT include
common shares, contributed surplus, retained earnings, the participating account, accumulated currency translation account,
unrealized gains and losses on available for sale equity and debt securities, qualifying preferred shares, innovative capital
instruments and subordinated debt.

The calculation of the Total Ratio takes into consideration other aspects of the balance sheet that are available as loss absorbing
capacity, including the Surplus Allowance and Eligible Deposits. The Surplus Allowance includes the provisions for adverse deviations
for non-economic and risk-free interest rate assumptions. The Eligible Deposits consist of the excess deposits held for unregistered
reinsurers and claims fluctuation reserves.

The Base Solvency Buffer includes five risk components: (1) credit risk, (2) market risk, (3) insurance risk, (4) segregated funds
guarantee risk, and (5) operational risk. Credits are available for: (1) qualifying in-force participating and adjustable products, (2)
other risk mitigation and risk transfer, and (3) risk diversification. The sum of the risk components, net of credits, are multiplied by
1.05 to arrive at the Base Solvency Buffer.

The LICAT Guideline sets a Supervisory Target Total Ratio of 100% and a minimum Total Ratio of 90%. The supervisory target
provides a cushion above the minimum requirements, provides a margin for other risks, and facilitates OSFI’s early intervention
process. The supervisory target is not applicable to regulated insurance holding companies and non-operating insurance companies.
The Company has established capital targets in excess of the supervisory target set by OSFI.
Restrictions on Dividends and Capital Transactions
The Insurance Act prohibits the declaration or payment of dividends on shares of an insurance company if there are reasonable
grounds for believing the company does not have, or the payment of the dividend would cause the company not to have, adequate
capital or liquidity, or upon any direction made by the Superintendent. The Insurance Act also requires that an insurance company
notify the Superintendent of the declaration of a dividend at least fifteen days before the dividend payment date.

The Insurance Act also prohibits the purchase for cancellation of shares issued by an insurance company or the redemption of
redeemable shares or other similar capital transactions, if there are reasonable grounds for believing that the company does not
have, or the payment would cause the company not to have, adequate capital or liquidity, or upon any direction made by the
Superintendent. Further, any redemption or purchase for cancellation of shares issued by an insurance company or similar capital
transactions are prohibited without the prior approval of the Superintendent.

On March 13, 2020, OSFI set the expectation for all federally regulated financial institutions that dividend increases and share
buybacks should be halted for the time being. On November 4, 2021, OSFI removed these restrictions.
Restrictions on Ownership
The Insurance Act contains restrictions on the purchase or other acquisition, issue, transfer and voting of the shares of an insurance
company. Pursuant to these restrictions:
     • No person is permitted to acquire any shares of SLF Inc. if the acquisition would cause the person to have a "significant
         interest" in any class of shares of SLF Inc., without the prior approval of the Minister of Finance of Canada;
     • SLF Inc. is not permitted to record any transfer or issue of shares of SLF Inc. if the transfer or issue would cause the person
         to have a significant interest in SLF Inc., unless prior approval is obtained from the Minister of Finance of Canada; and
     • No person who has a significant interest in SLF Inc. may exercise any voting rights attached to the shares held by that
         person, unless prior approval of the Minister of Finance of Canada is obtained.

A person has a significant interest in a class of shares where the aggregate of any shares of that class beneficially owned by that
person, any entity controlled by that person and any person acting jointly or in concert with that person exceeds 10% of all of the
outstanding shares of that class of shares.

Under the Insurance Act, the Minister of Finance of Canada may approve only the acquisition of a significant interest of up to 30% of
any class of non-voting shares and up to 20% of a class of voting shares, provided that the person acquiring those shares does not
have direct or indirect influence over SLF Inc. that, if exercised, would result in that person having control in fact of SLF Inc. In
addition, the Insurance Act prohibits life insurance companies, including SLF Inc., from recording a transfer or issuing shares of any
class to His Majesty in right of Canada or of a province, an agent of His Majesty, a foreign government or an agent of a foreign
government.

SLF Inc. is required to continue to control, but not wholly own, Sun Life Assurance. Any shares of Sun Life Assurance that are not
owned by SLF Inc. are required to meet the widely-held criteria (no individual may own more than 10% of any class of shares without
prior approval of the Minister of Finance of Canada). The 20% limit on voting share ownership and 30% limit on non-voting share
ownership apply to the direct and indirect cumulative ownership of Sun Life Assurance, with the effect that no single investor will be
able to use the holding company structure to exceed those ownership restrictions.



Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                      23
                                                                                                           Annual Information Form 2022


Appointed Actuary
In accordance with the Insurance Act, SLF Inc.'s Board has appointed a Fellow of the Canadian Institute of Actuaries as its "Appointed
Actuary". The Appointed Actuary must provide an opinion on:
• The value of the Company's consolidated policy liabilities as at the end of each fiscal period in accordance with accepted
     actuarial practice, including the selection of appropriate assumptions and methods;
• Whether the amount of policy liabilities makes appropriate provisions for all obligations to policyholders; and
• Whether the valuation of liabilities is fairly presented in the consolidated financial statements.

Regulations require that the Appointed Actuary meet with the Board or a delegated Committee of the Board at least once in each
financial year to report, in accordance with accepted actuarial practice, on the Company's financial position and its expected future
financial condition. The Appointed Actuary must report to the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of SLF Inc. any
matters that, in the Appointed Actuary's opinion, could have material adverse effects on the financial condition of SLF Inc.
Prescribed Supervisory Information
The Supervisory Information (Insurance Companies) Regulations made under the Insurance Act prohibit regulated insurance
companies, such as SLF Inc. and Sun Life Assurance, from disclosing, directly or indirectly, "prescribed supervisory information", as
defined in those Regulations. Prescribed supervisory information includes assessments, recommendations, ratings and reports
concerning a company made by or at the request of the Superintendent, orders of the Superintendent with respect to capital and
liquidity, certain regulatory actions taken with respect to a company, prudential agreements between a company and the
Superintendent, and directions of the Superintendent that a company cease or refrain from committing, or remedy, unsafe or
unsound practices in conducting its business.
Provincial/Territorial Insurance Regulation
In Canada, life insurance is also subject to provincial/territorial regulation and supervision in each province and territory in Canada.
Provincial/territorial insurance regulation is primarily concerned with market conduct matters, the rights and obligations under
insurance contracts, and the licensing and oversight of insurance intermediaries. In addition to those regulations, guidelines adopted
by the Canadian Life and Health Insurance Association ("CLHIA") govern several aspects of our business in Canada.

SLF Inc. is licensed as an insurance company in Canada under the Insurance Act and is the holding company for the Sun Life group of
companies. SLF Inc. is not licensed to carry on life insurance business in any province or territory in Canada.

Sun Life Assurance and Sun Life Insurance (Canada) Limited are licensed to carry on life insurance and accident and sickness
insurance business in each province and territory in Canada.
Regulation of Securities Operations
Several of SLF Inc.'s subsidiaries in Canada are registered with various Canadian Securities Administrators as dealers, advisors or
managers under one or more of the following categories of registration: mutual fund dealer, investment fund manager, commodity
trading manager, investment counsel/portfolio manager and exempt market dealer. These entities, their registered employees and
their products and/or services are regulated in Canada under provincial and territorial securities laws which are administered and
enforced by the various Canadian Securities Administrators, and certain entities are also subject to the rules of the applicable self-
regulatory organization, such as the Mutual Fund Dealers Association of Canada ("MFDA") for mutual fund dealers, and effective
January 1, 2023, the New Self-Regulatory Organization of Canada ("New SRO") resulting from the amalgamation of the MFDA and
the Investment Industry Regulatory Organization of Canada ("IIROC"). These entities may be subject to examinations or proceedings
by the various Canadian Securities Administrators and self-regulatory organizations. These examinations or proceedings could
subject our registered subsidiaries to a range of regulatory sanctions, including censure, limitations on the registrant's activities, and
termination of registration, and could subject these entities to a cessation of sales or the rescission of a sale of securities.
Client Protection for Financial Institution Failure
Sun Life Assurance’s Canadian policyholders are provided protection from an insolvency through Assuris, a not for profit organization
that is funded by its member insurance companies. Every life insurance company authorized to sell insurance policies in Canada is
required, by the federal, provincial and territorial regulators, to become a member of Assuris. Assuris provides separate protection
for individual, group, registered and non-registered, life insurance policies and annuity policies.

The MFDA Investor Protection Corporation ("IPC") provides Clients with protection, within defined limits, in the event of the
insolvency of their mutual fund dealer. The IPC is funded by its members, including Sun Life Financial Investment Services (Canada)
Inc. Effective January 1, 2023, the New SRO has consolidated the IPC and IIROC's Canadian Investor Protection Fund into a single
fund that will be independent of the New SRO and will be known as the Canadian Investor Protection Fund.

The Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation ("CDIC") is a federal crown corporation created to protect deposits made with member
financial institutions in case of their failure. CDIC member institutions, including Sun Life Financial Trust Inc., fund deposit insurance
through premiums paid on the insured deposits that they hold.



Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                    24
                                                                                                            Annual Information Form 2022


Other Regulatory Matters
Privacy of Client Information and Anti-Spam Legislation
Canadian federal, and some provincial, laws and regulations require organizations, including financial institutions, to protect the
security and confidentiality of Client information. This includes financial institutions notifying Clients about their policies and
practices relating to their collection, use and disclosure of Client information, including protection of that information. Requirements
also include an obligation to notify individuals and report to privacy regulators when there is a real risk of significant harm to
affected individuals resulting from a breach of security safeguards. In 2021, the Quebec government passed legislation that will
significantly alter privacy legislation by introducing new rights for individuals, additional obligations for organizations and expansive
enforcement powers and financial penalties for non-compliance. The Quebec privacy legislation will come into force over the next
three years with the majority of changes coming into force in September 2023. Canadian anti-spam legislation imposes certain
restrictions and formalities on the delivery of commercial electronic messages to existing and prospective Clients. This includes
obtaining consent from recipients and providing the ability to unsubscribe from subsequent messages.
Anti-Money Laundering Legislation
The Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act, Canada, contains measures to assist in detecting, deterring,
and facilitating the investigation of money laundering and terrorist financing offences. This legislation and the associated regulations
impose reporting, recordkeeping and "know your Client" obligations on SLF Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries.
Technology and Cybersecurity
In July 2022, OSFI issued Guideline B-13 on Technology and Cyber Risk Management. The Guideline applies to all federally regulated
financial institutions, including insurance companies, with the stated objective of helping institutions develop greater resilience to
technology and cyber risks and will come into effect on January 1, 2024.

United States
In the U.S., SLF Inc. does not carry on business and is not regulated as an insurance company. Sun Life Assurance and several indirect
U.S. subsidiaries of SLF Inc. carry on business and are regulated as insurance companies in the United States. Michigan is Sun Life
Assurance's "state of entry" and is treated as the state of domicile for Sun Life Assurance's U.S. branch (the "U.S. Branch"). The U.S.
Branch is licensed to transact business in every state in the United States except New York, plus in the District of Columbia, Puerto
Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands. SLF Inc.'s U.S. life and health insurance subsidiaries are, collectively, licensed to transact business in
all states, the District of Columbia, and Puerto Rico.

Certain U.S. subsidiaries of SLF Inc. (including DentaQuest and its subsidiaries) offer products and services to federal and state health
programs that are governed by federal law and subject to regulation by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services ("CMS").
The state health programs are also governed by state health care laws administered by state Medicaid agencies.

In addition, some of SLF Inc.'s U.S. subsidiaries (including MFS and its subsidiaries; Sun Life Capital Management (U.S.) LLC; BGO and
Crescent and certain of their respective subsidiaries; and some subsidiaries of InfraRed) and various contracts, policies and funds
issued, offered or managed by them are subject to regulation under federal securities laws administered by the SEC and under
certain state securities laws.
Regulation of Insurance Operations - State Level
In the United States, all states, the District of Columbia, and the U.S. territories and possessions have insurance laws that apply to
companies licensed to carry on an insurance business in the jurisdiction. The primary regulator of an insurance company, however, is
the state insurance department or equivalent body located in its state of domicile. Most jurisdictions have laws and regulations
governing the financial aspects of insurers, including standards of solvency, reserves, reinsurance, and capital adequacy, as well as
the business conduct of insurers. In addition, the laws of the various states provide state insurance regulators with broad
administrative powers to approve policy forms and related materials and approve rates for certain lines of insurance, grant and
revoke licenses to transact business, regulate trade practices, license agents, and require statutory financial statements. The primary
purpose of such regulation is the protection of policyholders and consumers, rather than shareholders.

The NAIC is the U.S. standard-setting and regulatory support organization created and governed by the chief insurance regulators
from the 50 states, the District of Columbia and five U.S. territories. Through the NAIC, state insurance regulators establish standards
and best practices, conduct peer review, and coordinate their regulatory oversight. NAIC members, together with the central
resources of the NAIC, form the national system of state-based insurance regulation in the United States.

The U.S. Branch and SLF Inc.'s U.S. life and health insurance subsidiaries are subject to the insurance holding company laws and
regulations in the states in which they are domiciled (or deemed to be commercially domiciled). Most states' insurance holding
company laws require each insurer that is domiciled therein and that is a member of a holding company system to register with the
insurance regulatory authority of that state and, annually, to furnish those authorities with reports that include information
concerning capital structure, ownership, financial condition, certain intercompany transactions, enterprise risk management and



Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                      25
                                                                                                         Annual Information Form 2022


general business operations. In addition, under most states' holding company laws, transactions within the holding company system
to which the domestic insurer is a party must be fair and equitable and the insurer's policyholder surplus following any such
transaction must be both reasonable in relation to its outstanding liabilities and adequate for its needs. Most states require prior
regulatory approval of the change of control of the domestic insurer or an entity that controls the domestic insurer and prior notice
or regulatory approval of certain intercompany transfers of assets or other material affiliate transactions to which a domestic insurer
is a party. Generally, under such laws, a state insurance authority must approve in advance the direct or indirect acquisition of 10%
or more of the voting securities of an insurance company domiciled in the state.

SLF Inc.'s U.S. captive insurance companies are subject to the laws and regulations applicable to captive insurers in their states of
domicile, as well as the terms of the business plans approved by, and the licensing orders issued by, the companies' domestic
regulators. Generally, a captive insurance company is required to seek regulatory approval prior to taking any action that would
deviate from the activities described in its approved business plan or specifically permitted by the licensing order issued by its
domestic regulator.

The U.S. Branch and SLF Inc.'s U.S. life and health insurance subsidiaries are required to file detailed annual and quarterly financial
statements with state insurance regulators in each of the states in which they are licensed, and their business and accounts are
subject to examination by such regulators at any time. Regulators have authority to limit or prohibit the ability to issue new policies
if, in their judgment, an insurer is not maintaining sufficient surplus or capital or if the further transaction of business would be
detrimental to policyholders.

As part of their oversight process, state insurance departments conduct detailed examinations periodically (generally, every three-
to five-years) of the financial condition and market conduct of insurance companies domiciled in their states. The latest published
examination reports of the U.S. Branch and SLF Inc.'s U.S. life and health insurance companies did not raise any material issues or
adjustments. In addition to the periodic examinations, states will on occasion perform targeted market conduct reviews that may
cover, among other things, content of disclosures, advertising, sales practices and complaint handling. Examinations are periodically
conducted, in cooperation with the departments of other states, under guidelines published by the NAIC.
Restrictions on Dividends
The amount of dividends that an insurance company may pay to its parent without prior regulatory approval is regulated under the
U.S. state insurance holding company laws and regulations and under the terms of licensing orders issued by various states.
NAIC IRIS Ratios
The NAIC has developed a set of financial relationships or "tests" known as the Insurance Regulatory Information System ("IRIS") to
assist state regulators in monitoring the financial condition of insurance companies and identifying companies that may require
special attention or action by insurance regulatory authorities. A second set of confidential ratios, called the Financial Analysis
Solvency Tracking System, is also used for monitoring. Insurance companies generally submit data to the NAIC, which in turn
analyzes the data using prescribed financial data ratios, each with defined "usual ranges". Having ratios that fall outside the usual
range does not necessarily indicate that a company experienced unfavourable results. Generally, if four or more of an insurance
company's ratios fall outside the usual ranges, regulators will begin to investigate or monitor the company. Regulators have the
authority to impose remedies with various degrees of supervision, ranging from increased monitoring to certain business limitations.
For the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2021, the most recent period for which results are available, SLF Inc.'s U.S. life
and health insurance subsidiaries were within the usual ranges for most of the IRIS ratios. The U.S. Branch had two ratios outside of
the usual ranges, which was anticipated in connection with certain planned transactions that were reported to or approved by state
regulators as required. The ratios that were outside the usual ranges did not indicate any adverse solvency issues.
Risk-based Capital Ratio Requirements
All states have risk-based capital ("RBC") ratio requirements for insurance companies. The NAIC RBC system was created to provide a
capital adequacy standard that is related to risk, raises a safety net for insurers, is uniform among the states, and provides regulatory
authority for timely action. The RBC system requires an insurer to calculate a minimum amount of capital that it must maintain to
support the various risks to which it is exposed. A separate factor is used across each major risk category, and may vary by primary
insurance type. RBC focuses on the material risks that are common for the particular insurance type. For life and health insurance,
RBC considers investment risk, insurance risk, interest rate risk, and other market and business risks, by applying factors to various
amounts presented in the company's statutory financial statements. The RBC framework was updated in 2022 to introduce more
granular charges associated with mortality risk in the RBC formula for life insurers. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the RBC
ratios for the U.S. Branch and SLF Inc.'s U.S. life and health insurance subsidiaries are expected to exceed the levels under which any
remedial or regulatory action would be required.
Statutory Reserves
State insurance laws require life and health insurance companies to analyze the adequacy of their reserves annually. The appointed
actuary for the U.S. Branch and SLF Inc.'s other U.S. life and health insurance subsidiaries must submit an opinion that such reserves,
when considered in light of the assets held with respect to those reserves, make adequate provision for the associated contractual




Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                   26
                                                                                                         Annual Information Form 2022


obligations and related expenses of the U.S. Branch and each of SLF Inc.’s life and health insurance subsidiaries. If such opinion
cannot be provided, the affected insurer must set up additional reserves.

Under NAIC rules, life and health insurance companies must maintain an asset valuation reserve ("AVR"), which is a provision for
potential asset credit defaults. The size of the AVR depends upon the composition and results of a company’s investment portfolio.
These reserves are recorded for purposes of statutory accounting practices; they are not recorded under the provisions of IFRS and
therefore have no impact on SLF Inc.'s reported results of operations or financial position. The AVR affects the determination of
statutory surplus, and changes in such reserves may affect the ability of SLF Inc.'s U.S. life and health insurance subsidiaries to pay
dividends or other distributions to their respective parents and also may affect the amounts required to be maintained in trust by
the U.S. Branch (see discussion below under Minimum Statutory Surplus and Capital).
Minimum Statutory Surplus and Capital
The U.S. Branch and SLF Inc.'s U.S. life and health insurance subsidiaries are required to have minimum statutory surplus and capital
of various amounts, depending on the states in which they are licensed and the types of business that they transact.

The U.S. Branch is required to maintain a certain amount of assets in trust with a financial institution acceptable to the Director of
Michigan's Department of Insurance and Financial Services (the "Michigan Director") in an amount at all times at least equal to the
sum of the U.S. Branch's reserves and other liabilities, the minimum required capital and surplus, and any additional amounts
considered necessary by the Michigan Director to cover the U.S. Branch's liabilities. Generally, these assets are available only to
meet the obligations of Sun Life Assurance to its U.S. policyholders, claimants and other U.S. Branch creditors. Amendments to the
trust agreement must be approved by the Michigan Director. As at December 31, 2022, the U.S. Branch had assets in trust in excess
of Michigan’s requirements.
Investments of Insurance Companies
The U.S. Branch and SLF Inc.'s other U.S. life and health insurance subsidiaries are subject to state laws and regulations that require
diversification of their investment portfolios and limit the amount of investments in certain investment categories such as below-
investment-grade fixed income securities, equity real estate, foreign investments and equity investments. Failure to comply with
these laws and regulations would cause investments exceeding regulatory limits to be treated as non-admitted assets for purposes
of measuring surplus and, in some instances, would require divestiture of such non-qualifying investments.
State Guaranty Association Assessments
All states, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico require insurers to participate in the local insurance guaranty association. The
association may levy assessments for policyholder losses incurred by impaired or insolvent insurers. Generally, assessments up to
certain prescribed limits are based upon the proportionate share of premiums written by member insurers in the lines of business in
which the impaired or insolvent insurer is engaged. A large part of the assessments paid by SLF Inc.'s U.S. insurance subsidiaries
pursuant to these laws may be used as credits for a portion of its U.S. premium taxes.
Regulation of Insurance Operations - Federal Level
Although the U.S. federal government does not directly regulate the insurance business, federal legislation and administrative
policies in several areas apply to the conduct of the insurance business, including age and sex discrimination, investment company
regulation, financial services regulation, health care regulation, foreign corrupt practices regulation and federal taxation. For
example, the U.S. Congress has, from time to time, considered legislation related to limitations on antitrust immunity and the
alteration of the federal income tax structure.

DentaQuest and certain other U.S. subsidiaries of SLF Inc. administer dental and vision benefits for federal and state health programs
that are governed by federal law, including Medicaid and Children’s Health Insurance programs, Medicare Advantage plans, and
offerings on federal and state exchanges under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. CMS is the U.S. federal agency that
regulates each of these programs. Each U.S. state administers its own Medicaid program and has its own laws and regulations in
place. The exchange in each state is operated by CMS, a state agency, or a partnership between the two.
Regulation of Securities Operations
The investment management activities of SLF Inc.'s U.S. subsidiaries are subject to federal and state laws and regulations in the
jurisdictions where they conduct business. MFS and certain of SLF Inc.'s other U.S. subsidiaries are registered as investment advisers
under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the "Advisers Act"), which imposes various obligations on registered
investment advisers, including fiduciary duties, and disclosure, operational, recordkeeping and reporting requirements.

Several of SLF Inc.'s U.S. subsidiaries issue or have issued products that are registered with the SEC as investment companies under
the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act") and which issue securities that are registered under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "1933 Act"). Certain of SLF Inc.'s U.S. subsidiaries provide investment management services
to affiliated funds, which similarly are registered as investment companies under the 1940 Act and which issue securities that are
registered under the 1933 Act. The 1940 Act and the 1933 Act impose various obligations on registered investment companies and




Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                 27
                                                                                                          Annual Information Form 2022


with respect to the securities that they issue, including disclosure, operational, recordkeeping and reporting requirements and, in
the case of the 1940 Act, prohibitions or restrictions on certain transactions with affiliates.

Registered investment companies and investment advisers are regulated by and subject to examination by the SEC. The SEC is
authorized to institute proceedings and impose sanctions for violations of the U.S. federal securities laws. Failure to comply with
applicable securities laws could subject SLF Inc.'s investment companies and investment adviser subsidiaries to a range of regulatory
sanctions, including censure, limitations on the registrant's activities, and termination of registration, and could subject its registered
investment companies to a cessation of sales or rescission of securities sold.

To the extent that any products are deemed to be securities under U.S. federal or state securities laws, they are qualified for sale as
needed in certain states in the United States and the District of Columbia. Marketing and sales of securities products are subject to
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "1934 Act"), and regulations promulgated by the Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority ("FINRA").

Certain of SLF Inc.'s U.S. subsidiaries are registered as broker-dealers under the 1934 Act and are subject, for example, to the SEC's
net capital rules, and are members of, and subject to regulation by FINRA. Certain other U.S. subsidiaries of SLF Inc. are registered as
transfer agents under the 1934 Act.

MFS, BGO, Crescent and InfraRed also conduct business in the European Union ("EU") that is also subject to securities laws and
regulations. The revised Markets in Financial Instruments Directive and Regulation ("MiFID II") became effective on January 3, 2018
and applies across the EU and member states of the European Economic Area ("EEA"). Some of the main changes introduced under
MiFID II include applying enhanced disclosure requirements, enhancing conduct of business and governance requirements,
broadening the scope of pre and post trade transparency, increasing transaction reporting requirements, transforming the
relationship between Client commissions and research, and further regulation of trading venues. Implementation of MiFID II has had
a significant impact on both the structure and operation of EU financial markets. In response to MiFID II, MFS is paying for all
external investment research for all clients (including non-European clients).
Other U.S. Regulatory Matters
U.S. Taxation
The Inflation Reduction Act ("IRA") was enacted on August 16, 2022 and includes provisions enacting a 15% corporate alternative
minimum tax ("CAMT") that applies to certain corporations for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022. The Treasury/IRS is
expected to continue issuing substantial guidance related to these legislative changes in the coming months. We are in the process
of evaluating the potential impact of the CAMT and other significant provisions of the IRA on our tax expense in the U.S., and will
continue to do so as the Treasury/IRS continues to issue such guidance.
The Dodd-Frank Act
The Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act ("Dodd-Frank Act"), which was signed into law in July 2010, enacted numerous
legal and regulatory changes for the financial services industry, which have been gradually implemented over the ensuing years.

The Dodd-Frank Act mandated the U.S. federal regulation of the over-the-counter ("OTC") derivatives market and granted new joint
regulatory authority to the SEC and the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission ("CFTC") over OTC derivatives. The SEC and
CFTC have promulgated rules to implement the Dodd-Frank Act's requirements, and certain of Sun Life's derivatives operations have
become subject to, among other things, new recordkeeping, reporting and documentation requirements. In addition, certain non-
cleared derivatives entered into as part of Sun Life’s derivatives operations are subject to two-way variation and, with certain of Sun
Life’s derivatives counterparties, initial margin requirements. These margining requirements may increase the cost, and reduce the
availability of, non-cleared derivatives. Collectively, the Dodd-Frank Act requirements, and the requirements of similar legislation
that has been promulgated by Canadian and European regulators, have increased the direct and indirect costs of the Company's
hedging and related activities and will likely increase them further in the future.
LIBOR
LIBOR and other Interbank Offer Rates ("IBORs") measure the average cost that banks pay to borrow from each other on an
unsecured basis on a short-term basis. They are commonly used as a benchmark or reference rate for certain financial products and
contracts, including Sun Life’s derivatives, loans and floating rate securities investments (collectively, the "Investments") that are
LIBOR or IBOR-based.

On March 5, 2021, the ICE Benchmark Administration ("IBA") (the entity that is responsible for calculating LIBOR) announced its
intention to cease the publication of (a) the one-week and two-month US dollar LIBOR settings, as well as all GBP, EUR, CHF and JPY
LIBOR settings, immediately following the LIBOR publication on December 31, 2021, and (b) the remaining US dollar LIBOR settings,
immediately following the LIBOR publication on June 30, 2023. On the same day, the UK Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA")
confirmed that all 35 LIBOR settings will be discontinued or declared non-representative as of the dates set out above.




Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                   28
                                                                                                        Annual Information Form 2022


On October 20, 2021, the prudential regulators in the United States issued a joint statement emphasizing the expectation that
supervised institutions with LIBOR exposure continue to progress toward an orderly transition away from LIBOR, reiterating that
supervised institutions should, with limited exceptions, cease entering into new contracts that use US dollar LIBOR as a reference
rate no later than December 31, 2021. The joint statement also provided considerations when assessing the appropriateness of
alternative reference rates used in lieu of LIBOR, and the expectation that new or updated LIBOR contracts provide for the use of a
strong and clearly defined fallback rate when the initial reference rate is discontinued. The Alternative Reference Rates Committee
("ARRC") of the Federal Reserve Board has identified the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") as the replacement rate for US
dollar LIBOR. The ARRC has also developed industry specific fallback language that may be used by market participants for contract
remediation in order to address the transition from US dollar LIBOR to SOFR.

The federal Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act ("LIBOR Act") was signed into law on March 15, 2022. This legislation, which
supersedes similar laws that were previously passed by several states, provides a statutory fallback mechanism on a nation-wide
basis to replace US dollar LIBOR with a benchmark rate, selected by the Federal Reserve Board and based on SOFR, for certain
contracts that reference US dollar LIBOR and contain no or insufficient fallback provisions. A final rule that implements the LIBOR Act
was adopted by the Federal Reserve Board on December 16, 2022. The LIBOR Act and final Federal Reserve Board rule could apply to
certain of Sun Life’s investments that reference US dollar LIBOR to the extent that they do not have adequate fallback provisions
after June 30, 2023.

Similar benchmark reform is also underway in several other countries, where regulators and industry groups (including the Canadian
Alternative Reference Rate Working Group ("CARR") in Canada and the Working Group on Risk-Free Reference Rates for the Euro
Area in the European Union) have identified, and are facilitating the transition to, alternative secured or unsecured (depending upon
the jurisdiction) "risk free" transaction-based rates. For example, in Canada, on June 22, 2021, OSFI, consistent with international
efforts, outlined its expectations of federally regulated financial institutions as they transition away from LIBOR, including ceasing
the use of US dollar LIBOR settings as soon as possible and not entering into transactions using LIBOR as a reference rate after
December 31, 2021, prioritizing system and model updates to accommodate "risk-free" rates, and the need to have an adequate
contingency plan to respond to potential issues that may emerge at LIBOR's cessation. Also, on May 16, 2022, Refinitiv Benchmark
Services (UK) Limited announced that it will cease the publication of the Canadian Dollar Offered Rate ("CDOR") after June 28, 2024,
and set in motion the expected transition to the Canadian Overnight Repo Rate Average. In the UK, the FCA is working with market
participants to facilitate the transition from GBP LIBOR to the Sterling Overnight Index Average and, on September 29, 2022, it
announced that the one-and six-month synthetic sterling LIBOR settings will cease to be published after March 1, 2023. On
November 23, 2022, the FCA announced that the three-month synthetic sterling LIBOR setting will cease to be published after
March 31, 2024, and that it is proposing to require the IBA to publish one-, three- and six-month synthetic US dollar LIBOR settings
until September 30, 2024.

It is difficult to fully predict the effect of the benchmark reform that is taking place in the United States and elsewhere. Uncertainty
relating to the transition to alternative rates, the use of ARRC or other fallback language, and other factors relating to reform may
adversely affect our operations and cash flows and the value of and return on our Investments that are LIBOR or IBOR-based.
Accordingly, Sun Life continues to implement a comprehensive enterprise-wide program that is focused on ensuring an effective and
smooth transition away from LIBOR and other IBORs.
Cybersecurity and Privacy of Client Information
U.S. regulators at the federal and state level are increasing their focus on cybersecurity. In particular, the New York Department of
Financial Services has adopted regulations designed to enhance cybersecurity controls of financial institutions, and the Department
includes cybersecurity programs within the scope of examination. The NAIC has developed a model cybersecurity regulation based
on New York's rule and multiple states have adopted similar measures. These regulations require licensees, including SLF Inc.’s U.S.
insurance subsidiaries, to implement risk-based information security programs; establish detailed procedures for investigating
cybersecurity events, assessing risk, and overseeing third-party service providers; and comply with increased regulatory reporting
requirements.

In addition, U.S. federal and state laws require financial institutions, including insurers, investment companies and investment
dealers, to protect the security and confidentiality of Client information and to notify Clients about the institution’s policies and
practices relating to its collection, use and disclosure of client information. The State of California has enacted legislation and
proposed regulations designed to enhance consumer privacy rights, and other states have enacted similar consumer focused privacy
laws. These laws and regulations will significantly change data privacy requirements in the U.S., impose greater penalties for non-
compliance, and provide for consumer rights to access, delete and correct their personal information and private rights of action.

These laws and regulations will also increase the costs and compliance obligations associated with the Company’s information
security and administration activities.
The USA PATRIOT Act of 2001
The USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 (the "PATRIOT Act") seeks to promote cooperation among financial institutions, regulators and law
enforcement agencies in identifying parties that may be involved in terrorism, money laundering or other illegal activities.


Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                 29
                                                                                                            Annual Information Form 2022


Regulations applicable to the insurance industry require insurance companies issuing "covered products" to implement anti-money
laundering programs and file suspicious activity reports with the U.S. Treasury Department. SLF Inc.'s U.S. subsidiaries that issue
covered products and its U.S. broker-dealer subsidiaries have implemented anti-money laundering programs to comply with the
PATRIOT Act regulations and with the Office of Foreign Assets Control requirements with respect to anti-terrorist financing.
Paid Family and Medical Leave
A growing number of states have passed or are considering mandated paid family and medical leave ("PFML") programs. These
programs generally provide partial income protection for an employee who is unable to work on account of his or her own serious
health condition or for various family care reasons. There are a number of PFML proposals at the federal level as well. While PFML
programs overlap with short term disability coverage and, as a result, could have a negative impact on the short term disability
marketplace in which the U.S. Branch and SLF Inc.’s U.S. life and health subsidiaries operate, these programs also offer an
opportunity for insurers to build new products to serve an emerging market.

United Kingdom
SLF Inc. does not carry-on business and is not regulated as an insurance or asset management company in the UK. However, it is the
indirect owner of Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada (U.K.) Limited ("SLOC UK") through Sun Life UK, which is authorized and
regulated as an insurance company in the UK, and subject to the Solvency II insurance regime. Insurance supervision in the UK is
performed by two financial services regulators, the Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") and the Prudential Regulation Authority
("PRA"). In addition, there are several other UK regulatory bodies of financial services with whom SLOC UK is required to maintain
compliance.

Following the end of the transitional phase of the UK's withdrawal from the EU on December 31, 2020, SLOC UK continues to be
subject to the Solvency II regime. However, some of our policyholders continue to be residents of the EU and EEA jurisdictions. As
National Competent Authorities, individual EU and EEA regulators may seek additional returns from SLOC UK to meet their local
requirements regarding continuity of service to policyholders resident in their jurisdictions, although this has not been the case to
date.

On August 4, 2022, we entered into an agreement to sell Sun Life UK to Phoenix Group. The transaction is expected to close in the
first half of 2023, subject to regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions. For more details, see the heading "Three Year
History: Acquisitions, Disposals, and Other Developments" above.
Insurance Supervision and Regulation
The FCA's statutory and operational objectives are to protect consumers, ensure market integrity and promote effective
competition. The PRA's statutory objectives are to promote the safety and soundness of its regulated firms and to ensure
policyholders are appropriately protected. It also has a secondary objective to facilitate effective competition in the markets for
services provided by PRA-authorized firms.

Both the FCA and PRA adopt a principles rather than a rules-based philosophy to supervision. Within this approach, they use
judgment, are forward looking and focus on the issues that pose the greatest risks to their respective objectives. They aim to
supervise proportionately relative to the nature, scale and complexity of the business. Both regulators apply a harmonized approach
to their expectations of a firm's governance - the Senior Managers and Certification Regime - which places legally enforceable
requirements on designated individuals alongside a Conduct Rules regime that applies to most employees within the business.

Both the FCA and the PRA have extensive powers to intervene in the affairs of an authorized insurance company. These include the
power to fine an authorized company and to vary or cancel its permission to carry on regulated activities in the UK, to request
information or documents, to investigate the business of the company and to require the company to take appropriate actions to
satisfy required threshold conditions for authorization.

SLOC UK is regulated as a Standard Formula firm under Solvency II and carries out certain regulated activities in the UK in relation to
long-term contracts of insurance. It is required to meet certain Threshold Conditions and to conduct business in accordance with the
provisions set out in the FCA Handbook and the PRA Rulebook. Under these requirements, SLOC UK must maintain systems,
procedures and controls appropriate to the nature, scale and complexity of its business, to conduct its business with due regard to
the interests of its policyholders, and to treat them fairly. It is also required to hold capital appropriate to its risk profile, and report
to the regulator its ongoing compliance in that respect.

Solvency II also includes a group supervision requirement that applies to SLOC UK, its ultimate holding company (SLF of Canada UK
Limited), and a number of small, mostly inactive and un-regulated entities. SLF Inc. is excluded from the scope of group supervision
under the terms of a rule modification granted by the PRA which expires in November 2023. This group supervision regime also
places some firm-specific restrictions on dividend and capital transactions, in addition to the provisions of the Companies Act 2006
regarding the payment of dividends.




Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                      30
                                                                                                        Annual Information Form 2022


Financial Ombudsman Service
The Financial Ombudsman Service ("FOS") provides consumers with a free and independent service to resolve disputes between
consumers and financial services firms. The FOS is empowered to order firms to pay compensation for consumer losses and to take
steps to remedy a complaint.
Financial Services Compensation Scheme
The Financial Services Compensation Scheme provides for the protection of consumers who may be affected by the inability of
financial services companies who carry on regulated business in the UK to meet their liabilities.
The Pensions Regulator
The Pensions Regulator is the regulator of workplace pension schemes and has agreed a joint strategy with the FCA that aims to
deliver better outcomes for pension savers and those entering retirement.

Asia
Sun Life carries on business through subsidiaries, joint ventures or associates in the Philippines, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Vietnam,
India, China, Malaysia and Singapore. The operations of our subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates in Asia are subject to the local
regulatory and supervisory schemes in the jurisdictions in which they operate, which varies from country to country, but the
regulators typically grant (or revoke) licenses to operate and control the ability of a company to operate an insurance business in
that country.

In general, the applicable legislation in a particular country includes features governing the registration of agents, regulation of
product features and product approvals, asset allocation, minimum capital, the basis for calculating solvency and reserves, the
valuation of policyholder liabilities, conditions for outsourcing core and non-core functions, policyholder and investor protection,
change of directors or key management and money laundering, know-your-Client and terrorist financing requirements. Regulatory
authorities may also regulate affiliations with other financial institutions, shareholder structures and may impose restrictions on
declaring dividends and the ability to effect certain capital transactions and many jurisdictions require insurance companies to
participate in policyholder protection schemes.
Philippines
Our operations in the Philippines, established in 1895, distribute a diverse range of life insurance, asset management and investment
products and solutions largely through our career agency sales force and bancassurance channel, an asset management company
and an investment & trust company.

We offer individual and group life and health insurance products to individuals and businesses through our wholly-owned subsidiary,
Sun Life of Canada (Philippines), Inc. ("Sun Life Philippines"), and our joint venture with the Yuchengco Group, Sun Life Grepa
Financial, Inc. ("Sun Life Grepa"), in which we have a 49% ownership stake. In addition, we offer mutual funds and pre-need products
respectively through Sun Life Philippines’ wholly-owned subsidiaries, Sun Life Asset Management Company, Inc. ("Sun Life Asset
Management (Philippines)") and Sun Life Financial Plans Inc. ("SLFPI"). Trust and investment management solutions are provided
through Sun Life Investment Management and Trust Corporation ("SLIMTC"). There are no foreign ownership restrictions applicable
to life insurance, mutual funds, or pre-need and trust companies in Philippines.

Sun Life Philippines and Sun Life Grepa are life insurance companies incorporated in the Philippines and regulated by the Insurance
Commission. Sun Life Philippines offers individual and group life and health insurance products through its agency sales force,
brokers and fintech partners. Sun Life Grepa offers its individual and group life insurance products through an agency sales force and
through bancassurance distribution arrangements. The Insurance Commission supervises and regulates the operations of life, non-
life, and pre-need companies.

Life insurance companies in the Philippines are required at all times to maintain the minimum net worth requirements prescribed by
regulations. Current minimum net worth requirements are 1.3 billion Philippine Pesos ("Php"). In addition, life insurance companies
must maintain a minimum RBC ratio of 100% as prescribed in the Risk-Based Capital Framework. Insurance companies compliant
with the net worth requirements as of December 31, 2019 that are adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic are required to
comply with the Amended Risk Based Capital Framework and Revised Regulatory Intervention (RBC ratio). The Amended Risk Based
Capital Framework adopts a risk-based approach to solvency, including quantitative capital requirements, government and risk
management requirements, and disclosure requirements to encourage market discipline. The Revised Regulatory Intervention Ratio
provides for the corresponding regulatory action/response to specific levels of RBC ratios. Depending on the RBC ratio, the
regulatory response ranges from a required submission of linear extrapolations of the ratio for the next period to a take-over of the
insurance company by the Insurance Commission.

Sun Life Asset Management (Philippines) is a mutual fund manager and distributor regulated by the Securities and Exchange
Commission. SLFPI offers pension and education plans in the Philippines, and is regulated by the Insurance Commission.



Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                  31
                                                                                                         Annual Information Form 2022


SLIMTC is regulated by the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas and is licensed to provide trust and investment management services. It was
established to provide multi-strategy local and global portfolio management services and deliver superior risk-adjusted returns for
both individual and institutional investors in the Philippines.
Indonesia
In Indonesia, we offer individual life and health insurance, as well as creditor life insurance through our wholly-owned subsidiary, PT
Sun Life Financial Indonesia.

PT Sun Life Financial Indonesia is licensed to carry on life insurance business in Indonesia and can distribute life insurance products in
Indonesia. PT Sun Life Financial Indonesia can additionally manufacture and distribute sharia products in Indonesia through its sharia
business.

The Indonesian Financial Services Authorities (Otoritas Jasa Keuangan) ("OJK") is the regulator responsible for supervising and
regulating the financial service industries in Indonesia, including the insurance industry. The Indonesia Life Insurance Association
("AAJI") continues to act as a conduit between life insurers and the Ministry of Finance and the OJK in terms of the development of
new regulations and guidelines in relation to the life insurance sector. Life insurance sales forces (i.e. agents) are licensed by the
AAJI. The Indonesia Sharia Insurance Association acts in the similar capacity as AAJI in relation to the sharia insurance business. The
implementation of anti-money laundering controls in the insurance industry is also monitored by the Indonesian Financial
Transaction Reports and Analysis Center, in addition to it being under the general supervision of the OJK.

Life insurance companies in Indonesia are required to maintain a minimum solvency ratio of 120% of the minimum required capital
and must have minimum shareholder equity of 100 billion Indonesian Rupiah.

In October 2014, legislation was enacted in Indonesia that introduced significant changes to the insurance sector in Indonesia,
including establishing single presence requirements, establishing local ownership requirements to be prescribed by regulations,
establishing an insurance guarantee program, requiring that Shariah (Takaful) products are distributed through separate standalone
insurance companies ("Sharia Spin-off"), requiring the appointment of a controlling entity that will be responsible for losses of the
insurance company under its control and imposing stiffer penalties and sanctions for non-compliance. The Government Regulation
which regulates local and foreign ownership requirements was issued in April 2018 and since then a grandfathering provision has
been included to allow existing ownership by a foreign shareholder to be maintained (the "Grandfathering Provision"). The
Government Regulation on the foreign ownership requirement was amended in early 2020. The key amendments introduced
include: (1) an expansion of the applicability of the Grandfathering Provision for standalone sharia insurance companies established
in response to the Sharia Spin-off and (2) the removal of requirements for local shareholders in joint venture insurance companies to
participate in at least 20% of any capital injection, such that local shareholders are now only required to participate in an amount at
least proportionate to their current shareholdings.

All insurance companies with sharia business units were required to submit a Sharia Spin-off plan to the OJK for approval. PT Sun Life
Financial Indonesia's Sharia Spin-off plan was approved by the OJK in November 2020.
Vietnam
In Vietnam, we offer a diverse range of insurance, savings, investment and pension products through our wholly owned subsidiary
Sun Life Vietnam Insurance Company Limited ("Sun Life Vietnam"). There are no foreign ownership restrictions applicable to Sun Life
Vietnam, however, a transfer of 10% or more of the charter capital of any life insurer must be approved by the Ministry of Finance of
Vietnam ("MOF").

In June 2022, the Vietnam National Assembly adopted a new Law on Insurance Business (the "Law on Insurance Business 2022")
which has taken effect from January 1, 2023, with the exception of some requirements that have a transition period.

Insurance operations in Vietnam are mainly regulated by the MOF, which sets the standards on all insurance business matters,
including product approvals, limits on commission rates payable on insurance products, actuarial liability valuation, and solvency
requirements. Life insurers have responsibility for minimum legal capital of Vietnamese Dong ("VND") 600 billion and that a security
deposit equal to 2% of the legal capital be maintained at a commercial bank in Vietnam. Life insurers that sell pension products are
required to have a minimum legal capital of VND 800 billion. Life insurers that sell pension and unit-linked products are required to
have a minimum legal capital of VND 1,000 billion. The equity of the owner of a life insurer must not be lower than the required
minimum legal capital applicable to that insurer. A proposal to increase these requirements with respect to minimum legal capital
has been put forward under a draft decree of implementing regulations of the Law on Insurance Business 2022. The draft decree is
expected to come into effect in early 2023.

The required solvency margin is VND 300 billion over the minimum solvency margin for insurers selling pension, unit-linked and
universal life products. The MOF also requires life insurers to maintain: (a) minimum reserves; (b) for unit-linked policies, a minimum
solvency margin of 1.5% insurance reserves plus 0.3% of the sums at risk; (c) for universal life products and pension products, a
minimum solvency margin of 4% of insurance reserves plus 0.3% of the sums at risk; and (d) for other life insurance policies and


Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                  32
                                                                                                          Annual Information Form 2022


health policies, a minimum solvency margin of 4% of insurance reserves plus either (i) 0.1% of sums at risk for policies with a term of
five years or less, or (ii) 0.3% of the sums at risk for policies with a term over five years. Life insurers must also establish a reserve
fund to ensure their solvency. Life insurers are to deduct 5% of annual profit after-tax to set up a compulsory reserve fund, the
maximum of which is equal to 10% of the charter capital.

Sun Life Vietnam’s products are generally distributed through a career agency sales force, including individual agency, corporate
agency and bank partner, for individual Clients and through a corporate agency for corporate Clients. Sun Life Vietnam has an option
to contract with eligible insurance auxiliary service providers to support Sun Life Vietnam in selling Sun Life Vietnam's products to
Clients. The insurance auxiliary services include insurance consultation, insurance risk assessment, insurance calculation, insurance
loss assessment and insurance claim assistance.

Notably, the Law on Insurance Business 2022 allows 100% foreign ownership for onshore insurers and re-insurers. The Law on
Insurance Business 2022 also provides for a clearer regime for market participants (including Sun Life Vietnam) to provide insurance
services and products via online platforms, and introduces regulations on RBC in order to apply a RBC management model in the
Vietnamese insurance market. Accordingly, an insurer’s solvency will be conditional on, among other things, maintaining a capital
adequacy ratio based on the actual capital and the risk-based capital of the insurer. The risk-based capital will be determined based
on the size and quantification of the impacts of various groups of risks on the business activities of the insurer including: (i) insurance
risks, (ii) market risks, (iii) operational risks, (iv) other risks that have not been taken into account. The RBC regime is under
development by the MOF with international and market consultation to ensure its full implementation by January 1, 2028.
India
Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance Company Limited ("ABSLI") is our insurance joint venture with the Aditya Birla Group in India in which
we have a 49% stake. ABSLI provides a full range of individual and group insurance, savings and retirement products through a multi-
channel distribution network, including an agency sales force, bancassurance distribution, brokers and worksite marketing.

Insurance operations in India are regulated by the Insurance Regulatory & Development Authority of India ("IRDAI"), whose duties
include issuing certificates of registration to insurance companies, protecting the interests of policyholders, and regulating,
promoting and ensuring the orderly growth of the insurance industry. In recent years, a number of regulatory changes have been
introduced, affecting matters that include product design and structure including commissions, distribution, investments, expense
management, risk management, corporate governance, insurer's registration and grievance handling.

Life insurance companies in India are expected to maintain a Minimum Solvency Ratio (Total Assets Available for Solvency / Required
Solvency Margin) of 150% at all times, where the Required Solvency Margin is an amount calculated by applying specified factors to
reserves and amounts-at-risk. Life insurance companies are required to maintain their Available Solvency Margin at a level which is
not less than the greater of fifty per cent of the amount of minimum required capital and one hundred percent of Required Solvency
Margin. The Minimum Paid-up Capital for life insurers is INR 1 billion.

The Indian regulator has been actively engaging with insurers and other stakeholders to monitor and manage the ongoing effects of
COVID-19 pandemic on the insurance sector. The IRDAI is also keeping a close watch on COVID-19 death claims and has prescribed
measures to ensure prompt settlement of such claims to ensure that policyholder interests are not negatively impacted on account
of higher claims volume. The Indian regulator has also been actively engaging with insurers and other stakeholders to increase
insurance penetration and development of the insurance sector.

The foreign investment limit in the insurance sector in India is 74% of the equity share capital in an Indian insurance company, and is
subject to the additional requirement that a majority of its directors, a majority of its Key Management Persons, and at least one
among the Chairperson of its Board, its Managing Director and its CEO must be Resident Indian Citizens. In addition, prior approval is
required from the IRDAI for: (i) a sale of shares where the nominal value of the shares is over 1% of the paid-up equity share capital;
or (ii) a transfer of shares that will result in an increase in shareholdings beyond 5% of the paid-up equity share capital. Any foreign
investment in an Indian insurance company must comply with the pricing guidelines specified by the Reserve Bank of India.

The government of India, in consultation with the IRDAI, has issued a draft bill proposing various changes to the existing insurance
law framework, including solvency requirements applicable to insurance companies, and we are monitoring for potential impacts on
our operations.

Aditya Birla Sun Life Pension Management Limited ("ABSLPML") is a wholly owned subsidiary of ABSLI. ABSLPML’s business offers
pension solutions and acts as Pension Fund Manager under the National Pension Scheme Trust of the National Pension System
("NPS") to manage pension funds in the private sector according to the provisions of the NPS, the schemes, and the guidelines issued
by the Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority.

Mutual funds and portfolio management services in India are regulated by the guidelines and regulations issued by the Securities
and Exchange Board of India and various other applicable statutes.



Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                   33
                                                                                                        Annual Information Form 2022


We, along with Aditya Birla Capital Limited, are the promoters of Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited ("ABSLAMC"), an asset
management company in India in which we have a 36.49% stake. The equity shares of ABSLAMC are listed on the National Stock
Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited. ABSLAMC is the investment manager of Aditya Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund ("ABSLMF"), a
trust registered with the Securities and Exchange Board of India. ABSLAMC is also appointed as the investment manager for Venture
Capital Fund – Aditya Birla Real Estate Fund, Alternative Investment Funds and provides Portfolio Management Services. ABSLAMC
has also set up wholly owned subsidiaries in Singapore, Dubai and Mauritius.
China
Sun Life Everbright Life Insurance Company Limited is a domestically-invested life insurance company in China, in which we have a
24.99% ownership stake. It operates a multi-distribution model that combines a direct career agency, brokerage, group insurance
and bancassurance alliances to sell individual life and health insurance and savings products.

Sun Life Everbright Life Insurance Company Limited has a 99% ownership stake in Sun Life Everbright Asset Management Co., Ltd,
which carries on business in China as an insurance asset management company.

The insurance industry in China is regulated by the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission ("CBIRC"), which is a central
government agency under the State Council of the People’s Republic of China. The CBIRC has authority to: (i) issue regulatory rules
and other normative documents applicable to the insurance industry and insurance market participants to implement the relevant
laws and administrative regulations; (ii) review and approve the establishment, alteration and other significant matters of insurance
institutions (which generally include insurance group (holding) companies, insurance companies and insurance asset management
companies) and insurance intermediaries in China and, where applicable, their overseas activities (e.g., investment) and activities of
their overseas subsidiaries; (iii) review and approve the policy terms and premium rates for insurance products; (iv) formulate and
implement standards to measure and supervise the corporate governance, risk management, internal control, financial soundness,
capital sufficiency, solvency, operational compliance and information disclosure of insurance institutions; (v) require insurance
institutions to submit periodical and ad hoc reports concerning their business operations and condition of assets; and (vi) take
necessary regulation measures and impose corresponding regulatory sanctions (e.g. to order the suspension of all or part of an
insurance company's business, to restrict the exercise of a shareholder's rights if that shareholder fails to fulfill its obligations).

Currently, insurance companies established in China (including life insurance companies) are allowed to use their insurance funds
(including their capital funds, reserve funds, undistributed profits, various reserves and other funds, whether dominated in RMB or a
foreign currency) to invest in the following assets (subject to the satisfaction of conditions prescribed for each form of investment):
bank deposits, various negotiable securities (such as government bonds, corporate bonds, financial bonds, stocks, units of securities
investment funds), publicly offered infrastructure securities investment funds, security lending business, real estate, equity interest,
financial derivatives such as forwards, options and interest rate swaps (provided that investment in any financial derivatives must
not be speculative but be only intended for risk hedging and investment in offshore financial derivatives is subject to additional
requirements of the CBIRC), products of insurance asset management companies, certain qualified financial products (including
wealth management products, trust plans of assembled funds, debt-to-equity swap plans, credit asset backed securities, single asset
management plans and other products approved by CBIRC) of commercial banks, wealth management companies, trust companies,
financial asset investment companies, securities companies, securities asset management companies, securities investment fund
management companies and other financial institutions and other investment channels as approved by the State Council.

The minimum paid-up capital of an insurance company is RMB200 million (in cash only) and there are additional capital
requirements when additional branches are established.

Insurance asset management companies are also regulated by the CBIRC and may conduct the following businesses, among others:
(i) managing insurance funds entrusted to them by their clients (including but not limited to their shareholders and the insurance
companies controlled by their shareholders) and various assets generated therefrom; (ii) managing other funds (including basic
endowment insurance funds, social security funds, enterprise annuity funds, occupational annuity funds and other funds of domestic
and foreign qualified investors) and various assets generated therefrom; (iii) managing and utilizing their own funds in RMB or
foreign currencies; and (iv) maintaining an asset-backed security business and offering insurance asset management products.

The management and utilization of insurance funds by insurance asset management companies is subject to requirements and
limitations that are similar to those applicable to insurance companies. Currently, insurance asset management companies
established in China are allowed to use the entrusted insurance funds to invest in the following assets: bank deposits, government
bonds, financial bonds, stocks, security investment funds, financial products (including wealth management products, trust plans of
assembled funds, debt-to-equity swap plans, credit asset backed securities and other products approved by CBIRC), indirect equity
investments and real estate asset investments (other than real estate investments through equity holdings or direct ownership of
real estate assets) and other investment channels as approved by the State Council. Independent custodians are designated for
funds managed by insurance asset management companies and those custodians must be commercial banks or other financial
institutions that satisfy regulatory requirements. The registered capital of an insurance asset management company must not be less
than RMB100 million or the equivalent amount in a freely convertible foreign currency.



Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                 34
                                                                                                       Annual Information Form 2022


Insurance companies may, either by themselves or by entrusting qualified investment managers, use their insurance funds to make
investments, and such "qualified investment managers" include insurance asset management companies and their subsidiaries.
Insurance asset management companies are allowed to manage and utilize not only entrusted insurance funds, but also other
entrusted funds of non-insurance clients.

Insurance asset management companies are also allowed to carry out insurance asset management product business in accordance
with the CBIRC's rules and should complete the product issuance, registration, custody, transaction, settlement, information
disclosure and other processes via an asset registration and transaction platform as approved by the CBIRC. The CBIRC is responsible
for dynamically supervising the full process of the operation and management of such products and identifying the ultimate
investors (beneficiaries) and the underlying assets.

Effective January 1, 2020, the CBIRC lifted the previous 51% cap on foreign ownership in life insurance companies established in
China, which means that a foreign investor is now permitted to wholly own a life insurance company in China. In October 2019, the
CBIRC also implemented an amendment to the Administrative Regulations on Foreign-Invested Insurance Companies, which relaxes
market access by removing the requirement that a foreign insurance company must have engaged in insurance business for more
than 30 years and have maintained a representative office in China for at least two years before it can establish a foreign invested
insurance company in China, and allowing foreign insurance groups to invest in and establish an insurance company and other
overseas financial institutions to make investments in insurance companies.

Effective September 1, 2022, the Regulations on the Management of Insurance Asset Management Companies no longer include
restrictions on the shareholding ratio of foreign investors in insurance asset management companies.
Hong Kong
Our operations in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region offer a full range of products to address insurance and savings needs.
We offer individual life and health insurance, mandatory provident funds (the government-legislated pension system) and pension
administration to individuals and businesses through a career sales agency force and independent financial advisors.
Sun Life Hong Kong Limited is authorized by the Hong Kong Insurance Authority ("IA") under the Insurance Ordinance to carry on
certain classes of long-term business in or from Hong Kong. On June 26, 2017, the IA took over from the previous governmental
regulator, the Office of the Commissioner of Insurance, the functions of overseeing the authorization and regulation of insurance
companies in Hong Kong. On September 23, 2019, the IA took over the regulation of insurance intermediaries from the then existing
self-regulatory organizations through a new statutory licensing and intermediary supervision regime. The offer of our investment
linked insurance products, pooled retirement funds, approved pool investment funds, mandatory provident fund schemes and
occupational retirement schemes are also regulated by one or more of the financial services regulators, including the IA, the Hong
Kong Securities and Futures Commission and/or the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Authority. Our trustees and intermediaries
who administer and distribute these products, funds and schemes are also supervised and regulated by one or more of the above
regulators.
In Hong Kong, long-term insurance companies are required to maintain at all times a required solvency margin. Under the law, the
required solvency margin is the higher of $2 million Hong Kong dollars ("HKD") or the aggregate of two components: a percentage of
the mathematical reserves and a percentage of the capital at risk as prescribed under the Insurance (Margin of Solvency) Rules
(which is generally 4% of the mathematical reserves and 0.3% of the capital at risk). For a long-term insurer, under the law, the value
of its assets must be greater than the amount of its liabilities by at least the required solvency margin. The minimum paid-up capital
for insurers in Hong Kong is HKD$10 million. In practice, the actual capital requirement is much higher than what the law requires,
and will also depend on the business undertaken by the insurer. Despite the above, in practice, the IA will also impose additional
solvency requirements to ensure a sound and healthy insurance market.
Malaysia
Our operations in Malaysia offer individual and group insurance and takaful products through Sun Life Malaysia Assurance Berhad
("SLMA") and Sun Life Malaysia Takaful Berhad ("SLMT"), respectively, our joint ventures with Renggis Ventures Sdn. Bhd. (a
subsidiary of Khazanah Nasional Berhad), in which we have a 49% ownership stake in each company. SLMA has an exclusive
bancassurance agreement with CIMB Bank Berhad to distribute insurance products through its network across Malaysia, while SLMT
has an exclusive bancatakaful agreement with CIMB Islamic Bank Berhad to distribute takaful products through its network across
Malaysia. The companies have expanded their distribution channel to include other bancassurance and bancatakaful partners,
agency distribution, direct marketing, government and corporate business, telemarketing, online and telco-assurance.
The central bank of Malaysia, Bank Negara Malaysia ("BNM"), regulates entities carrying on the insurance and takaful business in
Malaysia and requires insurers and takaful operators to have a minimum paid-up capital of Ringgit Malaysia 100 million. BNM also
requires insurers and takaful operators to maintain a capital adequacy level that is commensurate with their risk profiles under the
risk-based capital frameworks and has set a minimum Supervisory Target Capital Level of 130%. Based on current Government
policy, there is a 70% limit on foreign equity ownership in insurance companies and takaful operators in Malaysia.




Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                35
                                                                                                         Annual Information Form 2022


Under the BNM's recent Discussion Paper on Risk-Based Capital Framework for Insurers and Takaful Operators (Framework Design)
issued on June 30, 2021, several enhancements have been proposed to the design of the capital adequacy framework for licensed
insurers and takaful operators ("ITO"). Feedback has been sought from ITOs and a quantitative impact study was performed in the
first half of 2022 to collect data for further analysis and refinement of the proposed new framework design. The form of and
implementation date for the revised framework is not yet certain.

In efforts to minimize the impact of disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, BNM has introduced various relief measures for
affected policyholders, including an option to defer payment of life insurance premiums and family takaful contributions for 3
months and this premium deferment assistance was available until December 31, 2021. BNM has also reduced the interest rate and
profit rate stress factor caps applied under the risk-based capital frameworks from 40% to 30% with effect from March 31, 2020 to
reflect the changes in the prevailing market conditions since the stress factors were set in 2009 ("Caps Reduction"). A COVID-19 test
fund of RM 10 million has been created to cover the costs incurred for the screening of COVID-19 by policyholders, although this
fund was fully utilized in May 2021. Other types of assistance provided to affected policyholders include extending the period during
which the policyholder can reinstate a policy that has been terminated due to non-payment of premium, providing options for policy
alterations, waiver of fees or charges for policy alterations, electronic payment alternatives and waiver of penalties for late payment
of premiums ("Assistance"). As BNM has not provided an update on the Caps Reduction and Assistance, it is unclear if these
measures continue to apply as of the date of this AIF.

Singapore
Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada Singapore Branch carries on an insurance business in Singapore, and is licensed as a Direct
Insurer (Life) with the Monetary Authority of Singapore ("MAS") pursuant to the Insurance Act 1966. The MAS is Singapore’s central
bank and integrated financial regulator regulating financial institutions, including insurance companies. The MAS has regulatory
authority for licensing and registration, business conduct, solvency and capital adequacy, and anti-money laundering matters
pertaining to insurance companies. In accordance with these laws, Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada Singapore Branch is
subject to the MAS’s supervisory and regulatory authority and is required to comply with all relevant laws and regulations.

Bermuda
Sun Life Assurance and certain SLF Inc. subsidiaries carry on insurance and investment business in or from Bermuda and are
regulated as insurance or investment companies, as the case may be, in that jurisdiction. The Bermuda Monetary Authority ("BMA")
is the primary regulator of domestic and international insurance and investment companies carrying on business in or from
Bermuda, and has regulatory authority for licensing and registration matters. The BMA has broad supervisory powers to regulate
licensees under the Insurance Act 1978 and the Investment Business Act 2003, and is also the designated supervisory authority over
the financial services industry in respect of Bermuda’s Proceeds of Crime Act anti-money laundering legislation. In accordance with
these and related laws, Sun Life Assurance and certain subsidiaries of SLF Inc. are subject to requirements governing their solvency,
financial reporting, privacy and data security and business conduct.

Other Jurisdictions
In each of the countries in which our other subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates operate, local regulatory authorities supervise
and monitor their business and financial condition. In a number of countries, certain insurance subsidiaries, joint ventures and
associates are required to meet specific minimum working and regulatory capital requirements. Certain of our subsidiaries (including
MFS, BentallGreenOak, InfraRed and/or their respective subsidiaries), joint ventures and associates, also conduct business in various
countries, including Japan and Australia, that are subject to applicable laws and regulations, which vary from country to country.


Risk Factors
This section provides a summary of some of the significant risks that could affect (and, in some cases, are affecting) our business,
reputation, financial condition or results of operations. As a large financial services organization operating in a complex industry, the
Company encounters a variety of risks and uncertainties. We face risks in formulating our business strategy and business objectives,
in carrying on our business activities in the pursuit of our strategy and objectives, and from external factors such as changes in the
economic, political, competitive, environmental, social and regulatory environments. We are subject to financial and insurance risks
that are connected to our liabilities and also in connection with the management and performance of our assets, including how we
match returns from assets with the payment of liabilities to our Clients. Each of these risks are also considered from the perspective
of different types of uncertainties under which either the outcomes and/or their probabilities of occurrence are unknown.
Uncertainty can exist around expected financial results and from volatility, trend and extreme events. In addition, risk correlation,
interconnected risks, terms of exposure and the risk horizon are important elements to consider while identifying risks.

These risk factors have been grouped as outlined in our Risk Management Framework into six major categories: market, insurance,
credit, business and strategic, operational and liquidity risks. Other risks, not specified below, may exist but are not considered to be
material at the present time may also impact our business in the future. This information should be considered carefully together




Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                  36
                                                                                                           Annual Information Form 2022


with other information in this AIF and in the 2022 MD&A, the 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements and other reports and
materials that we file with securities regulators.
These risks may occur independently or in combinations, and may occur simultaneously or in an environment where one or more
risks evolve rapidly. For example, a major pandemic could have a material adverse impact on mortality and morbidity claims
experience. Such an event may also trigger adverse global capital markets developments, including a downturn in equity market
levels and interest rates, increased market volatility and credit deterioration, and could also lead to operational risks such as
disruptions within the organization and in third party service arrangements or a government or regulatory response.
While a number of risks that are described below provide examples of inter-connectedness and relationships between risks, these
do not represent a complete inventory. It should be noted that these relationships can continue to develop and change over time,
and the combined adverse impact on our profitability, financial position, and reputation could be significantly greater than the sum
of the individual parts. Our assessment of the impact and probability of these risks changes over time.
A description of our risk management approach can be found under the heading Risk Management in our 2022 MD&A. Many of the
risk factors set out below contain forward-looking statements.

Market Risk
We are exposed to financial and capital market risk, which is defined as the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of an
insurance contract or financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes or volatility in market prices. Market risk includes equity,
interest rate and spread, real estate, foreign currency, and inflation risks.

Equity Risk
Equity risk is the potential for financial loss arising from declines or volatility in equity market prices. We are exposed to equity risk
from a number of sources. A portion of our exposure to equity risk arises in connection with benefit guarantees on segregated fund
products. These benefit guarantees may be triggered upon death, maturity, withdrawal or annuitization. The cost of providing these
guarantees is uncertain and depends upon a number of factors, including general capital market conditions, our hedging strategies,
policyholder behaviour and mortality experience, each of which may result in negative impacts on net income and capital.

While a large percentage of these segregated fund products are included in our hedging program, not all of this exposure is hedged.
For those contracts included in our hedging program, we generally hedge the value of expected future net claims costs and
associated margins, as we are primarily focused on hedging expected economic costs associated with providing the guarantees.
Since the value of benefits being hedged will generally differ from the financial statement value, this will result in residual volatility
to equity market shocks in net income and capital. The general availability and cost of these hedging instruments may be adversely
impacted by a number of factors, including changes in interest rates, increased volatility in capital markets and changes in the
general market and regulatory environment within which these hedging programs operate.

Our hedging programs may themselves expose us to other risks, including basis risk (i.e., the risk that hedges do not exactly replicate
the underlying portfolio experience), volatility risk, and increased levels of derivative counterparty credit risk, liquidity risk, model
risk and other operational risks. These factors may adversely impact the net effectiveness, costs, and financial viability of maintaining
our hedging programs and therefore adversely impact our profitability and financial position. While our hedging programs are
intended to mitigate these effects, residual risk and potential reported earnings and capital volatility remain. In addition, regulations
for over-the-counter derivatives could impose additional costs and could affect our hedging strategy. Hedge counterparty credit risk
is managed by maintaining broad diversification, dealing primarily with highly rated counterparties and transacting through over-
the-counter contracts cleared through central clearing houses, exchange-traded contracts or bilateral over-the-counter contracts
negotiated directly between counterparties that include applicable credit support annexes.

We generate revenue in our asset management businesses and from certain insurance and annuity contracts where fees are levied
on account balances that are affected directly by equity market levels. Accordingly, we have further exposure to equity risk as
adverse fluctuations in the market value of such assets will result in corresponding adverse impacts on our revenue and net income.
In addition, declining and volatile equity markets may have a negative impact on sales and redemptions (surrenders) in these
businesses, and this may result in further adverse impacts on our net income and financial position.

We also have direct exposure to equity markets from the investments supporting other general account liabilities, surplus, and
employee benefit plans. These exposures fall within our risk-taking philosophy and appetite, and are therefore generally not hedged.

Interest Rate and Spread Risk
Interest rate and spread risk is the potential for financial loss arising from changes or volatility in interest rates or spreads when asset
cash flows and the policy obligations they support are not matched. This may result in the need to either sell assets to meet policy
payments and expenses or reinvest excess asset cash flows in unfavourable interest rate or spread environments. The impact of
changes or volatility in interest rates or spreads is reflected in the valuation of our financial assets and liabilities for insurance
contracts.


Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                    37
                                                                                                          Annual Information Form 2022


Our primary exposure to interest rate and spread risk arises from certain general account products and segregated fund contracts
which contain investment guarantees in the form of minimum crediting rates, guaranteed premium rates, settlement options and
benefit guarantees. If investment returns fall below guaranteed levels, we may be required to increase liabilities or capital in respect
of these contracts. The guarantees attached to these products may be applicable to both past premiums collected and future
premiums not yet received. Segregated fund contracts provide benefit guarantees that are linked to underlying fund performance
and may be triggered upon death, maturity, withdrawal or annuitization. These products are included in our asset-liability
management program and the residual interest rate exposure is managed within our risk appetite limits.

Declines in interest rates or narrowing spreads can result in compression of the net spread between interest earned on investments
and interest credited to policyholders. Declines in interest rates or narrowing spreads may also result in increased asset calls,
mortgage prepayments, and net reinvestment of positive cash flows at lower yields, and therefore adversely impact our profitability
and financial position. Negative interest rates may additionally result in losses on our cash deposits and low or negative returns on
our fixed income assets impacting our profitability. In contrast, increases in interest rates or a widening of spreads may have a
material impact on the value of fixed income assets, resulting in depressed market values, and may lead to lower LICAT ratios or
losses in the event of the liquidation of assets prior to maturity.

Significant changes or volatility in interest rates or spreads could have a negative impact on sales of certain insurance and annuity
products, and adversely impact the expected pattern of redemptions (surrenders) on existing policies. Increases in interest rates or
widening spreads may increase the risk that policyholders will surrender their contracts, potentially forcing us to liquidate assets at a
loss and accelerate recognition of certain acquisition expenses. While we have established hedging programs in place and our
insurance and annuity products often contain surrender mitigation features, these may not be sufficient to fully offset the adverse
impact of the underlying losses.

We also have direct exposure to interest rates and spreads from investments supporting other general account liabilities, surplus
and employee benefit plans. Lower interest rates or a narrowing of spreads will result in reduced investment income on new fixed
income asset purchases. Conversely, higher interest rates or wider spreads will reduce the value of our existing assets. These
exposures fall within our risk-taking philosophy and appetite and are therefore generally not hedged.

We have implemented asset-liability management and hedging programs involving regular monitoring and adjustment of risk
exposures using assets, derivative instruments and repurchase agreements to maintain interest rate exposures within our risk
appetite. The general availability and cost of these hedging instruments may be adversely impacted by a number of factors including
changes in interest rates, increased volatility in capital markets, and changes in the general market and regulatory environment
within which these hedging programs operate. In particular, regulations for over-the-counter derivatives could impose additional
costs and could affect our hedging strategy. In addition, these programs may themselves expose us to other risks such as those
described under the heading Risk Factors - Market Risk - Equity Risk in this AIF.

A sustained low interest rate environment may adversely impact our earnings, regulatory capital requirements and our ability to
implement our business strategy and plans in several ways, including:
(i) Lower sales of certain insurance and wealth products, which can in turn pressure our operating expense levels;
(ii) Shifts in the expected pattern of redemptions (surrenders) on existing policies;
(iii) Higher new business strain reflecting lower new business profitability;
(iv) Reduced return on new fixed income asset purchases, and higher hedging costs;
(v) The impact of changes in actuarial assumptions;
(vi) Impairment of goodwill; and
(vii) Additional valuation allowances against our deferred tax assets.

We have taken various management actions to mitigate the risk of low levels of interest rates including changes in product mix,
product design and hedging activities. If low levels of interest rates continue to be persistent over an extended period of time, other
effects may also surface including changes in policyholder behaviour and actuarial assumptions prescribed by the regulating bodies.

Real Estate Risk
Real estate risk is the potential for financial loss arising from fluctuations in the value of, or future cash flows from, our investments
in real estate. We are exposed to real estate risk and may experience financial losses resulting from the direct ownership of real
estate investments or indirectly through fixed income investments secured by real estate property, leasehold interests, ground
rents, and purchase and leaseback transactions. Real estate price risk may arise from external market conditions, inadequate
property analysis, inadequate insurance coverage, inappropriate real estate appraisals, or from environmental risk exposures. We
hold real estate investments that support general account liabilities and surplus, and fluctuations in value will impact our
profitability and financial position. A material and sustained increase in interest rates may lead to deterioration in real estate values.




Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                   38
                                                                                                           Annual Information Form 2022


Foreign Currency Risk
Foreign currency risk is the result of mismatches in the currency of our assets and liabilities (inclusive of capital), and cash flows. This
risk may arise from a variety of sources such as foreign currency transactions and services, foreign currency hedging, investments
denominated in foreign currencies, investments in foreign subsidiaries and net income from foreign operations. Changes or volatility
in foreign exchange rates, including a change to currencies that are fixed in value to another currency, could adversely affect our
financial condition and results of operations.

As an international provider of financial services, we operate in a number of countries, with revenues and expenses denominated in
several local currencies. In each country in which we operate, we generally maintain the currency profile of assets to match the
currency of aggregate liabilities and required surplus. This approach provides an operational hedge against disruptions in local
operations caused by currency fluctuations. Foreign currency derivative contracts such as currency swaps and forwards are used as a
risk management tool to manage the currency exposure in accordance with our Asset Liability Management Policy. As at
December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company did not have a material foreign currency risk exposure on a functional
currency basis.

Changes in exchange rates can affect our net income and surplus when financial results in functional currencies are translated into
Canadian dollars. Net income earned outside of Canada is generally not currency hedged and a weakening in the local currency of
our foreign operations relative to the Canadian dollar can have a negative impact on our net income reported in Canadian currency.
A strengthening in the local currency of our foreign operations relative to the Canadian dollar would have the opposite effect.
Regulatory capital ratios could also be impacted by changes in exchange rates.

Inflation Risk
Inflation risk is the potential for financial loss arising from changes in inflation rates. This risk results from insurance contract
liabilities that are linked to market measures of inflation such as the Consumer Price Index. The primary sources for this risk
exposure are from certain group and retail annuity contracts and group long term disability contracts. In these contracts, the annuity
and disability benefit payments may be linked to an indexing formula containing an inflation price index. Benefit payments linked to
inflation indices may also include various caps, floors and averaging mechanisms that vary across product designs.

Exposure to inflation risk is managed within our asset-liability management program, primarily by investing in inflation linked assets
to match liability exposures. The resulting net income exposure to changes in inflation rates arising from benefit payments is not
material.
The impact of inflation on general account expenses is discussed in Risk Factors - Expense Risk in this Annual Information Form.

Insurance Risk
Insurance risk is the uncertainty of product performance due to actual experience emerging differently than expected in the areas of
policyholder behaviour, mortality, morbidity and longevity. In addition, product design and pricing, expense and reinsurance risks
impact multiple risk categories, including insurance risk.

Policyholder Behaviour Risk
We can incur losses due to adverse policyholder behaviour relative to the assumptions used in the pricing and valuation of products
with regard to lapse of policies or exercise of other embedded policy options.

Uncertainty in policyholder behaviour can arise from several sources including unexpected events in the policyholder's life
circumstances, the general level of economic activity (whether higher or lower than expected), changes in the financial and capital
markets, changes in pricing and availability of current products, the introduction of new products, changes in underwriting
technology and standards, as well as changes in our financial strength or reputation. Uncertainty in future cash flows affected by
policyholder behaviour can be further exacerbated by irrational behaviour during times of economic turbulence or at key option
exercise points in the life of an insurance contract.

Many of our products include some form of embedded policyholder option. These could range from simple options relating to
surrender or termination, to more complex options relating to payment of premiums or various other benefit and coverage
provisions. Changes in the relative frequency or pattern with which these options are elected (relative to those assumed in the
pricing and valuation of these options) could have an adverse impact on our profitability and financial position.

Systemic forms of policyholder behaviour risk could also arise with the development of investor-owned and secondary markets for
life insurance policies.




Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                     39
                                                                                                           Annual Information Form 2022


Mortality and Morbidity Risk
Mortality and morbidity risk is the risk that future experience could be worse than the assumptions used in the pricing and valuation
of products. Mortality and morbidity risk can arise in the normal course of business through random fluctuation in realized
experience, through catastrophes, as a result of a pandemic, or in association with other risk factors such as product development
and pricing or model risk. Adverse mortality and morbidity experience could also occur through systemic anti-selection, which could
arise due to poor plan design, or underwriting process failure or the development of investor-owned and secondary markets for life
insurance policies.

External factors could adversely affect our life insurance, health insurance, critical illness, disability, long-term care insurance and
annuity businesses. Morbidity experience could be unfavourably impacted by external events, such as pandemics, increases in
disability claims during economic slowdowns and increases in high medical treatment costs and growth in utilization of specialty
drugs. This introduces the potential for adverse financial volatility in our financial results.

Mortality and morbidity concentration risk is the risk of a catastrophic event, such as natural environmental disasters (for example,
earthquakes), human-made disasters (for example, acts of terrorism, military actions, and inadvertent introduction of toxic elements
into the environment) as well as epidemics that could occur in geographic locations where there is significant insurance coverage.
Certain factors could adversely affect our mortality or morbidity experience relative to the assumptions used in the pricing and
valuation of products, leading to a material adverse effect on our profitability and financial position.

Current legislation restricts insurers from requiring Clients to take or release the results of genetic tests. If Clients have access to the
results of genetic tests and we do not, this creates asymmetry of information between Clients and insurers, which could adversely
impact mortality and morbidity experience and policyholder behaviour. This asymmetry of information may increase as genetic
testing advances and becomes more accessible, giving rise to better diagnoses of conditions where treatments are expensive or non-
existent. The asymmetry of information may lead to increased anti-selection in new business underwriting. There may also be an
impact on policy lapse rates where adverse genetic testing results may motivate Clients to retain their policies resulting in higher
claims payouts than assumed in the pricing and valuation of products, as well as increased insurance rates which may result in loss of
new and existing Clients.

Longevity Risk
Longevity risk is the potential for economic loss, accounting loss or volatility in earnings arising from adverse changes in rates of
mortality improvement relative to the assumptions used in the pricing and valuation of products. This risk can manifest itself slowly
over time as socioeconomic conditions improve and medical advances continue. It could also manifest itself more quickly, for
example, due to medical breakthroughs that significantly extend life expectancy. Longevity risk affects contracts where benefits or
costs are based upon the likelihood of survival and higher than expected improvements in policyholder life expectancy could
therefore increase the ultimate cost of these benefits (for example, annuities, pensions, pure endowments, reinsurance, segregated
funds, and specific types of health contracts). Additionally, our longevity risk exposure is increased for certain annuity products such
as guaranteed annuity options by an increase in equity market levels.

Many of our products provide benefits over the policyholder's continued lifetime. Higher than expected improvements in
policyholder life expectancy could therefore increase the ultimate cost of these benefits, thereby requiring strengthening of
policyholder liabilities and resulting in reductions in net income and capital. For longevity risks, external factors including medical
advances could adversely affect our life insurance, health insurance, critical illness, disability, long-term care insurance and annuity
businesses.

Product Design and Pricing Risk
Product design and pricing risk is the risk a product does not perform as expected, causing adverse financial consequences. This risk
may arise from deviations in realized experience versus assumptions used in the pricing of products. Risk factors include uncertainty
concerning future investment yields, policyholder behaviour, mortality and morbidity experience, sales levels, mix of business,
expenses and taxes. Although some of our products permit us to increase premiums or adjust other charges and credits during the
life of the policy or contract, the terms of these policies or contracts may not allow for sufficient adjustments to maintain expected
profitability. This could have an adverse effect on our profitability and capital position.

Products that offer complex features, options or guarantees require increasingly complex pricing models, methods or assumptions,
leading to additional levels of uncertainty. The risk of mis-pricing increases with the number and inherent uncertainty of
assumptions needed to model a product. Past experience data supplemented with future trend assumptions may be poor predictors
of future experience. Lack of experience data on new products or new Client segments increases the risk that future actual
experience unfolds differently from expected assumptions. External environmental factors may introduce new risk factors, which
were unanticipated during product design, and have an adverse result on the financial performance of the product. Policyholder
sophistication and behaviour in the future may vary from that assumed at the time the product is designed, thereby adversely
affecting the product's financial performance.


Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                      40
                                                                                                           Annual Information Form 2022


Expense Risk
Expense risk is the risk that future expenses are higher than the assumptions used in the pricing and valuation of products. This risk
can arise from general economic conditions, unexpected increases in inflation, slower than anticipated growth, or reduction in
productivity leading to increases in unit expenses. Expense risk occurs in products where we cannot or will not pass increased costs
onto the Client and will manifest itself in the form of a liability increase or a reduction in expected future profits.

From time to time, certain products or business segments may be closed for new sales (for example variable annuities in our
international business in the Asia pillar, our business in the UK and our individual insurance business in the U.S.). Our ability to
effectively manage the run-off of business in these products or business segments introduces additional risks, such as policyholder
behaviour and expense risk that may have an adverse effect on our operations, profitability and financial position.

Reinsurance Risk
We purchase reinsurance for certain risks underwritten by our various insurance businesses. Reinsurance risk is the risk of
financial loss due to adverse developments in reinsurance markets (for example, discontinuance or diminution of reinsurance
capacity, or an increase in the cost of reinsurance), insolvency of a reinsurer or inadequate reinsurance coverage.

Changes in reinsurance market conditions, including actions taken by reinsurers to increase rates on existing and new coverage
and our ability to obtain appropriate reinsurance, may adversely impact the availability or cost of maintaining existing or
securing new reinsurance capacity, with adverse impacts on our business strategies, profitability and financial position. There is
a possibility of rate increases or renegotiation of some of the legacy reinsurance contracts by a few of our reinsurers, as they
continue to review and optimize their business models. In addition, changes to the regulatory treatment of reinsurance
arrangements could have an adverse impact on our capital position.

Credit Risk
Credit risk is the possibility of loss from amounts owed by our borrowers or financial counterparties. We are subject to credit risk
in connection with issuers of securities held in our investment portfolio, debtors, structured securities, reinsurers, counterparties
(including derivative, repurchase agreement and securities lending counterparties), other financial institutions and other entities.
Losses may occur when a counterparty fails to make timely payments pursuant to the terms of the underlying contractual
arrangement or when the counterparty's credit rating or risk profile otherwise deteriorates. Credit risk can also arise in
connection with deterioration in the value of, or ability to realize, any underlying security that may be used as collateral for the
debt obligation. Credit risk can occur as a result of broad economic conditions, challenges within specific sectors of the economy,
or from issues affecting individual companies. Events that result in defaults, impairments or downgrades of the securities in our
investment portfolio would cause the Company to record realized or unrealized losses and may cause an increase in our
provisions for asset default, adversely impacting earnings.

Volatility in the capital markets, including deteriorating credit and negative real estate risk indicators, fluctuations in global or
domestic macro-economic factors, or loss given default expectations, may have a significant impact on the value of the fixed
income assets in our investment portfolio. For example, our asset-backed portfolio is sensitive to fluctuations in macro-economic
factors, assumed default rates for the underlying collateral pool and loss given default expectations.

As part of our risk management strategy, we maintain hedging programs that may employ the use of derivatives. Market
conditions determine the availability and cost of the derivative protection. Although we deal primarily with highly rated
counterparties, a derivative counterparty's insolvency or its inability or unwillingness to make payments under the terms of a
derivative agreement could have an adverse effect on our profitability and financial position.

We purchase reinsurance for certain risks underwritten by our various insurance businesses. Reinsurance does not relieve us
from our direct liability to policyholders and accordingly, we bear credit risk with respect to our reinsurers. Although we deal
primarily with highly rated reinsurers, deterioration in their credit ratings, or reinsurer insolvency, inability or unwillingness to
make payments under the terms of a reinsurance agreement could have an adverse effect on our profitability and financial
position. The risk that a reinsurer is unable or unwilling to make payments may occur due to, but is not limited to, legal
disagreements, interpretations by a court regarding the terms of the reinsurance contract, changes in laws and regulations or
interpretation of those changes.

Business and Strategic Risk
Business and strategic risk is the risk of loss from the inability to adequately identify, plan or implement an appropriate strategy to
achieve strategic and business objectives or adapt to changes in Client behaviours or the external business, economic, political,
regulatory or environmental and social landscape or when assumptions made in strategy are not realized as expected.




Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                     41
                                                                                                           Annual Information Form 2022


Economic and Political Risk
We operate in various geographies and our business and financial operations are susceptible to regional and global economic,
political and regulatory changes. We may be affected by economic and capital markets conditions and economic shocks around the
globe as a result of increasingly connected global markets. Factors such as changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, market
volatility, housing prices, consumer spending, saving and debt, business investment and inflation around the globe can affect the
business and economic environments in which we operate. Continued economic and political uncertainty may give rise to increased
business and strategic risks including those associated with industry restructuring, mergers and acquisitions, changing competitive
dynamics and changes in the legal, regulatory and tax regimes in which our businesses operate. In addition, adverse economic
conditions often arise in conjunction with volatile and deteriorating capital markets conditions, which can have an adverse impact on
Client behaviour and in turn on our sales and profitability, credit and financial strength ratings, and capital and liquidity positions.

Currently, there are various factors that impact economic and political risk and uncertainty, including but not limited to the following
examples:
    • decades high levels of inflation and rapidly rising interest rates, against a backdrop of financial market volatility, labour
         market distortions, supply chain disruptions, corporate insolvency risks and household wealth impacts, all of which are
         driving recessionary outlooks for the global economy;
    • the shift to protectionism leading to ongoing trade uncertainties and/or new or increased tariffs;
    • uncertainty due to Euroscepticism in various European Union countries and the impact of Brexit;
    • increased support for populist parties; and
    • rising income inequality.

These risks can also intersect with other risk considerations such as environmental and social risks including climate change and
inequality. The impact of these factors include the possibility of continued low growth, sustained low interest rates, increases in
inflation, increased volatility in interest rates and equity markets, and a continuation of relatively low yet volatile credit spreads. The
impact on the economic environment from any of these events may not be consistent with our assumptions and expectations, which
may adversely impact our financial results and the ability to implement our business strategy. Market-related impacts from the
economic environment, legal, regulatory or policy changes or other governmental actions could continue to place pressure on our
earnings, regulatory capital requirements, profitability, liquidity and our ability to implement our business strategies and plans. Low
interest rates and increased volatility create a number of challenges for us including increased hedge costs, lower investment yields,
adverse policyholder behaviour and lower levels of new business profitability. Other impacts of macro-economic uncertainty and
volatility may lead to other financial and non-financial impacts including goodwill impairment, decline in our share price and impact
on our credit and financial strength ratings. These risks continue to have the potential to inflict significant damage on global and
regional markets.
Strategic Execution Risk
Our business strategies and plans are dependent on the successful execution of organizational and strategic initiatives designed to
support the growth of our business. Our ability to manage the execution of these initiatives effectively and prioritize initiatives
directly affects our ability to execute our strategies. Identifying and implementing the right set of initiatives is critical to achieving
our business plan targets. Failure to identify and implement the right set of initiatives could also lead to cost structure challenges
and inability to achieve our growth objectives.

Our financial performance is dependent upon our ability to implement and execute our business strategies and plans for growth. The
current economic, regulatory and competitive environment requires us to identify and adapt rapidly to new opportunities and to
refine our strategies. If we fail to identify new opportunities, revise our strategies on a timely basis or adapt to the changing
environment, we may not be able to achieve our growth objectives.

Successful execution of our business strategies and plans impacts a number of factors, including our ability to generate sufficient
earnings to maintain an adequate level of capital, our ability to generate sustained investment performance, our ability to meet
regulatory requirements, our ability to manage our risk exposures effectively, our ability to attract and retain Clients and
distributors, our ability to have the right set of diverse products and business mix, and our ability to reduce operating expenses while
maintaining our ability to hire, retain and motivate key personnel. There is no certainty that we will be successful in implementing
our business strategies or that these strategies will achieve our objectives. If our business strategies are not successful or are not
executed effectively, we may not be able to achieve our growth objectives or react to market opportunities, which may have an
adverse impact on our business and financial results.
Distribution Risk
Failure to achieve planned distribution scale could materially impact our financial and strategic objectives. This includes the inability
to attract and retain intermediaries and agents at a cost that is financially feasible to the Company, or to develop digital sales and
Client support capabilities and technologies. Distribution risk may also be influenced where our distribution or product strategy and
related services (including digital sales and Client support capabilities and technologies) are not developed, modified or executed in
line with our strategic objectives or in consideration of the changes in Client behaviour or our regulatory environment. In addition,



Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                        42
                                                                                                          Annual Information Form 2022


the lack of a well-diversified distribution model in the jurisdictions in which we do business may cause over-reliance on agency
channel or key partners.

We distribute our products through a variety of distribution channels, including direct sales agents, managing general agents,
independent general agents, financial intermediaries, broker-dealers, banks, pension and benefits consultants and other third-party
marketing organizations. We compete with other financial institutions to attract and retain these intermediaries and agents on the
basis of products, compensation, support services and financial position. We also face the risk that our key distribution partners may
undergo consolidation, change in ownership structure or change their distribution model which could materially impact sales and
our growth targets. New distribution channels could emerge that may impact the effectiveness of our current distribution strategy.
Distribution channels are growing rapidly in some businesses in certain countries, which may heighten the risks of market conduct
and channel conflicts or overlaps. The capability to reach and retain Clients through use of digital technology and data analytics is
becoming increasingly important in the insurance industry. While use of digital-based distribution channels may help us achieve or
expand scale, these channels expose us to regulatory compliance and information security related risks. Our sales and results of
operations could be materially adversely affected if we do not have the right distribution or product strategy and related technology
or if we are unsuccessful in attracting and retaining intermediaries and agents.
Risks Relating to Mergers, Acquisitions, Divestitures and Strategic Investments
We regularly explore opportunities to selectively acquire other businesses or to divest ourselves of all or part of certain businesses,
in support of our growth and strategic objectives. Any transaction that we enter into introduces a number of risks associated with
economic, operational, strategic, financial, tax, legal, regulatory, compliance, and other factors.

There is a risk that we may be unable to make an appropriate acquisition in a desired market or business line or are unable to realize
the financial and strategic benefits of the transactions due to competitive factors, regulatory requirements or other factors. There is
a risk that the capital utilized to finance any transaction could limit our ability to deploy further capital to pursue other opportunities
and initiatives. These risks could adversely impact our ability to achieve our financial and strategic objectives.

Our ability to realize the contemplated economic, financial, and strategic benefit of any transaction that we enter into is contingent
on several factors, which include the effective separation and/or integration of the transferred businesses, restructuring and/or
reorganization of related businesses, and incentivizing and/or retaining personnel to effectively execute these transactions. In
addition, the integration of operations and harmonization of any differences in organizational culture may require the dedication of
significant management resources, which may distract management’s attention from our day-to-day business. Anticipated synergies
and other expected benefits may not materialize due to a failure to successfully integrate the acquired businesses with our existing
operations. Any of these risks, if realized, could prevent us from achieving the expected results from a transaction or could impact
our financial and strategic objectives.

Although we undertake extensive due diligence in connection with potential acquisitions, there may be liabilities or asset
impairments that we fail to, or are unable to discover during our due diligence investigations. There could also be unforeseen
liabilities or asset impairments, including goodwill impairments that arise in connection with acquisitions or divestitures of
businesses. There is no assurance that we will achieve our financial or strategic objectives or anticipated cost savings following an
acquisition.

The purchase and sale agreements that support mergers and acquisitions transactions typically include customary indemnifications
provided by the seller to the purchaser. These rights are generally limited by survival periods and include limitations on the nature
and amount of losses we may recover as a purchaser or be required be pay as a seller in a transaction. For your acquisitions, there is
a risk that these indemnifications will not be collectible or be sufficient to fully offset losses arising from the acquired business. We
would also be exposed to the credit risk of the selling party with respect to its ability to pay if an indemnification provision is
triggered.
Competitive Environment
Competition from insurance companies, banks, asset managers, mutual fund companies, financial planners and other service
providers (including new entrants and non-traditional financial services companies) is intense, and could adversely affect our
business in certain countries.

The businesses in which we engage are highly competitive and our ability to sell our products is dependent on many factors,
including scale, price and yields offered, distribution channels, digital capabilities, financial strength ratings, range of product lines
and product and service quality, brand strength, investment performance, historical dividend levels and the ability to provide value
added services to distributors and Clients. In certain markets, some of our competitors may be superior to us on one or more of
these factors. Our competitors have significant potential to disrupt our business through targeted strategies to reduce our market
share which may include targeting our key people or bancassurance partners and other distributors or aggressively pricing their
products. Our ability to achieve our business plans and strategies depends significantly upon our capacity to anticipate and respond
quickly to these competitive pressures.



Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                    43
                                                                                                        Annual Information Form 2022


Technology is driving rapid change in the financial services sector and is enabling new entrants to compete or offer services to our
competitors to enhance their ability to compete in certain segments of the insurance, wealth and asset management markets. The
emergence of new technologies such as robotic process automation, artificial intelligence, blockchain and advanced analytics may
have an impact on the financial services sector and how companies interact with their stakeholders. Our current competitors or new
entrants may use these or other new technologies to provide services in various areas such as customized pricing, proactive
outreach to Clients and targeted marketing in order to strengthen their Client relationships and influence Client behaviour. The
impact of disruption from changing technology and innovation by traditional and non-traditional competitors who may offer a better
user experience, functionality or lower priced products and may have lower distribution costs will require us to adapt at a more
rapid pace and may create margin pressures. The risk of disruption may also impact our distribution models as new and low cost
digital-based business models emerge in connection with the distribution of financial services and products, such as insurtechs and
robo-advisors. These risks are evolving rapidly with an increasing number of digital users and are difficult to anticipate and respond
to proactively, and may adversely impact our profitability and financial position.

Competitors may offer a greater selection of or lower cost products, which may create margin pressure in some of our businesses
and impact our profitability and market share. In the asset management sector, there has been a trend among investors towards
lower-fee passive investment products such as index- and other types of exchange-traded funds, which may impact our ability to
attract and retain Clients in our actively managed products. Product development and product life cycles have shortened in many
product segments, leading to more intense competition with respect to product features. This increases product development and
administrative costs and reduces the time frame over which capital expenditures can be recovered. Regulatory and compliance costs
also generally rise with increases in the range and complexity of our product portfolio.

We have many large and well-capitalized competitors with access to significant financial resources and in certain jurisdictions, these
competitors have significant market share and established distribution relationships and brands. Among other things, the
competition in these industries throughout the world has resulted in a trend towards the global consolidation of the financial
services industry including, in particular, the insurance, banking and asset management sectors. To the extent that consolidation
continues, we will increasingly face competition from large, well-capitalized financial services companies in many of the jurisdictions
in which we operate. These larger companies have the ability to heavily invest in fundamental activities for sustained profitable
growth and superior Client service in the life insurance industry such as brand equity, product development, technology, risk
management, and distribution capability. There can be no assurance these developments will not adversely affect our businesses in
certain countries.

Many of our insurance products, particularly those offered by the group segment, are renewed annually. Given this relatively high
frequency of renewal activity, this business may be particularly exposed to adverse persistency through competitive market
pressures.

Different accounting bases of reporting and regulatory capital requirements across multiple jurisdictions may cause us to be at a
disadvantage compared to some of our competitors due to differences in reported earnings and due to these reporting and
regulatory capital requirements.
Investment Performance
Investment performance risk is the possibility that we fail to achieve the desired return objectives on our investment portfolio, or
that our asset management businesses fail to design or execute investment strategies in order to achieve competitive returns on the
products and managed accounts offered by these businesses. Failure to achieve investment objectives may adversely affect our
revenue and profitability through slower growth prospects and adverse impacts on policyholder or Client behaviour.

For our insurance businesses, the performance of our investment portfolio depends in part upon the level of and changes in interest
rates, spreads, credit experience, equity prices, real estate values, the performance of the economy in general, the performance of
the specific obligors included in these portfolios and other factors that are beyond our control. These changes can affect our net
investment income substantially in any period.

In our asset management businesses, investment performance, along with achieving and maintaining superior distribution and Client
services, is critical. If investment performance is less than that of our competitors or applicable benchmarks, we could lose existing
and potential Clients. Similarly, a shift in investing trends and Client preference towards products that differ from our investment
products or strategies, and in particular, the trend towards passive or alternative investment portfolios, could also lead to increased
outflows. Accordingly, poor investment performance by our asset management operations or a shift in investing trends and Client
preferences could adversely affect sales, increase outflows, reduce the level of assets under management or lead to a decline in the
fee margin, which could adversely impact our revenues, income and capital position.
Changes in Legal and Regulatory Environment
Most of our businesses are subject to extensive regulation and supervision. Changes to legislation, regulations or government
policies, or the manner in which they are interpreted or enforced, may require that we make significant changes to our strategy and
may result in increased implementation costs and diversion of resources to manage the change. These changes could impact


Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                44
                                                                                                       Annual Information Form 2022


financial reporting, accounting processes, capital requirements, the regulatory framework for our products and services, the
regulation of selling practices, sales intermediaries and product offerings, solvency requirements, executive compensation, and
corporate governance practices and could impose restrictions on our foreign operations (such as limits on foreign ownership of local
companies). All of these changes could have an adverse effect on our business and operations. Our failure to comply with existing
and evolving regulatory requirements could also result in regulatory sanctions and could affect our relationships with regulatory
authorities and our ability to execute our business strategies and plans.

Currently there are a number of regulatory developments in Canada and globally which could impact our business and the way we
are regulated or supervised in various jurisdictions, which include the following:
     • OSFI is considering alternatives for in-force variable annuity and segregated fund capital requirements, to be effective
         January 1, 2025, which may materially change the capital required to support our in-force variable annuity and segregated
         fund business.
     • In Canada, there has been increased focus on enhancing the affordability of and accessibility to prescription drugs and
         dental procedures, including pressure from some provincial governments, the media and advocacy groups on the federal
         government to implement forms of nationalized pharmacare and dentalcare programs. When implemented, these
         programs could impact our business in several ways, including premium income, our ability to offer coverage, the price and
         level of coverage of other benefits we offer or are able to offer through our Canadian group benefits business, which in
         turn could impact plan renewals and retention of group Clients, plan member interaction and the value of other coverage
         offered by that business.
     • Insurance and securities regulators continue to focus on client fairness, advisor conduct and related practices and are
         assessing product fees, compensation practices, sales practices and conflicts of interest. Regulators are also imposing
         higher standards that relate to interacting with clients in order to increase disclosure obligations related to fees; impose
         prohibitions or restrictions on the payment of certain types of commissions and service fees to agents, advisors and third-
         party distributors; resulting in changes to product features and sales and market practices by agents, advisors, product
         manufacturers and distributors. Examples of these changes include the Client Focused Reforms released by the Canadian
         Securities Administrators which fully came into effect on December 31, 2021, the proposals published by the Canadian
         Securities Administrators and the Canadian Council of Insurance Regulators in April 2022 to enhance total cost reporting for
         investment funds and segregated funds and the implementation of the Financial Services Regulatory Authority of Ontario.
         In addition, recent proposals published by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission would expand the scope of
         materially deceptive and misleading naming practices of registered funds and would expand the private fund advisor rules
         to prohibit private fund advisers from providing certain types of preferential treatment to investors and from seeking
         limitation of liability for certain activity.
     • In the U.S., states have enacted laws and regulations that require insurers to increase their level of regulatory reporting
         around risk management, solvency, and governance practices, and allow U.S. regulators to lead or participate in the group-
         wide supervision of certain international insurance groups. In December 2020, the NAIC finalized a group capital calculation
         that will be used by regulators to evaluate the capital position of insurance groups operating in the U.S. The calculation
         does not set out specific capital requirements, but it could result in increased reporting and capital standards for insurance
         groups doing business in the U.S., including non-U.S. groups. Certain insurance holding company groups are exempt from
         the group capital calculation; however, its full impact on our business has not yet been determined.
     • In June 2020, China passed the Hong Kong National Security Law ("NSL"), which is now in force in Hong Kong. Law
         enforcement authorities have extensive powers under the NSL, particularly in relation to investigations. In July 2020, then-
         U.S. President Trump signed into law the Hong Kong Autonomy Act (the "Act") and issued an Executive Order, providing
         authority to impose primary sanctions against entities and individuals determined to have materially contributed to the
         undermining of Hong Kong’s autonomy. The Act also provides authority to impose secondary sanctions against non-U.S.
         financial institutions determined to have conducted a significant transaction for any individual or entity subject to primary
         sanctions under the Act. The U.S. Treasury Department has imposed primary sanctions on Chinese individuals, such as
         government officials in Hong Kong and Mainland China, under the Executive Order. Other countries, such as the United
         Kingdom, have also imposed similar sanctions on China. In June 2021, China enacted the Law of the People’s Republic of
         China on Countering Foreign Sanctions, which authorizes the State Council to impose countermeasures in response to
         sanctions imposed by foreign governments on Chinese companies and individuals. China has imposed sanctions on
         members of the U.S. Congress, heads of NGOs and former U.S. officials. There may be heightened risks and uncertainties to
         our business in Hong Kong as a result of these developments.
     • Regulators are increasing their focus on technology and cybersecurity. New laws, regulations, guidelines, directives and
         expectations have begun to emerge that will require the Company to continue to enhance its technology and information
         security programs, upgrade its third-party risk management programs, increase regulatory reporting obligations and have
         an impact on the costs and resources associated with the Company’s technology and information security activities.
     • IBORs, including LIBOR, measure the average cost that banks pay to borrow from each other on an unsecured basis on a
         short-term basis. They are commonly used as a benchmark or reference rate for certain financial products and contracts.
         Certain IBORs will be discontinued or declared unrepresentative, including certain tenors of US dollar LIBOR and CDOR
         which will be discontinued or declared unrepresentative immediately after June 30, 2023 and June 28, 2024, respectively.
         Uncertainty relating to the transition to alternative "risk free" rates, the use of ARRC or other fallback language, and other



Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                               45
                                                                                                           Annual Information Form 2022


            factors related to reform may adversely affect our operations and cash flows and the value of and return on our
            Investments that are LIBOR or IBOR-based.
      •     Regulators in the various jurisdictions in which we operate have increased their focus on ESG matters, including the impact
            of climate change, and some regulators have taken steps towards introducing or have already introduced rules to address
            risks and disclosures around ESG and climate change matters. In Canada, OSFI released draft Guideline B-15 on Climate Risk
            Management ("Guideline B-15") in May 2022, which sets out OSFI’s expectations related to the management and
            disclosure of climate-related risks by federally regulated financial institutions ("FRFIs"). If approved, FRFIs would be
            expected to report Guideline B-15 disclosures for fiscal years ending on or after October 1, 2023 at the earliest. In addition,
            the Canadian Securities Administrators has proposed National Instrument 51-107 on disclosure of climate-related matters,
            which would introduce climate-related disclosure requirements for Canadian reporting issuers. In the U.S., the SEC has
            proposed rule changes which would require many registrants to include certain climate-related disclosures in their
            regulatory filings. Internationally, the International Sustainability Standards Board has proposed standards for climate-
            related disclosures and general sustainability-related disclosures, which are incorporated into draft Guideline B-15.
            Potential divergence in expectations among regulators, as well as the pace of regulatory change in the area of climate
            change, could lead to operational risks. We continue to monitor our risk management practices and disclosures as new
            regulations and standards are implemented and as the situation continues to evolve. We are also monitoring trends in
            climate- and broader sustainability-related litigation, including "greenwashing" cases involving allegations of exaggerated
            or misleading sustainability claims.

See the heading Regulatory Matters above for a description of our regulatory environment in Canada, the U.S., the UK, Asia and
Bermuda and other examples of changes in regulation that may affect our business and operations.
Environmental and Social Risk
Our financial performance, operations, and reputation may be adversely affected if we do not adequately prepare for the direct or
indirect impacts of environmental and social risks. Environmental risk includes environmental damage on properties owned or
managed by us and climate change related physical and transition risks. These events and developments may include increased
frequency and severity of natural or human-made environmental disasters, longer-term shifts in climate patterns, emerging
regulatory and public policy developments, and their impacts on our operations, invested assets, suppliers, Clients and reputation.
External factors such as stakeholder expectations around environmental performance, resource constraints and costs associated
with adaptation are also potential sources of environmental risk. Risks that affect our Clients and our suppliers could have a negative
impact on our operations and performance. Social risk includes but is not limited to public health issues and issues of inequality.
These risks are considered in our key risk assessments. An environmental issue on a property owned or operated by us could have
financial or reputational impacts.

A transition to a lower carbon economy could affect asset values. Among other impacts, portfolio investments in coal, conventional
oil and oil sands producers, utilities and related fossil fuel industries, railways and pipelines, as well as markets that depend on these
industries, may be subject to additional financial risk as a result of changes in regulation, cost of capital, consumer preferences and
competition from renewable energy companies. This may lead to lower overall profitability and/or stranded assets (assets for which
the investment costs cannot be recovered as intended).

Physical climate impacts could affect investments in real assets such as real estate, commercial mortgages, and infrastructure, as
well as our own operations, and operations and revenues of our Clients and businesses across our portfolios. Risks may result from
increased severity and frequency of extreme weather events and from longer-term shifts in climate patterns.

If our Clients, shareholder groups, or other key stakeholders deem that our environmental, social, climate change or other
sustainability-related practices are inadequate, our reputation and operations could be negatively affected. Failure to comply with
an existing or potential Client's policies in these areas could disqualify us from bidding on, or earning business opportunities, or
retaining existing business. We may also experience reduced access to capital markets if sustainability indices and/or investors find
that our practices fall short of their criteria, which in turn could result in being removed from one or more of these indices or as an
appropriate investment by investors.

As an owner/lessor of, investor in real estate, we may be impacted where environmental events damage or disrupt our underlying
properties. Our businesses and the properties underlying our investments are subject to environmental laws and regulations in all
key jurisdictions where we carry on business or hold investments. Consequently, we may experience environmental impacts or
liabilities that could adversely affect the value of those businesses and properties, their ability to generate income, and costs related
to any required compliance requirements or remediation. Through other invested assets, such as loans, bonds or equity
investments, we could be subject to these impacts and negative consequences from environmental issues arising at the level of the
issuer and/or specific asset. Our reputation and operations may be adversely affected if we or our tenants, borrowers, or other
associated parties violate environmental regulations or best practices.

As noted above under Insurance Risk - Mortality and Morbidity Risk, environmental risks, including climate change risks have
implications in areas such as catastrophic risk and the concentration risk presented by natural and human-made environmental


Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                   46
                                                                                                       Annual Information Form 2022


disasters, which could impact our mortality and morbidity experience and our pricing and modeling assumptions as these events
increase. For example, in our group benefits businesses, a localized event that affects the workplace of one or more of our Clients
could cause a significant loss related to a concentration of claims under group policies.

In addition to the impacts noted above, failure to adequately prepare for the potential impacts of environmental risks, including
those associated with climate change, may have other direct and indirect negative impacts. These may include business losses or
disruption, including a shift in Client preferences or demands, resulting from:
     • extreme weather conditions or other environmental disasters,
     • longer-term shifts and impacts related to warming temperatures, the availability of food and water and other ongoing
          climate change impacts,
     • wider and/or more rapid transmission of new and existing diseases through pandemics or otherwise, and
     • other unforeseen human consequences.

Significant environmental changes and disasters may also reduce the overall level of economic activity in affected areas which could
hurt our businesses, the value of our investments, our ability to offer products and services, or service our existing Clients.

These risks could also harm the financial condition of our reinsurers and insurers of property which we own, lease, have invested in
or manage which may increase the risk of default on recoveries from these reinsurers and insurers, may increase the cost of
reinsuring our business or the cost of insurance, and may result in reinsurance or insurance coverage being unavailable.

Operational Risk
Operational risk is the risk of loss (financial and non-financial) resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and
systems or from external events. Operational risk is present in all of our business activities and encompasses a broad range of risks
as described below. Operational risk is embedded in the practices utilized to manage other risks and, therefore, if not managed
effectively, operational risk can impact our ability to manage other key risks.
Information Security and Privacy Risks
Information and technology are used in almost all aspects of our business and operations. As part of our Client strategy, we continue
to enhance the digital side of our business to support and enable new business models and processes, that are more personal,
proactive and predictive.

Our business and the successful implementation of our digital strategy are dependent on various factors including maintaining a
secure environment for our Clients, employees and other parties' information. This requires the effective and secure use,
management and oversight of information and physical assets. We engage with various stakeholders and leverage emerging
technologies, including digital, mobile applications, cloud computing, artificial intelligence and robotic process automation. These
technologies are used to collect, process and maintain information relating to business transactions and financial reporting, as well
as the personal information of our Clients and employees. We also obtain services from a wide range of third-party service providers
and have outsourced some business and information technology functions in various jurisdictions.

There continues to be an increasing number of information security compromises and privacy breaches across industry sectors,
governments and individuals. The increasing scope and complexity of malicious activity poses a significant risk to our systems and
these risks may be exacerbated by the breadth of our operations, our geographic footprint and the complexity of our technology
systems. The risk of information security compromises and privacy breaches continued during the COVID-19 pandemic as individuals
extending remote working arrangements. A serious security or privacy breach of either an internal or third-party service provider’s
computer system that contains sensitive business, Client and/or employee information may result in business interruption, theft or
misuse of confidential information, regulatory penalties and scrutiny, litigation, reputational damage and may have an adverse
impact on current and future business opportunities with our Clients, employees and business relationships. We continue to monitor
for increases in malicious activity due to the conflict in Ukraine.

In particular, privacy breaches could occur and may result in unauthorized access and disclosure or use of personal information.
Many jurisdictions in which we do business are developing and implementing reporting requirements relating to cybersecurity and
more stringent consumer privacy legislation, many with greater enforcement powers for regulators and higher potential fines and
penalties.

We have established security controls and processes that are intended to protect information and computer systems including
information security risk assessments and privacy impact assessments. Notwithstanding these measures, the threat environment is
rapidly and constantly changing, and there remains a possibility that our processes and controls could be unsuccessful in detecting
or preventing a security breach. We remain vulnerable, and work with third parties who may also be vulnerable, to computer viruses
and other types of malicious software, cyber-attacks and hacking attempts from unauthorized persons, the physical theft of
computer systems, internal programming or human errors, fraud, or other disruptive problems or events. There is also a risk that
certain internal controls fail, which could also exacerbate the consequences from such events.


Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                   47
                                                                                                           Annual Information Form 2022


Human Resources Risk
Our ability to achieve business objectives can be adversely affected if we are unable to attract, retain or effectively deploy resources
with the in-depth knowledge and necessary skills required, or are unable to design compensation and talent programs that
effectively drive employee behaviour and shape corporate culture. Failure to manage Human Resources risk can also lead to direct
financial and reputational loss including losses arising from activity that is inconsistent with Human Rights or employment laws or
health and safety regulations.
Regulatory Compliance, Legal and Conduct Risk
We are subject to extensive regulatory oversight by financial services regulators in the jurisdictions in which we conduct business.
Failure to comply with applicable laws or to conduct our business consistent with changing regulatory or public expectations could
adversely impact our reputation and may lead to regulatory investigations, examinations, proceedings, settlements, penalties, fines,
restrictions on our business, litigation or an inability to carry out our business strategy.

Our business is based on public trust and confidence and any damage to that trust or confidence could cause Clients not to buy, or to
redeem our products. We also face a significant risk of litigation in the ordinary course of operating our business including the risk of
class action lawsuits. In addition, we also face the risk of reputational damage or loss due to intentional, malicious, illegal or
unethical acts such as fraud, misappropriation or circumvention of the law by internal and/or external parties including our
employees, Clients, distributors, service providers or other third parties. Even with controls in place, these parties may behave in
ways that could harm, injure or otherwise negatively impact our Clients and other stakeholders. For instance, we may not be able to
fully monitor or control the manner of distribution of our products by third party firms or the submission of falsified applications or
claims, despite the training program and compliance testing in place. We may suffer financial, reputation or other harm to our
business if our products are distributed by such firms in an inappropriate manner or to Clients for whom such products are
unsuitable. We are subject to anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the Canadian
Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act, and the UK Bribery Act, each of which include significant civil and criminal penalties if
breached. Our policies, including our Code of Conduct, require strict adherence to these laws. In the course of business, we, or our
joint ventures, distributors or other non-controlled business partners, may from time to time transact with government entities. As a
consequence, we may be at risk of censure under anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws if our or our partners' due diligence or other
process and procedures when transacting with government entities are deemed inadequate.

Financial services regulators and other government agencies in jurisdictions we operate regularly make inquiries, conduct
investigations and administer examinations with respect to compliance with applicable laws and regulations. As well, regulatory and
governmental authorities, industry groups and rating agencies have developed initiatives regarding market conduct. Financial
services regulators and other governmental authorities in many of the countries in which we operate have raised issues and
commenced regulatory inquiries, investigations and proceedings with respect to current and past business practices in the financial
services industry, and have given greater emphasis to the investigation of those practices. Current and future regulatory
investigations, examinations, proceedings, and civil actions arising out of such matters could adversely affect our reputation, and
may result in settlements, penalties, fines, restrictions on our business, litigation or an inability to carry out our business strategy or
may cause us to make changes to our business and compliance practices, policies and procedures, which in turn could impact our
profitability and future financial results and increase our litigation risk.

Under the Insurance Act and the Supervisory Information (Insurance) Regulations (Canada) and pursuant to similar restrictions in
other jurisdictions, we are prohibited from directly or indirectly disclosing any supervisory information relating to SLF Inc., Sun Life
Assurance and their affiliates.
Information Technology Risk
The use of technology and computer systems is essential in supporting and maintaining business operations. We use technology to
support virtually all aspects of our business and operations. The rapidly changing business environment increases the risk of our
technology strategy not being agile enough to adapt to new business demands in a timely manner leading to financial losses,
increased costs and the inability to meet Client needs.

Initiatives supporting our business strategy rely on developing innovative information technology solutions and upgrading our
existing systems on a timely basis to meet business needs. Although every reasonable precaution is taken to ensure information
technology systems remain available, stable and current, it is not possible to fully eliminate all risk. Some changes and upgrades are
extremely complex and there is a chance that an undetected technical flaw may exist, which, when implemented, stops or disrupts
critical information technology systems or business applications.
Third-Party Risk
We engage in a variety of third-party relationships, including with distributors, independent contractors, outsourcing service
providers and suppliers. Our profitability or reputation could be impacted if these third parties are unable to meet their ongoing
service commitments or fail to perform to expected standards.




Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                      48
                                                                                                            Annual Information Form 2022


An interruption in our relationship with certain third parties or other parties engaged by such third parties, the impairment of their
reputation or creditworthiness, their failure to provide contracted services in the manner agreed or in accordance with applicable
laws and regulations could materially and adversely affect our business objectives or expose us to regulatory fines and/or
reputational harm. Even with contingency plans developed for our material third party arrangements, there can be no assurance
that we would be able to transition to alternate sources for these arrangements in a timely manner, at reasonable cost, or with
minimal disruption to our stakeholders.
Business Disruption Risk
To conduct operations, our businesses are dependent on the availability of trained employees, physical locations and access to
technology. A significant business disruption to our operations can result if one or more of these key elements are negatively
impacted.

Although we have implemented and periodically test our business continuity, crisis management and disaster recovery plans, a
sustained failure of one or more of our key business processes or systems could materially and adversely impact our business,
operations and employees. These failures can result from disruption of our processes and systems due to utility outages, fires,
floods, severe storms, cyber-attacks, terrorism and other human-made attacks, natural disasters and other events. We have
experienced increased incidences and impacts of disruption due to weather events such as tropical storms and flooding in the
geographies in which we operate, as well as earthquakes and pandemic risks. In addition to these key business processes and system
disruptions, these unanticipated events, including disease pandemics, can also negatively affect staff, preventing them from working
or from operating business processes. Business disruptions can also occur due to changes in environmental risk and related impacts
have been highlighted above under the heading Environmental and Social Risk. Also, because some of our business processes are
performed by third parties and some of our systems interface with or are dependent on third-party systems, we could experience
service interruptions if these third-party operations or systems fail.
Model Risk
We use complex models to support many business functions including product development and pricing, capital management,
valuation, financial reporting, planning, hedging, asset-liability management, risk management and advanced analytics (such as
artificial intelligence, predictive modeling and decision making algorithms). Model risk is the risk of loss, either in the form of
financial loss, inappropriate or poor business decisions, damage to reputation, or other adverse impact, arising from inaccurate
model outputs or incorrect use or interpretation of model outputs.

Model risk can arise from many sources including inappropriate methodologies, assumptions or parameters, incorrect use of source
data, inaccurate or untimely source data, incorrect application or operator errors, increasing product complexity and regulatory
expectations. If the models' methodologies and assumptions are not appropriately set or well controlled, or data or implementation
errors occur in the models, this could result in a negative impact on our results and financial position.

Many of our methods and models for managing risk and exposures are based upon the use of observed historical precedents for
financial market behaviour, credit experience and insurance risks. As a result, these methods may not fully predict future risk
exposures, which can be significantly greater than our historical measures indicate. Other risk management methods depend upon
the evaluation of information regarding markets, Clients, catastrophic occurrence or other matters that are publicly available or
otherwise accessible to us. However, this information may not always be accurate, complete, up-to-date, properly evaluated or
necessarily indicative of ultimate realized experience. As we review and update our models, changes might be made to valuation
methods and assumptions, which may impact our results.
Information Management Risk
As an international provider of financial services, we deal with extensive information across a number of countries. Information
management risk is the a) inability to capture, manage, retain and appropriately dispose of business records, b) the inability to
provide data that is valid, complete, accurate, consistent, unique, or timely to support business decisions, and c) the inability to
manage data location and cross-border appropriately. Failure to manage these risks could have financial or reputational impacts,
and may lead to regulatory proceedings, penalties and litigation.

Additional information on operational risk can be found in the Risk Factors section of this AIF.

Liquidity Risk
Liquidity risk is the possibility that we will not be able to fund all cash outflow commitments and collateral requirements as they fall
due. This includes the risk of being forced to sell assets at depressed prices resulting in realized losses on sale. This risk also includes
restrictions on our ability to efficiently allocate capital among our subsidiaries due to various market and regulatory constraints on
the movement of funds. Our funding obligations arise in connection with the payment of policyholder benefits, expenses,
reinsurance settlements, asset purchases, investment commitments, interest on debt, and dividends on common and preferred
shares. Sources of available cash flow include general fund premiums and deposits, investment related inflows (such as maturities,
principal repayments, investment income and proceeds of asset sales), proceeds generated from financing activities, and dividends



Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                      49
                                                                                                          Annual Information Form 2022


and interest payments from subsidiaries. We have various financing transactions and derivative contracts under which we may be
required to pledge collateral or to make payments to our counterparties for the decline in market value of specified assets. The
amount of collateral or payments required may increase under certain circumstances (such as changes to interest rates, credit
spreads, equity markets or foreign exchange rates), which could adversely affect our liquidity.

Under stress conditions, increases in funding obligations can occur in conjunction with reductions in cost effective sources of
available cash inflow. In particular, adverse stress scenarios could involve increases in policyholder cash surrenders and terminations
and decreases in the amounts of premiums and deposits being generated by existing and new Clients. Adverse capital market
conditions may also be associated with a reduction in available market liquidity and clearing prices for expected asset sales, and
reductions in the level of cash inflows (dividends, interest payments and expected maturities) on continuing portfolio investments.
These developments could have an adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations.

We engage in various transactions including repurchase agreements and other capital markets transactions to meet short-term cash
requirements. The cost and our ability to execute these transactions may be negatively impacted by illiquid or volatile markets.
Disruption in the financial markets may limit our access to capital in the event we are required to seek additional liquidity to operate
our businesses. This will result in increased costs to raise capital coupled with less desirable terms or maturities which would
decrease future profitability and financial flexibility.

SLF Inc. is a holding company for its insurance, wealth and asset management subsidiaries and does not have significant operations
of its own. Dividends and interest payments from its subsidiaries are its principal sources of cash. If the cash received from its
subsidiaries is insufficient, then it may be required to raise debt or equity externally or sell some of its assets. We are subject to
various regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate. The ability of SLF Inc.'s subsidiaries to pay dividends and transfer funds is
regulated in certain jurisdictions and may require local regulatory approvals and the satisfaction of specific conditions in certain
circumstances.

In addition, rating agencies publish credit ratings of securities issued by SLF Inc. and its subsidiaries, which have an impact on the
interest rates paid by those companies on borrowed funds. A material downgrade in the issuer credit ratings could limit our access
to capital or increase the cost of borrowing and may have an adverse effect on our financial condition.

We have established financing arrangements that support NAIC statutory reserves for universal life policies issued by Sun Life
Assurance in the U.S. Our ability to support these reserves with these financing structures can be negatively impacted by market
conditions and regulatory changes. Further, these financings, in all or in part, are treated as operating leverage by the rating
agencies. If, due to a change in rating agency methodology or position, the rating agencies cease to treat these financings as
operating leverage, without providing any grandfathering provisions, there may be an adverse impact on our credit and financial
strength ratings.

Other Risks
Risks relating to the COVID-19 Pandemic
Pandemics, epidemics or outbreaks of an infectious disease could have an adverse impact on our results, business, financial
condition or liquidity, and could result in changes to the way we operate. The COVID-19 pandemic and the measures imposed by
governments around the world have disrupted the global economy, financial markets, supply chains, business activity and
productivity in unprecedented ways. Additional risks are emerging around governments' withdrawal of COVID-19 pandemic support
measures, and how they will seek to finance the unprecedented level of support. The worsening of the economic and market
conditions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, and impact on Clients, industries and individual countries could have a material
adverse effect on our businesses including sales, fee income, investment performance, expenses, results of operations, corporate
reputation and financial condition. Sustained adverse effects could negatively impact profitability and also make it difficult for us to
access capital markets, could impact our liquidity and capital position, or may result in downgrades in our credit ratings. These
actions may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in the section entitled "Risk Factors" in this
document and "J - Risk Management" in our 2022 MD&A.This includes, but is not limited to:
     • Market risks, such as equity, interest rates and spread, real estate, and foreign currency risks, including impact on fee
         income;
     • Insurance risk, including higher than expected mortality and, morbidity claims and adverse policyholder behaviour
         including but not limited to higher than expected policy lapses, withdrawals, and surrenders;
     • Credit risk, including defaults, impairments and downgrades;
     • Business and strategic risk including economic and political risk, business strategy implementation risk, distribution risk,
         expense risk, changes in Client behaviour, sales, investment performance, and changes in legal and regulatory
         environment;
     • Operational risk, including information security and privacy risk, human resources risks, regulatory compliance, legal and
         conduct risk, information technology risk, processing risk, third-party risk, and business disruption risk, and change




Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                    50
                                                                                                          Annual Information Form 2022


            management risk with the need to quickly implement and execute new programs and procedures to support Clients,
            advisors, employees, products, and services; and
      •     Liquidity risk including collateral, and payment deferrals on invested assets or policyholder insurance premium impacts.

The overall impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is still uncertain and dependent on the progression of the virus, including variants,
vaccine efficacy, public acceptance of containment measures and vaccine adoption, the subsequent reduction in rates of infection
and the actions taken by governments, monetary authorities, regulators, financial institutions, businesses and individuals, and could
vary by country and result in differing outcomes. The longer-term impacts of COVID-19 on morbidity and mortality are unknown and
are being monitored. Given the extent of the circumstances, it is difficult to reliably measure or predict the potential impact of this
uncertainty on our future financial results.
IFRS 17 and 9
IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts ("IFRS 17") and IFRS 9 Financial Instruments ("IFRS 9") are effective for Canadian insurance companies
for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023.

IFRS 17 will replace IFRS 4 Insurance Contracts and establishes the principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and
disclosure of insurance contracts.

IFRS 9 will replace IAS 39 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement and includes guidance on the classification and
measurement of financial instruments, impairment of financial assets and hedge accounting.

Risks related to IFRS 17 and 9 include:
     • Operational risk - IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 requires a more expansive set of data, introduces complex estimation techniques,
          computational requirements and disclosures, which necessitate a major transformation to various actuarial and financial
          reporting processes, tools, and systems.
          Business and strategic risk - the standards may create additional volatility in our financial results and capital position.
          Volatility of reported results may require changes to business strategies and the introduction of new or modified non-GAAP
          measures to explain our results. The impact to business strategy could include changes to hedging and investment strategy,
          product strategy and the use of reinsurance and, as a result, could impact our exposures to other risks such as counterparty
          risk and liquidity risk.
          Regulatory Capital risk - In addition to IFRS 17 changes, LICAT Guideline changes for Segregated Fund Guarantee capital are
          also planned to take effect January 1, 2025. OSFI has been engaging the industry in testing of new Segregated Fund
          Guarantee capital requirements,.
     • Impact on tax - in certain jurisdictions, including Canada, the implementation of IFRS 17 may impact tax positions and other
          financial metrics that are dependent upon IFRS accounting values.
International Operations
The future success of our businesses in our international operations depends in large part on our ability to grow and compete in the
markets where we operate. Challenges in these markets pose strategic and execution risk including our ability to attract and retain
qualified employees and executives with local experience and critical skills, political, legal, economic, competition or other risks, risks
associated with joint venture operations, developing and executing our risk management practices, and our ability to attract, retain,
expand and diversify distribution channels.

If we are unable to attract, retain and engage qualified employees and executives with relevant experience and critical business
skills, our ability to grow our business in our international operations as quickly as planned may be limited. Competition for qualified
employees and distribution partners in our international operations, in particular the Asian markets, continues to be strong and
could adversely impact our ability to attract and retain talent.

Our international operations may face political, legal and regulatory, economic, competitive, operational or other risks that we may
not face in our domestic operations. Examples of this type of risk are the risk of changes in regulation, political risks due to changes
in government, discriminatory regulation, political instability, nationalization or expropriation of assets, changes to the maximum
level of non-domestic ownership, price controls and exchange controls or other restrictions that could prevent us from transferring
funds from these operations out of the countries in which they operate or converting local currencies we hold into Canadian dollars
or other currencies.

Capital markets in certain international markets may not have the same depth, liquidity or range of investment options generally
available in other markets in which we operate. In particular, the more limited availability of long-duration assets exposes our Asian
operations to higher asset-liability management costs and potential risk.

We have entered into joint venture arrangements in certain markets in Asia, where we may have a lesser degree of control over
these businesses that may expose us to additional operational, financial, compliance and legal risks. We may be dependent on our
joint venture counterparty for capital, product distribution, local market knowledge, or other resources. Our ability to exercise


Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                   51
                                                                                                          Annual Information Form 2022


management control or influence over these joint ventures and the success of our investments in them will depend on the
cooperation between the joint venture participants and the terms of the joint venture agreements, which allocate control among
the joint venture participants. If we are unable to effectively manage these joint ventures, or any joint venture counterparty fails to
meet its obligations under the joint venture arrangement, encounters financial difficulty, elects to alter, modify or terminate the
relationship, or a joint venture does not comply with local legislation or regulations, we may be unable to achieve our objectives and
our results of operations and brand may be negatively impacted.
Capital Adequacy
Capital adequacy risk is the risk that our capital position is not or will not be sufficient to withstand adverse economic conditions, to
maintain our financial strength, to allow us and our subsidiaries to support ongoing operations and to take advantage of
opportunities for expansion, and to support the risk taking activity in pursuit of our business objectives.

The strength of our capital position depends in part upon the level of and changes in interest rates and equity prices, credit
experience, mortality and morbidity experience, currency rate fluctuations and our overall profitability.

Various factors such as declining equity markets, downgrades in ratings, changes in interest rates, changes in credit spreads on
corporate bonds and asset backed securities, lower earnings and inability to access capital markets on a timely basis may negatively
impact our capital ratios, and may impair our financial position and our ability to execute our business strategies and plans. In
addition, regulatory changes being considered by other regulators world-wide may adversely impact the capital ratios of SLF Inc. and
its insurance subsidiaries. These factors may impair our financial position and our ability to execute our business strategy.
Credit and Financial Strength Ratings
Financial strength ratings represent the opinions of rating agencies regarding the financial ability of an insurance company to meet
its obligations under insurance policies. Credit ratings indicate the opinions of rating agencies regarding an issuer's ability to meet
the terms of debt, preferred share and Tier 1 hybrid capital obligations in a timely manner, and are important factors in a company’s
overall funding profile and ability to access external capital. A downgrade by a rating agency in the credit ratings of securities issued
by SLF Inc. and its subsidiaries or the financial strength ratings of SLF Inc.'s insurance company subsidiaries could adversely affect our
financial condition and results of operations.

The financial strength rating of an insurance company is a key competitive factor in marketing its products and in attracting and
retaining agents and distributors. If our credit or financial strength ratings are downgraded, our financial condition, competitive
position and results of operations could be negatively impacted in many ways, including:
     • Reducing new sales of insurance products, annuities and investment products;
     • Requiring us to reduce prices for products and services to remain competitive;
     • Higher level of surrenders and withdrawals;
     • Higher reinsurance costs;
     • Increasing our cost of capital and limiting our access to the capital markets, thus reducing our financial flexibility;
     • Reducing our ability to enter into normal course derivative or hedging transactions and increasing the costs associated with
          such transactions; and
     • Adversely affecting our relationships with our advisors and third-party distributors of our products.

In addition, downgrades in our credit or financial strength ratings below thresholds specified in certain of our derivative agreements,
reinsurance agreements and other agreements could result in the counterparties to those agreements having the right to terminate
those agreements or to require that we provide support for those agreements in the form of collateral or letters of credit.

Changes in methodologies and criteria used by rating agencies could also result in downgrades that do not reflect changes in the
general economic conditions or our financial condition.

Additional information concerning our ratings is provided in this AIF under the heading Security Ratings and in our 2022 MD&A
under the heading Financial Strength.
Tax Matters
The validity and measurement of tax benefits associated with various tax positions taken or expected to be taken in our tax filings
are a matter of tax law and are subject to interpretation. Tax laws are complex and their interpretation requires significant
judgment. The provision for income taxes reflects management’s interpretation of the relevant tax laws and its best estimate of
income tax implications of the transactions and events during the period. There can be a risk that tax authorities could differ in their
interpretation of the relevant laws and could assert that tax positions taken by the company give rise to a need for reassessment,
including reassessment under specific or general anti-avoidance rules or transfer pricing provisions.

The assessment of additional taxes, interest and penalties or damage to the Company’s reputation could be materially adverse to
our future results of operations and financial position.



Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                   52
                                                                                                        Annual Information Form 2022


Under the liability method of accounting for income taxes, deferred tax assets are recognized for the carryforward of unused tax
losses and tax credits, as well as amounts that have already been recorded in the financial statements, but will not result in
deductible amounts in determining taxable income until future periods. Deferred tax assets are recognized only to the extent of the
probability that taxable profit will be available against which the future tax deductions and unused tax losses can be utilized.

At the end of each reporting period, we must assess the value of our deferred tax assets. The determination of our deferred tax
assets is dependent upon projections of future taxable profits. Our projections require significant judgments and estimates about
future events, including global economic conditions and the future profitability of our businesses. If the profitability of our
businesses is lower than our projections or if our outlook diminishes significantly, we may be required to reduce the value of our
deferred tax assets. Any change to our deferred tax assets could have a material adverse impact on our future results of operations
and financial position.

We are also subject to changing income tax regulations. We currently have an effective income tax rate that is lower than the
Canadian statutory income tax rate for corporations. The Company reflects favourable tax impacts in its financial statements from
certain tax benefits, including but not limited to tax-exempt investment income, dividends received deductions, tax credits (from
certain investments or from taxes paid on foreign source income), and favourable tax rates in certain jurisdictions in which we
operate. In addition, many of our life insurance products benefit Clients with preferred tax treatment under various tax regimes. For
example life insurance policies and annuity contracts in the U.S. and Canada allow for the deferral or elimination of taxation on
earnings (inside buildup) accrued under the policy. There is a risk that tax legislation, administrative guidance or legislative
developments could lessen or eliminate some of the benefits currently available to the Company or its policyholders. This risk could
result in lower product sales or increased lapses of policies, and could have a material adverse effect on our future results of
operations and financial position.

From time to time, governments in countries in which we operate enact changes to statutory corporate income tax rates. A change
in income tax rate requires us to review and re-measure our deferred tax assets and liabilities as of the date of substantive
enactment. As of December 31, 2022, the Company reported a $1,652 millions net deferred tax asset in its Consolidated Statements
of Financial Position, primarily in Canada. Any future tax rate reductions in jurisdictions where we carry a net deferred tax asset
could result in a reduction in the carrying value of the deferred tax asset and a corresponding income tax expense at the time of
substantive enactment of a rate reduction.

The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development’s (OECD’s) base erosion and profit shifting ("BEPS") project has
prompted governments around the world, including Canada, to consider wide-ranging tax reforms to address BEPS and transparency
issues. The proposals include introducing a global minimum tax rate of 15% to ensure that large multinational enterprises pay a
minimum level of tax on the income arising in each jurisdiction where they operate. The rules are expected to become effective in
2023; however, at this time, none of the jurisdictions where Sun Life has significant operations has enacted or substantively enacted
tax legislation implementing these global minimum taxes.


Legal and Regulatory Proceedings
We are regularly involved in legal actions, both as a defendant and as a plaintiff. Information on legal and regulatory proceedings is
provided in Note 23 of our 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements and is incorporated herein by reference.

Since January 1, 2020, (i) no penalties or sanctions have been imposed against Sun Life by a court or regulatory body that would
likely be considered important to a reasonable investor in making an investment decision; (ii) Sun Life has not entered into any
settlement agreements with a court relating to Canadian securities legislation or with a Canadian securities regulatory authority and
(iii) no penalties or sanctions have been imposed against Sun Life by a Canadian securities regulatory authority, other than nominal
late filing fees, or by a court relating to Canadian securities legislation.


Additional Information
Additional information including directors' and officers' remuneration and indebtedness, principal holders of SLF Inc.'s securities,
securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans and interests of informed persons in material transactions, if
applicable, is contained in SLF Inc.'s information circular for its most recent annual meeting of security holders that involved the
election of directors. Additional financial information is provided in SLF Inc.'s MD&A and consolidated financial statements for its
most recently completed financial year.

Requests for copies of these documents may be sent to the Corporate Secretary of SLF Inc. at 1 York Street, 31st Floor, Toronto,
Ontario, M5J 0B6. Copies of these documents and other additional information related to SLF Inc. are available at www.sunlife.com,
www.sedar.com and www.sec.gov.




Sun Life Financial Inc. | sunlife.com                                                                                                  53
                                                                                          APPENDIX A
                                 SUN LIFE FINANCIAL INC. AND
                SUN LIFE ASSURANCE COMPANY OF CANADA (TOGETHER, "SUN LIFE")
                                CHARTER OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Audit Committee (the “Committee”) is responsible for assisting Sun Life's Board of Directors
(the “Board”) in overseeing the integrity of financial statements and related information provided
to shareholders and other stakeholders, compliance with financial regulatory requirements,
adequacy and effectiveness of the internal controls implemented and maintained by
management, and assessing the qualifications, independence and performance of the external
auditor.


1.     Duties and Responsibilities
In assisting the Board with its oversight role, the Committee:

1.1    Financial Reporting
a)     Reviews with management and Sun Life's external auditor (the "External Auditor") and
       makes recommendations to the Board on the approval of the quarterly unaudited and the
       annual audited consolidated financial statements (“Quarterly and Annual Financial
       Statements”), including the notes thereto, Management’s Discussion and Analysis and
       related news release.
b)     In conducting its review of the Quarterly and Annual Financial Statements:
          i. reviews the reported and underlying earnings;
          ii. discusses with the President & Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer
               any significant issues raised in connection with the certifications relating to financial
               disclosure and controls that those officers are required to file with securities regulatory
               authorities;
          iii. receives reports from the Chief Actuary on the parts of the quarterly and annual
               audited consolidated financial statements prepared by that officer;
          iv. reviews with management and the External Auditor Sun Life's principal accounting and
               actuarial practices and policies; and
          v. considers emerging industry, regulatory and accounting standards and the possible
               impact on Sun Life's principal accounting practices and policies, including consideration
               of the use of non- International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") measures.
c)     Periodically reviews tax matters.
d)     Reviews, at least annually, a report on litigation matters, as required.
e)     At the request of the Chair of the Committee, reviews finance, accounting and tax related
       aspects of material transactions that are being proposed by Sun Life.

1.2    Internal Control
a)     Requires management to implement and maintain appropriate systems, processes and
       controls to ensure accurate, complete and timely reporting of financial and related
       information and evaluates the effectiveness of such processes and controls, and ensures
       that appropriate action is being taken to address any material internal control deficiencies.

 February 9, 2022                                                                                     54
                                                   55




b)     Reviews, at least annually. and makes recommendations to the Board on the approval of
       Sun Life’s Internal Control Framework, which includes, amongst other things, procedures
       established to handle complaints received by Sun Life related to accounting, internal
       accounting controls or auditing matters and the confidential, anonymous submission by
       employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters, if applicable.
c)     Reviews quarterly reports from the Chief Compliance Officer on complaints related to
       accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters, if applicable
d)     Reviews management’s quarterly reports on the effectiveness of Sun Life’s internal controls
       over financial reporting, including any evolving standards over environmental, social and
       governance (ESG) and/or climate related disclosures.
e)     Reviews, as required, management's reports relating to emerging industry, regulatory and
       accounting standards, including their impacts on Sun Life's principal accounting practices and
       policies, and the status of their implementation.
f)     Periodically meets with the Business Group Chief Financial Officers and Heads of Internal
       Audit to review the control environment, resources, organizational structure and priorities.

1.3    Internal Audit
a)     Reviews the Chief Auditor’s quarterly reports on the effectiveness of Sun Life's internal
       controls.
b)     Reviews and approves the annual internal audit plan and any significant changes to the
       internal audit plan, reviews any restrictions on the scope of activities or access to
       information in the course of the audit, and oversees the coordination of the internal audit
       plan with the External Auditor’s audit plan.
c)     Together with the Chair of the Audit Committee, interacts with the Chief Auditor as required
       to support fulfilment of the Chief Auditor’s mandate; the Chief Auditor reports on a
       functional basis to the Chair of the Audit Committee and administratively to the President &
       Chief Executive Officer.

1.4    External Auditor
a)     Reviews the External Auditor’s audit findings reports and (i) seeks assurances from the
       External Auditor that the financial statements, including the notes thereto, fairly present the
       financial position, results of operations and cash flows of Sun Life; (ii) assures itself that the
       External Auditor is satisfied that the accounting estimates and judgements made by
       management, and management’s selection of accounting principles, reflect an appropriate
       application of IFRS; (iii) discusses with the External Auditor any significant changes that were
       required in the external audit plan; and (iv) discusses any significant issues raised with
       management during the course of the audit or review and oversees the resolution of any
       disagreements, including any restrictions on the scope of activities or access to information,
       and those matters that are required to be discussed under generally accepted auditing
       standards.
b)     Discusses with the External Auditor on a quarterly basis the results of quarterly review
       procedures over the financial statements, including discussions on key areas of judgement,
       significant transactions in the quarter and the progress against the external audit plan.


 February 8, 2023
                                                 56




c)     Reviews the independence of the External Auditor, including the requirements relating to
       such independence under the laws governing Sun Life, the applicable rules of stock
       exchanges on which Sun Life’s securities are listed, and regulatory bodies with responsibility
       for establishing auditor independence requirements and policies and at least annually
       receives and reviews with the External Auditor its written statement delineating
       relationships with Sun Life and, if necessary, recommends that the Board take appropriate
       action to satisfy itself of the External Auditor’s independence and accountability to the
       Committee, the Board and shareholders.
d)     Appraises the qualifications and performance of the External Auditor, including timing and
       implementation of the rotation of the lead audit partner, and recommends to the Board the
       appointment, or if so determined by the Committee the replacement, of the External
       Auditor, subject to the approval of the shareholders.
e)     Reviews and approves the scope and terms of the External Auditor’s engagement, and
       reviews and recommends for approval by the Board the engagement letter and
       remuneration of the External Auditor.
f)     Reviews and approves the Restricting Use of External Auditor Policy which outlines the
       services for which the External Auditor can be engaged, the approval process for such
       services and the policy regarding the employment of former employees of the External
       Auditor.
g)     Determines, reviews and approves the services to be performed by the External Auditor and
       the fees to be paid to the External Auditor for audit, audit-related and other services
       permitted by law and in accordance with the Restricting Use of External Auditor Policy.
h)     Reviews with the External Auditor and management the overall scope of the external audit
       plan, quality control procedures and the resources that the External Auditor will devote to
       the audit.
i)     Discusses with the External Auditor the financial and control-related aspects of material
       transactions that are being proposed by Sun Life.

1.5    Resources and Talent
a)     Reviews, at least annually, and approves changes to the statements of mandate,
       responsibility and authority of the Chief Actuary, Chief Auditor and Chief Financial Officer
       and the organizational structure of the Actuarial, Finance and Internal Audit functions.
b)     Reviews, at least annually, the adequacy of the authority, independence and resources of
       the Chief Actuary, Chief Auditor and Chief Financial Officer.
c)     Reviews, at least annually, management’s reporting on the state of the information
       technology that delivers Sun Life's finance and actuarial reporting.
d)     Approves, at least annually, the objectives of the Chief Actuary, Chief Auditor and Chief
       Financial Officer and reviews, at least annually, the effectiveness of the Actuarial, Internal
       Audit and Finance functions.
e)     Reviews, at least annually, succession plans for the Chief Actuary, Chief Auditor, Chief
       Financial Officer and other senior management roles overseen by the Committee
f)     Is consulted, through the Chair of the Committee in advance of any appointment,
       reassignment, replacement or dismissal of the Chief Actuary, Chief Auditor or Chief Financial


 February 8, 2023
                                                57




       Officer, and annually on the performance assessment and compensation awarded to those
       individuals.
g)     Requires the Chief Actuary, Chief Auditor and Chief Financial Officer to report on any
       material disagreements with other members of senior management relating to the business,
       and reviews how such matters are being addressed.

1.6    Regulatory
a)     Reviews matters within its mandate that are addressed in the regular examination and
       similar reports received from regulatory agencies, including management’s responses and
       recommendations.
b)     Reviews and discusses with the External Auditor and Chief Actuary such reports and
       regulatory returns of Sun Life as may be specified by law.
c)     Reviews with the External Auditor any regulatory matters that pertain to the External
       Auditor.

2.     Composition and Procedures
2.1    Membership
a)     The Committee is composed of not less than three directors, including the Committee Chair,
       appointed by the Board on an annual basis following each annual meeting.
b)     Each member of the Committee shall be independent as defined in the Director
       Independence Policy
c)     The Governance, Investment & Conduct Review Committee will review Committee
       membership annually to ensure the Committee as a whole includes members with the
       competencies, experience and expertise required to fulfill the Committee's mandate.
d)     Each member of the Committee shall be financially literate. In the Board’s judgment, a
       member of the Committee is financially literate if, after seeking and receiving any
       explanations or information from senior financial management or the External Auditor of
       Sun Life that the member requires, the member is able to read and understand the
       consolidated financial statements of Sun Life to the extent sufficient to be able to
       intelligently ask, and to evaluate the answers to, probing questions about the material
       aspects of those financial statements.
e)     The Committee shall have at least one member that, in the Board's judgement, qualifies as
       an audit committee financial expert (as defined by the U.S. Securities and Exchange
       Commission).
f)     The Committee will discuss the qualifications for and determine whether a member of the
       Committee is a financial expert, and in conjunction with the Governance, Investment &
       Conduct Review Committee, will ensure that all Committee members are financially literate.
g)     Any member of the Committee may be removed or replaced at any time by the Board and
       the Board shall fill vacancies on the Committee.

2.2    Meetings and Procedures
a)     A meeting of the Committee may be called at any time by the Chair of the Board (the
       “Board Chair”) or by any member of the Committee.


 February 8, 2023
                                                 58




b)     The Committee meets as frequently as necessary, but not less than four times a year.
c)     A quorum at any meeting of the Committee shall be three members.
d)     The Chair of the Committee reports to the Board after each Committee meeting.
e)     The External Auditor reports to the Committee and receives notice of and may attend all
       Committee meetings.
f)     The Committee holds a private session at each meeting of the Committee for members only
       and at each regularly scheduled meeting with each of the Chief Actuary, Chief Auditor, Chief
       Financial Officer and representatives of the External Auditor, and with the Chief Risk Officer
       and Chief Compliance Officer, as appropriate, and those individuals have unrestricted access
       to Committee members between meetings.
g)     The Committee will review its Forward Agenda, as required, and on an annual basis, the
       Committee will review this Charter and, where necessary, recommend changes to the Board
       for approval.
h)     The Committee will review the minutes and list of follow up items of each Committee
       meeting.
i)     This Charter will be posted on Sun Life’s website and the Committee will prepare a report on
       its activities for inclusion in the annual management information circular.
j)     The Committee shall undertake and review with the Board an annual performance
       evaluation of the Committee and the Committee Chair.

3.     Access to Management and Independent Advisors
The Committee:
a)     Has full and unrestricted access to management and, in consultation with the Board Chair,
       may engage any special advisors it deems necessary to provide independent advice at the
       expense of Sun Life.
b)     Establishes the scope and frequency of the independent reviews of the Actuarial, Finance
       and Internal Audit functions.




 February 8, 2023
