
EX-99.2

3

d676358dex992.htm

EX-99.2

EX-99.2

Exhibit 99.2

CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

AND NOTES

FINANCIAL REPORTING RESPONSIBILITIES   92
APPOINTED ACTUARY’S REPORT   93
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT   94
REPORTS OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   96
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   98
Consolidated Statements of Operations   98
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)   99
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position   100
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity   101
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   102
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   103
Significant Accounting Policies      Note   1   103
Changes in Accounting Policies      Note   2   111
Acquisitions      Note   3   114
Segmented Information      Note   4   114
Total Invested Assets and Related Net Investment Income      Note   5   117
Financial Instrument Risk Management      Note   6   123
Insurance Risk Management      Note   7   134
Other Assets      Note   8   137
Goodwill and Intangible Assets      Note   9   137
Insurance Contract Liabilities and Investment Contract Liabilities      Note 10   139
Reinsurance      Note 11   145
Other Liabilities      Note 12   146
Senior Debentures and Innovative Capital Instruments      Note 13   147
Subordinated Debt      Note 14   149
Share Capital      Note 15   149
Interests in Other Entities      Note 16   151
Fee Income      Note 17   153
Operating Expenses      Note 18   153
Share-Based Payments      Note 19   154
Income Taxes      Note 20   156
Capital Management      Note 21   158
Segregated Funds      Note 22   159
Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies      Note 23   161
Related Party Transactions      Note 24   162
Pension Plans and Other Post-Retirement Benefits      Note 25   163
Earnings (Loss) Per Share      Note 26   166
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)      Note 27   167

Consolidated Financial Statements   Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018    91

Financial Reporting Responsibilities

Management is responsible for preparing the Consolidated Financial Statements. This responsibility includes selecting appropriate accounting policies and making
estimates and other judgments consistent with International Financial Reporting Standards. The financial information presented elsewhere in the annual report to shareholders is consistent with these Consolidated Financial Statements.

The Board of Directors (“Board”) oversees management’s responsibilities for financial reporting. An Audit Committee of

non-management
 directors is appointed by the Board to review the Consolidated Financial Statements and report to the Board prior to their approval of the Consolidated Financial Statements for issuance to
shareholders. Other key responsibilities of the Audit Committee include reviewing the Company’s existing internal control procedures and planned revisions to those procedures, and advising the Board on auditing matters and financial reporting
issues.

Management is also responsible for maintaining systems of internal control that provide reasonable assurance that financial information is reliable, that
all financial transactions are properly authorized, that assets are safeguarded, and that Sun Life Financial Inc. and its subsidiaries, collectively referred to as “the Company”, adhere to legislative and regulatory requirements. These
systems include the communication of policies and the Company’s Code of Business Conduct throughout the organization. Internal controls are reviewed and evaluated by the Company’s internal auditors.

Management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting, as of December 31, 2018, based on the
framework and criteria established in
Internal Control
–
Integrated Framework (2013)
, issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on that assessment, management has concluded that the
Company’s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2018.

The Audit Committee also conducts such review and inquiry of
management and the internal and external auditors as it deems necessary towards establishing that the Company is employing appropriate systems of internal control, is adhering to legislative and regulatory requirements and is applying the
Company’s Code of Business Conduct. Both the internal and external auditors and the Company’s Appointed Actuary have full and unrestricted access to the Audit Committee with and without the presence of management.

The Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions, Canada conducts periodic examinations of the Company. These examinations are designed to evaluate compliance
with provisions of the
Insurance Companies Act
(Canada) and to ensure that the interests of policyholders, depositors, and the public are safeguarded. The Company’s foreign operations and foreign subsidiaries are examined by regulators
in their local jurisdictions.

The Company’s Appointed Actuary, who is a member of management, is appointed by the Board to discharge the various actuarial
responsibilities required under the
Insurance Companies Act
(Canada), and conducts the valuation of the Company’s actuarial liabilities. The role of the Appointed Actuary is described in more detail in Note 10. The report of the
Appointed Actuary accompanies these Consolidated Financial Statements.

The Company’s external auditor, Deloitte LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm, has audited the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018, in addition to auditing the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended December 31, 2018 and
December 31, 2017. Its reports to the Board and shareholders express unqualified opinions and accompany these Consolidated Financial Statements. Deloitte LLP meets separately with both management and the Audit Committee to discuss the results
of its audit.

Dean A. Connor   Kevin D. Strain, CPA, CA
President and Chief Executive Officer   Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer

Toronto, Ontario, Canada

February 13, 2019

92    Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018   Consolidated Financial Statements

Appointed Actuary’s Report

THE SHAREHOLDERS AND DIRECTORS OF SUN LIFE FINANCIAL INC.

I have valued the
policy liabilities and reinsurance recoverables of Sun Life Financial Inc. and its subsidiaries for its Consolidated Statements of Financial Position at December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017 and their change in the Consolidated
Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2018 in accordance with accepted actuarial practice in Canada, including selection of appropriate assumptions and methods.

In my opinion, the amount of policy liabilities net of reinsurance recoverables makes appropriate provision for all policy obligations and the Consolidated Financial
Statements fairly present the results of the valuation.

Kevin Morrissey

Fellow, Canadian Institute
of Actuaries

Toronto, Ontario, Canada

February 13, 2019

Appointed Actuary’s Report   Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018    93

Independent Auditor’s Report

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Sun Life Financial Inc.

Opinion

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Sun Life Financial Inc. and its subsidiaries (the “Company”), which comprise the consolidated
statements of financial position as at December 31, 2018 and 2017, and the consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), changes in equity and cash flows for the years then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial
statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”).

In our opinion, the
accompanying financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as at December 31, 2018 and 2017, and its financial performance and its cash flows for the years then ended in accordance with
International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IFRS”).

Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards (“Canadian GAAS”). Our responsibilities under those standards are
further described in the
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements
 section of our report. We are independent of the Company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the
financial statements in Canada, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Other Information

Management is responsible for the other information.
The other information comprises:

•   Management’s Discussion and Analysis

•   The information, other than the financial statements and our auditor’s reports thereon, in the Annual Report

•   The information, other than the financial statements and our auditor’s reports thereon, in the Annual Report on Form 40-F.

Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not and
will not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon. In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is
materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

We obtained
Management’s Discussion and Analysis and the Annual Report on Form 40-F prior to the date of this auditor’s report. If, based on the work we have performed on this other information, we conclude that there is a material misstatement
of this other information, we are required to report that fact in this auditor’s report. We have nothing to report in this regard.

The Annual Report is expected
to be made available to us after the date of the auditor’s reports. If, based on the work we will perform on this other information, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that
fact to those charged with governance.

Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Financial Statements

Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance with IFRS, and for such internal control as management
determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the
financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management
either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for
overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process.

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error,
and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with Canadian GAAS will always detect a material misstatement when it
exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with Canadian GAAS, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design
and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one
resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate
in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control.

•   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
disclosures made by management.

94    Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018   Independent Auditor’s Report

•   Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required
to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.

•   Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether
the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•   Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
within the Company to express an opinion on the financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any
significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied
with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

Chartered Professional Accountants

Licensed Public
Accountants

Toronto, Ontario, Canada

February 13, 2019

Independent Auditor’s Report   Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018    95

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Sun Life Financial Inc.

Opinion
on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial position of Sun Life Financial Inc. and subsidiaries (the
“Company”) as at December 31, 2018 and 2017, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), changes in equity and cash flows, for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2018, and
the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as at December 31, 2018 and 2017, and
its financial performance and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2018, in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company’s internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2018, based on criteria established in
Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013)
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report
dated February 13, 2019, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the
Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the
financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits
also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Chartered Professional Accountants

Licensed Public
Accountants

Toronto, Ontario, Canada

February 13, 2019

We have served as the Company’s auditor since 1875.

96    Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Sun Life Financial Inc.

Opinion
on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Sun Life Financial Inc. and subsidiaries (the
“Company”) as of December 31, 2018, based on criteria established in
Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013)
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In
our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018, based on criteria established in
Internal Control – Integrated
Framework
(2013)
 issued by COSO.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the
consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2018, of the Company and our report dated February 13, 2019, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements.

Basis for Opinion

The Company’s management is responsible for
maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Financial Reporting Responsibilities report. Our responsibility is
to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the
U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance
with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included
obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing
such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Definition and
Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting
includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with
authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material
effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Chartered Professional Accountants

Licensed Public
Accountants

Toronto, Ontario, Canada

February 13, 2019

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018    97

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

For the years ended December 31, (in millions of Canadian dollars except for per share amounts)   2018   2017
Revenue
Premiums
Gross   $   20,981   $   19,838
Less: Ceded   2,339   4,557
Net premiums   18,642   15,281
Net investment income (loss):
Interest and other investment income (Note 5)   5,641   5,413
Fair value and foreign currency changes on assets and liabilities (Note 5)   (3,373   )   2,603
Net gains (losses) on available-for-sale assets   121   195
Net investment income (loss)   2,389   8,211
Fee income (Note 17)   5,966   5,842
Total revenue   26,997   29,334
Benefits and expenses
Gross claims and benefits paid (Note 10)   15,986   15,353
Increase (decrease) in insurance contract liabilities (Note 10)   312   5,327
Decrease (increase) in reinsurance assets (Note 10)   97   821
Increase (decrease) in investment contract liabilities (Note 10)   (31   )   41
Reinsurance expenses (recoveries) (Note 11)   (2,021   )   (4,373   )
Commissions   2,339   2,403
Net transfer to (from) segregated funds (Note 22)   (308   )   (119   )
Operating expenses (Note 18)   6,432   6,410
Premium taxes   375   379
Interest expense   305   303
Total benefits and expenses   23,486   26,545
Income (loss) before income taxes   3,511   2,789
Less: Income tax expense (benefit) (Note 20)   597   302
Total net income (loss)   2,914   2,487
Less: Net income (loss) attributable to participating policyholders
(Note 21)   298   245
Shareholders’ net income (loss)   2,616   2,242
Less: Preferred shareholders’ dividends   94   93
Common shareholders’ net income (loss)   $   2,522   $   2,149
Average exchange rates during the reporting periods:
U.S. dollars   1.30   1.30
Earnings (loss) per share (Note 26)
Basic earnings (loss) per share   $   4.16   $   3.51
Diluted earnings (loss) per share   $   4.14   $   3.49
Dividends per common share   $   1.905   $   1.745

The attached notes form part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

98    Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018   Consolidated Financial Statements

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)

For the years ended December 31, (in millions of Canadian dollars)   2018   2017
Total net income (loss)   $   2,914   $   2,487
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes:
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to income:
Change in unrealized foreign currency translation gains (losses):
Unrealized gains (losses)   911   (737   )
Change in unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale assets:
Unrealized gains (losses)   (313   )   247
Reclassifications to net income (loss)   (89   )   (112   )
Change in unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges:
Unrealized gains (losses)   (10   )   3
Reclassifications to net income (loss)   –   (8   )
Share of other comprehensive income (loss) in joint ventures and associates:
Unrealized gains (losses)   7   (31   )
Total items that may be reclassified subsequently to income   506   (638   )
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to income:
Remeasurement of defined benefit plans   84   (69   )
Revaluation surplus on transfer to investment properties (Note
5.A)   –   139
Total items that will not be reclassified subsequently to
income   84   70
Total other comprehensive income (loss)   590   (568   )
Total comprehensive income (loss)   3,504   1,919
Less: Participating policyholders’ comprehensive income (loss)
(Note 21)   303   238
Shareholders’ comprehensive income (loss)   $   3,201   $   1,681

 INCOME TAXES INCLUDED IN OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)

For the years ended December 31, (in millions of Canadian dollars)   2018   2017
Income tax benefit (expense):
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to income:
Unrealized foreign currency translation gains / losses   $   (56   )   $   –
Unrealized gains / losses on available-for-sale assets   58   (92   )
Reclassifications to net income for available-for-sale assets   31   39
Unrealized gains / losses on cash flow hedges   4   (1   )
Reclassifications to net income for cash flow hedges   –   3
Total items that may be reclassified subsequently to income   37   (51   )
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to income:
Remeasurement of defined benefit plans   (17   )   22
Revaluation surplus on transfer to investment properties (Note
5.A)   –   (33   )
Total items that will not be reclassified subsequently to
income   (17   )   (11   )
Total income tax benefit (expense) included in other comprehensive
income (loss)   $   20   $   (62   )

The attached notes form part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

Consolidated Financial Statements   Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018    99

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION

As at December 31, (in millions of Canadian dollars)   2018   2017
Assets
Cash, cash equivalents and short-term securities (Note 5)   $   9,506   $   8,890
Debt securities (Notes 5 and 6)   74,443   72,619
Equity securities (Notes 5 and 6)   4,634   6,020
Mortgages and loans (Notes 5 and 6)   46,822   42,805
Derivative assets (Notes 5 and 6)   1,112   1,478
Other invested assets (Note 5)   4,830   4,154
Policy loans (Note 5)   3,222   3,106
Investment properties (Note 5)   7,157   7,067
Invested assets   151,726   146,139
Other assets (Note 8)   4,498   4,408
Reinsurance assets (Notes 10 and 11)   4,141   4,028
Deferred tax assets (Note 20)   1,209   1,295
Intangible assets (Note 9)   1,779   1,667
Goodwill (Note 9)   5,412   5,183
Total general fund assets   168,765   162,720
Investments for account of segregated fund holders (Note 22)   103,062   106,392
Total assets   $   271,827   $   269,112
Liabilities and equity
Liabilities
Insurance contract liabilities (Note 10)   $   121,923   $   117,785
Investment contract liabilities (Note 10)   3,164   3,082
Derivative liabilities (Notes 5 and 6)   2,295   1,756
Deferred tax liabilities (Note 20)   322   403
Other liabilities (Note 12)   12,153   11,987
Senior debentures (Note 13)   1,299   1,299
Subordinated debt (Note 14)   3,039   3,437
Total general fund liabilities   144,195   139,749
Insurance contracts for account of segregated fund holders (Note 22)   96,663   99,121
Investment contracts for account of segregated fund holders (Note
22)   6,399   7,271
Total liabilities   $   247,257   $   246,141
Equity
Issued share capital and contributed surplus   $   10,749   $   10,911
Shareholders’ retained earnings and accumulated other
comprehensive income   12,957   11,410
Total shareholders’ equity   23,706   22,321
Participating policyholders’ equity   864   650
Total equity   $   24,570   $   22,971
Total liabilities and equity   $   271,827   $   269,112
Exchange rates at the end of the reporting periods:
U.S. dollars   1.36   1.26

The attached notes form part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

Approved on behalf of the Board of Directors on February 13, 2019.

Dean A. Connor   Sara G. Lewis
President and Chief Executive Officer   Director

100    Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018   Consolidated Financial Statements

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

For the years ended December 31, (in millions of Canadian dollars)   2018   2017
Shareholders:
Preferred shares (Note 15)
Balance, beginning and end of year   $   2,257   $   2,257
Common shares (Note 15)
Balance, beginning of year   8,582   8,614
Stock options exercised   16   18
Common shares purchased for cancellation   (183   )   (50   )
Common shares issued as consideration for business
acquisition   4   –
Balance, end of year   8,419   8,582
Contributed surplus
Balance, beginning of year   72   72
Share-based payments   4   3
Stock options exercised   (3   )   (3   )
Balance, end of year   73   72
Retained earnings
Balance, beginning of year   10,305   9,360
Adjustment for change in accounting policy (Note 2)   (44   )   –
Balance, beginning of year, after change in accounting policy   10,261   9,360
Net income (loss)   2,616   2,242
Dividends on common shares   (1,147   )   (1,066   )
Dividends on preferred shares   (94   )   (93   )
Common shares purchased for cancellation (Note 15)   (458   )   (125   )
Transfer from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)   –   (13   )
Transfer from participating policyholders’ equity (Note
21)   89   –
Balance, end of year   11,267   10,305
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes (Note 27)
Balance, beginning of year   1,105   1,653
Total other comprehensive income (loss) for the year   585   (561   )
Transfer to retained earnings   –   13
Balance, end of year   1,690   1,105
Total shareholders’ equity, end of year   $   23,706   $   22,321
Participating policyholders:
Balance, beginning of year   $   650   $   412
Net income (loss) (Note 21)   298   245
Total other comprehensive income (loss) for the year (Note 27)   5   (7   )
Transfer to retained earnings (Note 21)   (89   )   –
Total participating policyholders’ equity, end of
year   $   864   $   650
Total equity   $   24,570   $   22,971
The attached notes form part of these Consolidated Financial
Statements.

Consolidated Financial Statements   Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018    101

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

For the years ended December 31, (in millions of Canadian dollars)   2018   2017
Cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities
Income (loss) before income taxes   $   3,511   $   2,789
Adjustments:
Interest expense related to financing activities   247   247
Increase (decrease) in insurance and investment contract liabilities   281   5,368
Decrease (increase) in reinsurance assets   97   821
Realized and unrealized (gains) losses and foreign currency changes on invested assets   3,252   (2,798   )
Sales, maturities and repayments of invested assets   62,387   55,973
Purchases of invested assets   (65,353   )   (60,633   )
Income taxes received (paid)   (307   )   (436   )
Mortgage securitization (Note 5)   96   214
Other operating activities   (377   )   439
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities   3,834   1,984
Cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities
Net (purchase) sale of property and equipment   (85   )   (182   )
Investment in and transactions with joint ventures and associates (Note 16)   (64   )   (121   )
Dividends received from joint ventures and associates (Note 16)   34   36
Acquisitions, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired (Note
3) (1)   –   (61   )
Other investing activities   (165   )   (11   )
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities   (280   )   (339   )
Cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities
Increase in (repayment of) borrowed funds   (40   )   (45   )
Issuance of subordinated debt, net of issuance costs (Note 14)   –   398
Redemption of senior debentures and subordinated debt (Notes 13 and 14)   (400   )   (800   )
Issuance of common shares on exercise of stock options   13   15
Common shares purchased for cancellation (Note 15)   (641   )   (175   )
Dividends paid on common and preferred shares   (1,227   )   (1,155   )
Interest expense paid   (271   )   (257   )
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities   (2,566   )   (2,019   )
Changes due to fluctuations in exchange rates   250   (179   )
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents   1,238   (553   )
Net cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year   5,956   6,509
Net cash and cash equivalents, end of year   7,194   5,956
Short-term securities, end of year   2,208   2,794
Net cash, cash equivalents and short-term securities, end of year
(Note 5)   $   9,402   $   8,750

(1)   Consists of total cash consideration paid of $100, less cash and cash equivalents acquired of $39 in 2017.

The attached notes form part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

102    Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018   Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Amounts in millions of Canadian dollars except for per share amounts and where otherwise stated. All amounts stated in U.S. dollars are in millions.)

1. Significant Accounting Policies

Description of Business

Sun Life Financial Inc. (“SLF Inc.”) is a
publicly traded company domiciled in Canada and is the holding company of Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada (“Sun Life Assurance”). Both companies are incorporated under the Insurance Companies Act (Canada), and are regulated by the
Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions, Canada (“OSFI”). SLF Inc. and its subsidiaries are collectively referred to as “us”, “our”, “ours”, “we”, “the Enterprise”, or
“the Company”. We are an internationally diversified financial services organization providing savings, retirement and pension products, and life and health insurance to individuals and groups through our operations in Canada, the United
States (“U.S.”), Asia, and the United Kingdom (“U.K.”). We also operate mutual fund and investment management businesses, primarily in Canada, the U.S., and Asia.

Statement of Compliance

We prepared our Consolidated Financial Statements in
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as issued and adopted by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”). Our accounting policies have been applied consistently within our Consolidated
Financial Statements.

Basis of Presentation

Our Consolidated Statements
of Financial Position are presented in the order of liquidity and each statement of financial position line item includes both current and
non-current
 balances, as applicable.

We have defined our reportable segments and the amounts disclosed for those segments based on our management structure and the manner in which our internal financial
reporting is conducted. Transactions between segments are executed and priced on an
arm’s-
 length basis in a manner similar to transactions with third parties.

The significant accounting policies used in the preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements are summarized below and are applied consistently by us.

Estimates, Assumptions and Judgments

The application of our accounting
policies requires estimates, assumptions and judgments as they relate to matters that are inherently uncertain. We have established procedures to ensure that our accounting policies are applied consistently and that the processes for changing
methodologies for determining estimates are controlled and occur in an appropriate and systematic manner.

Use of Estimates and Assumptions

The preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the application of our policies and the reported
amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses. Key sources of estimation uncertainty include the measurement of insurance contract liabilities and investment contract liabilities, determination of fair value, impairment of financial
instruments, determination and impairment of goodwill and intangible assets, determination of provisions and liabilities for pension plans, other post-retirement benefits, income taxes, and the determination of fair value of share-based payments.
Actual results may differ from our estimates thereby impacting our Consolidated Financial Statements. Information on our use of estimates and assumptions are discussed in this Note.

Judgments

In preparation of these Consolidated Financial Statements, we use
judgments to select assumptions and determine estimates as described above. We also use judgment when applying accounting policies and when determining the classification of insurance contracts, investment contracts and service contracts; the
substance of whether our relationship with a structured entity, subsidiary, joint venture or associate constitutes control, joint control or significant influence; functional currencies; contingencies; acquisitions; deferred income tax assets; and
the determination of cash generating unit (“CGU”).

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018    103

Significant estimates and judgments have been made in the following areas and are discussed as noted:

Insurance contract and investment contract assumptions and measurement   Note 1 Insurance Contract Liabilities and Investment Contract Liabilities
Note 10 Insurance Contract Liabilities and Investment Contract Liabilities
Determination of fair value   Note 1 Basis of Consolidation
Note 1 Determination of Fair Value
Note 3 Acquisitions
Note 5 Total Invested Assets and Related Net Investment Income
Impairment of financial instruments   Note 1 Financial Assets Excluding Derivative Financial Instruments
Note 6 Financial Instrument Risk Management
Income taxes   Note 1 Income Taxes
Note 20 Income Taxes
Pension plans   Note 1 Pension Plans and Other Post-Retirement Benefits
Note 25 Pension Plans and Other Post-Retirement Benefits
Goodwill and intangible assets on acquisition and impairment   Note 1 Goodwill
Note 1 Intangible Assets
Note 3 Acquisitions
Note 9 Goodwill and Intangible Assets
Determination of control for purpose of consolidation   Note 1 Basis of Consolidation
Note 16 Interests in Other Entities
Share-based payments   Note 19 Share-Based Payments

Basis of Consolidation

Our Consolidated
Financial Statements include the results of operations and the financial position of subsidiaries, which includes structured entities controlled by us, after intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. Subsidiaries are fully
consolidated from the date we obtain control, and deconsolidated on the date control ceases. The acquisition method is used to account for the acquisition of a subsidiary from an unrelated party at the date that control is obtained, with the
difference between the consideration transferred and the fair value of the subsidiary’s net identifiable assets acquired recorded as goodwill. Judgment is required to determine fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired in a business
combination.

We control an entity when we have power over an entity, exposure to or rights to variable returns from our involvement with an entity, and the ability
to affect our returns through our power over an entity. Power exists when we have rights that give us the ability to direct the relevant activities, which are those activities that could significantly affect the entity’s returns. Power can be
obtained through voting rights or other contractual arrangements. Judgment is required to determine the relevant activities and which party has power over these activities. When we have power over and variable returns from an entity, including an
investment fund that we manage, we also apply significant judgment in determining whether we are acting as a principal or agent. To make this determination, we consider factors such as how much discretion we have regarding the management of the
investment fund and the magnitude and extent of variability associated with our interests in the fund. If we determine we are the principal rather than the agent, we would consolidate the assets and liabilities of the fund. Interests held by
external parties in investment funds that we consolidate are recorded as third-party interest in consolidated investment funds in Other liabilities. If we lose control of an entity, the assets and liabilities of that entity are derecognized from our
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position at the date at which control is lost and any investment retained is remeasured to fair value.

A joint venture exists
when SLF Inc., or one of its subsidiaries, has joint control of a joint arrangement and has rights to the net assets of the arrangement. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control and exists only when the decisions about the
relevant activities require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control. Associates are entities over which SLF Inc. or its subsidiaries are able to exercise significant influence. Significant influence is the power to participate in the
financial and operating policy decisions of an investee but not have control or joint control over those decisions. Significant influence is generally presumed to exist when SLF Inc. or its subsidiaries hold greater than 20% of the voting power of
the investee but does not have control or joint control. The equity method is used to account for our interests in joint ventures and associates. A joint operation exists when SLF Inc., or one of its subsidiaries, has joint control of an arrangement
that gives it rights to the assets and obligations for the liabilities of the operation, rather than the net assets of the arrangement. For joint operations, we record our share of the assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses of the joint
operation. Judgment is required to determine whether contractual arrangements between multiple parties results in control, joint control or significant influence, with consideration of the relevant activities of the entity, voting rights,
representation on boards of directors and other decision-making factors. Judgment is also required to determine if a joint arrangement is a joint venture or joint operation, with consideration of our rights and obligations and the structure and
legal form of the arrangement.

Determination of Fair Value

Fair value is
the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. Fair value is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing an asset or
liability. We determine fair value by using quoted prices in active markets for identical or similar assets or liabilities. When quoted prices in active markets are not available, fair value is determined using valuation techniques that maximize the
use of observable inputs. When observable valuation inputs are not available, significant judgment is required to determine fair value by assessing the valuation techniques and valuation inputs. The use of alternative valuation techniques or
valuation inputs may result in a different fair value. A description of the fair value methodologies, assumptions, valuation techniques, and valuation inputs by type of asset is included in Note 5.

104    Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Foreign Currency Translation

Translation of Transactions in Foreign Currencies

The financial results of SLF
Inc. and its subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are prepared in the currency in which they conduct their ordinary course of business, which is referred to as functional currency. Transactions occurring in currencies other than the
functional currency are translated to the functional currency using the spot exchange rates at the dates of the transactions.

Monetary assets and liabilities in
foreign currencies are translated to the functional currency at the exchange rate at the statement of financial position date.
Non-monetary
 assets and liabilities in foreign currencies that are held at fair
value are translated using the exchange rate at the statement of financial position date, while
non-monetary
 assets and liabilities that are measured at historical cost are translated using the exchange rate
at the date of the transaction.

The resulting exchange differences from the translation of monetary items and
non-monetary

items held at fair value, with changes in fair value recorded to income, are recognized in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. For monetary assets classified as

available-for-sale
 (“AFS”), translation differences calculated on amortized cost are recognized in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and other changes
in carrying amount are recognized in other comprehensive income (“OCI”). The exchange differences from the translation of
non-monetary
 items classified as AFS are recognized in OCI.

Translation to the Presentation Currency

In preparing our Consolidated
Financial Statements, the financial statements of foreign operations are translated from their respective functional currencies to Canadian dollars, our presentation currency. Assets and liabilities are translated at the closing exchange rate at the
statement of financial position date, and income and expenses are translated using the average exchange rates. The accumulated gains or losses arising from translation of functional currencies to the presentation currency, net of the effect of any
hedges, are included as a separate component of OCI within equity. Upon disposal of a foreign operation that includes loss of control, significant influence or joint control, the cumulative exchange gain or loss related to that foreign operation is
recognized in income.

Invested Assets

Financial Assets Excluding
Derivative Financial Instruments

Financial assets include cash, cash equivalents and short-term securities, debt securities, equity securities, mortgages and
loans, financial assets included in other invested assets and policy loans. Financial assets are designated as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”) or AFS assets, or are classified as loans and receivables at
initial recognition.

The following table summarizes the financial assets included in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position and the asset classifications
applicable to these assets:

Cash, cash equivalents and short-term securities   FVTPL
Debt securities   FVTPL and AFS
Equity securities   FVTPL and AFS
Mortgages and loans   Loans and receivables
Other invested assets   FVTPL and AFS
Policy loans   Loans and receivables

Mortgages and loans include mortgages, loans and debt securities not quoted in an active market. Financial assets included in Other
invested assets include investments in limited partnerships, segregated funds and mutual funds. Cash equivalents are highly liquid instruments with a term to maturity of three months or less, while short-term securities have a term to maturity
exceeding three months but less than one year. Policy loans are fully secured by the policy values on which the loans are made. The accounting for each asset classification is described in the following sections.

i) Initial Recognition and Subsequent Measurement

Generally, debt
securities, equity securities and other invested assets supporting our insurance contract liabilities or investment contract liabilities measured at fair value are designated as FVTPL, while debt securities, equity securities and other invested
assets not supporting our insurance contract liabilities or that are supporting investment contract liabilities are measured at amortized cost or designated as AFS. Mortgages and loans and policy loans are classified as loans and receivables.
Financial assets are recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position on their trade dates, which are the dates that we commit to purchase or sell the assets. Originated mortgages and loans are recognized in the Consolidated
Statements of Financial Position on their funding dates.

Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss

Financial assets at FVTPL include financial assets that are held for trading (“HFT”), as well as financial assets that have been designated as FVTPL at initial
recognition. A financial asset is classified as HFT if it is acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term. A financial asset can be designated as FVTPL if it eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition
inconsistency that would otherwise arise from measuring assets or liabilities or recognizing the gains and losses on them on different bases; or if a group of financial assets, financial liabilities or both, is managed and its performance is
evaluated on a fair value basis. Cash equivalents and short-term securities have been classified as HFT.

Generally, debt securities, equity securities and other
invested assets supporting insurance contract liabilities or investment contract liabilities measured at fair value have been designated as FVTPL. This designation has been made to eliminate or significantly reduce the measurement inconsistency that
would arise due to the measurement of the insurance contract or investment contract liabilities, which are based on the carrying value of the assets supporting those liabilities. Because the carrying value of insurance contract liabilities is
determined by reference to the assets supporting those liabilities, changes in the insurance contract liabilities generally offset changes in the fair value of debt securities classified as FVTPL, except for changes that are due to impairment. The
majority of equity securities and other invested assets classified as FVTPL are held to support products where investment returns are passed through to policyholders and therefore, changes in the fair value of those assets are significantly offset
by changes in insurance contract liabilities.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018    105

Financial assets classified as FVTPL are recorded at fair value in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position
and transaction costs are expensed immediately. Changes in fair value as well as realized gains and losses on sale are recorded in Fair value and foreign currency changes on assets and liabilities in our Consolidated Statements of Operations.
Interest income earned and dividends received are recorded in Interest and other investment income in our Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Available-for-Sale
 Financial Assets

Financial assets classified as AFS are recorded at
fair value in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position and transaction costs are capitalized on initial recognition. Transaction costs for debt securities are recognized in income using the effective interest method, while transaction costs
for equity securities and other invested assets are recognized in income when the asset is derecognized.

Changes in fair value are recorded to unrealized gains and
losses in OCI. For foreign currency translation, exchange differences calculated on the amortized cost of AFS debt securities are recognized in income and exchange differences calculated on other changes in carrying amount are recognized in OCI. The
exchange differences from the translation of AFS equity securities and other invested assets are recognized in OCI. Interest income earned and dividends received are recorded in Interest and other investment income in our Consolidated Statements of
Operations. Net impairment losses and realized gains and losses on the sale of assets classified as AFS are reclassified from accumulated OCI to Net gains (losses) on

available-for-sale
 assets in our Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Loans
and Receivables

Loans and receivables are generally carried at amortized cost. Transaction costs for mortgages and loans are capitalized on initial recognition
and are recognized in income using the effective interest method. Realized gains and losses on the sale of mortgages and loans, interest income earned, and fee income are recorded in Interest and other investment income in our Consolidated
Statements of Operations.

ii) Derecognition

Financial assets are
derecognized when our rights to contractual cash flows expire, when we transfer substantially all our risks and rewards of ownership, or when we no longer retain control.

iii) Impairment

Financial assets are assessed for impairment on a quarterly
basis. Financial assets are impaired and impairment losses are incurred if there is objective evidence of impairment as a result of one or more loss events and that event has an impact on the estimated future cash flows that can be reliably
estimated. Objective evidence of impairment generally includes significant financial difficulty of the issuer, including actual or anticipated bankruptcy or defaults and delinquency in payments of interest or principal or disappearance of an active
market for that financial asset. Objective evidence of impairment for an investment in an equity instrument or other invested asset also includes, but is not limited to, the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer, including
information about significant changes with adverse effects that have taken place in the technological, market, economic, or legal environment in which the issuer operates that may indicate that the carrying amount will not be recovered, and a
significant or prolonged decline in the fair value of an equity instrument or other invested asset below its cost. Management exercises considerable judgment in assessing for objective evidence of impairment. Due to the inherent risks and
uncertainties in our evaluation of assets or groups of assets for objective evidence of impairment, the actual impairment amount and the timing of the recognition of impairment may differ from management assessment. The impairment assessment process
is discussed in Note 6.

Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss

Since financial assets classified as FVTPL are carried at fair value with changes in fair value recorded to income, any reduction in value of the assets due to impairment
is already reflected in income. However, the impairment of assets classified as FVTPL generally impacts the change in insurance contract liabilities due to the impact of asset impairment on estimates of future cash flows.

Available-for-Sale
 Financial Assets

When there is objective evidence that a financial asset classified as AFS is impaired, the loss in accumulated OCI is reclassified to Net gains (losses) on
available-for-sale
 assets in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Following impairment loss recognition, a debt security continues to be carried at fair value with
changes in fair value recorded in OCI, and it is assessed quarterly for further impairment loss or reversal. Subsequent losses on an impaired equity security or other invested asset, including losses relating to foreign currency changes, are
reclassified from OCI to income in subsequent reporting periods until the asset is derecognized. Once an impairment loss on a debt security classified as AFS is recorded to income, any reversal of impairment loss through income occurs only when the
recovery in fair value is objectively related to an event occurring after the impairment was recognized. Impairment losses on an equity security or other invested asset classified as AFS are not reversed through income.

Loans and Receivables

If an impairment loss on an individual mortgage or
loan has been incurred, the amount of the loss is measured as the difference between the asset’s carrying amount and the present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the asset’s original effective interest rate. For
collateralized financial assets, the present value of the estimated future cash flows reflects the cash flows that may result from foreclosure less costs to sell, whether or not foreclosure is probable. If no evidence of impairment exists for an
individually assessed mortgage or loan, it is included in a group of loans with similar credit risk characteristics and collectively assessed for impairment.

When an
impairment loss has been incurred, the carrying amount of the asset is reduced through the use of an allowance account, and the amount of the loss is recognized in income. If the impairment loss subsequently decreases and the decrease can be related
objectively to an event occurring after the initial impairment charge was recognized, the previous impairment charge is reversed by adjusting the allowance account and the reversal is recognized in income. Interest income is recognized on impaired
mortgages and loans using the effective interest rate method and it is based on the estimated future cash flows used to measure the impairment loss. Changes in the allowance account, other than write-offs net of recoveries, are charged against
Interest and other investment income in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Write-offs, net of recoveries, are deducted from the allowance account when there is no realistic prospect of recovery, which is typically not before derecognition of
the asset through foreclosure or sale.

106    Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Collateral

Cash received
(pledged) as collateral is recognized (derecognized) in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position with corresponding amounts recognized in Other liabilities (Other assets), respectively. All other types of assets received (pledged) as
collateral are not recognized (derecognized) in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.

Derivative Financial Instruments

All derivative financial instruments are recorded at fair value in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. Derivatives with a positive fair value are recorded
as Derivative assets while derivatives with a negative fair value are recorded as Derivative liabilities.

The accounting for the changes in fair value of a
derivative instrument depends on whether or not it is designated as a hedging instrument for hedge accounting purposes. Changes in (i) fair value of derivatives that are not designated for hedge accounting purposes, which are defined as
derivative investments, and (ii) embedded derivatives that are bifurcated, are recorded in Fair value and foreign currency changes on assets and liabilities in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Income earned or paid on these
derivatives is recorded in Interest and other investment income in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Hedge accounting is applied to certain derivatives to reduce income statement volatility. When certain qualification criteria are met,
hedge accounting recognizes the offsetting effects of hedging instruments and hedged items in income or defers the effective portion of changes in fair value of hedging instruments in OCI until there is a recognition event, such as the occurrence of
a forecasted transaction or the disposal of an investment in a foreign operation, or hedge accounting is discontinued. All hedging relationships are documented at inception and hedge effectiveness is assessed at inception and on a quarterly basis to
determine whether the hedging instruments are highly effective in offsetting changes attributable to the hedged risk in the fair value or cash flows of the hedged items.

Fair Value Hedges

Certain interest rate swaps and foreign currency forwards
are designated as hedging instruments in fair value hedges of the interest rate or foreign exchange rate risks associated with AFS assets. Changes in fair value of the derivatives are recorded in Interest and other investment income in our
Consolidated Statements of Operations. The change in fair value of the AFS assets related to the hedged risk is reclassified from OCI to income. As a result, ineffectiveness, if any, is recognized in income to the extent that changes in fair value
of the derivatives and AFS assets do not offset. Interest income earned and paid on the AFS assets and swaps in the fair value hedging relationships are recorded in Interest and other investment income in our Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Cash Flow Hedges

Certain equity and foreign currency forwards are
designated as hedging instruments in cash flow hedges for anticipated payments of awards under certain share-based payment plans and for anticipated foreign currency purchases of foreign operations. Changes in the fair value of derivatives for the
effective portion of the hedge are recognized in OCI, while the ineffective portion of the hedge and any items excluded from the hedging relationship, such as the

spot-to-forward
 differential, are recognized in Interest and other investment income in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. A portion of the amount recognized in
OCI related to the equity forwards is reclassified to income as a component of Operating expenses as the liabilities for the share-based payment awards are accrued over the vesting period. A portion of the amounts recognized in OCI related to the
foreign currency forwards would be reclassified to income upon disposal or impairment of the foreign operations. All amounts recognized in, or reclassified from, OCI are net of related taxes.

Embedded Derivatives

An embedded derivative is a component of a host
contract that modifies the cash flows of the host contract in a manner similar to a derivative, according to a specified interest rate, financial instrument price, foreign exchange rate, underlying index or other variable. We are required to
separate embedded derivatives from the host contract, if an embedded derivative has economic and risk characteristics that are not closely related to the host contract, meets the definition of a derivative, and the combined contract is not measured
at fair value with changes recognized in income. If an embedded derivative is bifurcated for accounting purposes from the host contract, it will be accounted for as a derivative. For further details on embedded derivatives in insurance contracts,
see the Insurance Contract Liabilities accounting policy in this Note.

Investment Properties

Investment properties are real estate held to earn rental income, for capital appreciation, or both. Properties held to earn rental income or for capital appreciation
that have an insignificant portion that is owner-occupied are classified as investment properties. Properties that do not meet these criteria are classified as property and equipment, included in Other assets as described below. Expenditures related
to ongoing maintenance of properties incurred subsequent to acquisition are expensed. Investment properties are initially recognized at cost in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. Various costs incurred associated with the acquisition
of an investment property are either capitalized or expensed depending on whether or not the acquisition is considered a business combination. Investment properties are subsequently measured at fair value with changes in value recorded to Fair value
and foreign currency changes on assets and liabilities in our Consolidated Statements of Operations.

When the use of a property changes from owner-occupied to
investment property, any gain arising on the remeasurement of the property to fair value at the date of transfer is recognized in our Consolidated Statements of Operations to the extent that it reverses a previous impairment loss. Any remaining
increase is recognized in OCI.

Other Invested Assets –
Non-Financial
 Assets

Other invested assets also include
non-financial
 assets such as investments in joint ventures and associates, which are accounted
for using the equity method. Investments in joint ventures and associates are initially recorded at cost. The investment in joint ventures and associates is increased by our share of capital contributions and for purchases of additional interests
and is reduced by distributions received. In addition, subsequent adjustments to the investment are made for our share of net income or loss and our share of OCI. Our share of net income is recorded in Interest and other investment income in our
Consolidated Statements of Operations and our share of OCI is recorded in our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). Impairment losses on equity method investments are recognized when events or changes in circumstances indicate that
they are impaired. The impairment loss recognized is the difference between the carrying amount and the recoverable amount.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018    107

Other Assets

Other assets,
which are measured at amortized cost, include accounts receivable, investment income due and accrued, deferred acquisition costs, and property and equipment. Deferred acquisition costs arising from service contracts or from service components of
investment contracts are amortized over the expected life of the contracts based on the future expected fees. Owner-occupied properties are amortized to their residual value over 25 to 49 years. Furniture, computers, other office equipment, and
leasehold improvements are amortized to their residual value over 2 to 20 years.

Reinsurance Assets

In the normal course of business, we use reinsurance to limit exposure to large losses. We have a retention policy that requires that such arrangements be placed with
well-established, highly rated reinsurers. Reinsurance assets are measured consistently with the amounts associated with the underlying insurance contracts and in accordance with the terms of each reinsurance contract. Amounts due to or from
reinsurers with respect to premiums received or paid claims are included in Other assets and Other liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. Premiums for reinsurance ceded are presented as premiums ceded in the Consolidated
Statements of Operations. Reinsurance expenses (recoveries), as presented in our Consolidated Statements of Operations, represent reinsurance expenses and expense recoveries resulting from reinsurance agreements.

Reinsurance assets are subject to impairment testing. If impaired, the carrying value is reduced, and an impairment loss is recognized in Reinsurance expenses
(recoveries) in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Impairment occurs when objective evidence exists (as a result of an event) after the initial recognition of the reinsurance asset indicating that not all amounts due under the terms of the
contract will be received, and the impairment can be reliably measured.

Reinsurance assumed is accounted for as an insurance, investment or service contract
depending on the underlying nature of the agreement and if it meets the definition of an insurance, investment or service contract. For the accounting for these types of contracts, see the respective policy section in this Note.

Intangible Assets

Intangible assets consist of finite life and indefinite
life intangible assets. Finite life intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over varying periods of up to 40 years, and are charged through operating expenses. The useful lives of finite life intangible assets are reviewed annually,
and the amortization is adjusted as necessary. Indefinite life intangibles are not amortized, and are assessed for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset may be impaired. Impairment is
assessed by comparing the carrying values of the indefinite life intangible assets to their recoverable amounts. If the carrying values of the indefinite life intangibles exceed their recoverable amounts, these assets are considered impaired, and a
charge for impairment is recognized in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. The recoverable amount of intangible assets is determined using various valuation models, which require management to make certain judgments and assumptions that could
affect the estimates of the recoverable amount.

Goodwill

Goodwill
represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition over the fair value of the net identifiable tangible and intangible assets of the acquired businesses. It is carried at original cost less any impairment subsequently incurred. Goodwill is assessed
for impairment annually or more frequently if events or circumstances occur that may result in the recoverable amount of a CGU or a group of CGUs falling below its carrying value. A CGU is the smallest identifiable group of assets that generates
cash inflows that are largely independent of cash inflows from other groups of assets. We exercise significant judgment in determining our CGUs. The factors considered in determining our CGUs include product cash inflows, product distribution,
target markets, and how management monitors and evaluates the operations.

The goodwill balances are allocated to either individual or groups of CGUs that are
expected to benefit from the synergies of the business combination. Goodwill impairment is quantified by comparing a CGU’s or a group of CGUs’ carrying value to its recoverable amount, which is the higher of fair value less costs of
disposal and value in use. Impairment losses are recognized immediately and cannot be reversed in future periods. Significant judgment is involved in estimating the model inputs used to determine the recoverable amount of our CGUs or group of CGUs,
including those for discount rates, capital, the value of new business, expenses, cash flow projections, and market multiples, due to the uncertainty and the forward-looking nature of these inputs. The assumptions may differ from the actual
experience, and estimates may change from period to period based on future events or revisions of assumptions. These key assumptions are discussed in Note 9.

Insurance Contract Liabilities

Insurance contracts are contracts under which
we accept significant insurance risk from a policyholder by agreeing to compensate the policyholder if a specified uncertain future event adversely affects the policyholder. The presence of significant insurance risk in individual contracts is
assessed by reviewing books of contracts with homogeneous risk features. Judgment is required to determine the classification of a contract as an insurance contract, investment contract or a service contract.

As discussed in the Segregated Funds section of this Note, certain insurance contracts under which the policyholder bears the risks associated with the underlying
investments are classified as Insurance contracts for account of segregated fund holders in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.

Insurance contract
liabilities, including policy benefits payable and provisions for policyholder dividends, are determined in accordance with Canadian accepted actuarial practice and any requirements of OSFI. As confirmed by guidance provided by the Canadian
Institute of Actuaries (“CIA”), the current Canadian Asset Liability Method (“CALM”) of valuation of insurance contract liabilities satisfies the IFRS 4
Insurance Contracts
(“IFRS 4”) requirements for eligibility
for use under IFRS. Under CALM, liabilities are set equal to the statement of financial position value of the assets required to support them.

Some insurance
contracts contain discretionary participation features (“DPF”), whereby the policyholder has the right to receive potentially significant additional benefits based on the actual investments and other experience on a block of similar
contracts. IFRS allows the
non-guaranteed,
 or participating, elements of such contracts to be classified as either a liability or as equity, depending on the nature of our obligation to the policyholder. The
contracts issued by us contain constructive obligations to the policyholder with

108    Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

respect to the DPF of the contracts. We have therefore elected to classify these features as a liability, consistent with accounting treatment under CALM, and in accordance with guidance provided
by the CIA.

Derivatives embedded in insurance contracts are treated as separate derivatives and measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in
income, except when the embedded derivative itself meets the definition of an insurance contract under IFRS, or when the risks and characteristics are closely related to those of the host contracts or when the derivative is the policyholder’s
option to surrender an insurance contract for a fixed amount or an amount based on a fixed amount and an interest rate. The derivatives that have not been separated are accounted for as insurance contract liabilities.

Significant judgment is required in determining our liabilities for insurance contracts including the assumptions required for their determination. Application of
different assumptions may result in different measurement of the insurance contract liabilities. Actual experience may differ from assumptions, and estimates may change from period to period based on future events or revisions of assumptions. Key
assumptions and considerations in choosing assumptions are discussed in Note 10 and sensitivities are discussed in Note 7.

Financial Liabilities

Investment Contract Liabilities

Contracts issued by us that do not transfer
significant insurance risk, but do transfer financial risk from the policyholder to us, are financial liabilities and are accounted for as investment contracts. Service components of investment contracts are treated as service contracts. For further
details on how service components of investment contracts are treated, see the Service Contracts accounting policy in this Note.

Liabilities for investment contracts
without DPF are measured at FVTPL or amortized cost. Contracts recorded at FVTPL are measured at fair value at inception and each subsequent reporting period. Contracts recorded at amortized cost are initially recognized at fair value, less
transaction costs directly attributable to the issue of the contract. At each subsequent period, the contracts are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method. Changes in fair value of investment contract liabilities recorded at
FVTPL and amortization on contracts recorded at amortized cost are recorded as an Increase (decrease) in investment contract liabilities in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Deposits collected from and payments made to contract holders are
recorded as an increase and decrease in Investment contract liabilities in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. These liabilities are derecognized when the obligation of the contract is discharged, cancelled or expired.

As discussed in the Segregated Funds section of this Note, certain investment contracts under which the policyholder bears the risks associated with the underlying
investments are classified as Investment contracts for account of segregated fund holders in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. The accounting for investment contracts that contain DPF is described in the Insurance Contract
Liabilities section of this Note.

Other Liabilities

Other liabilities,
which are measured at amortized cost, include accounts payable, repurchase agreements, accrued expenses and taxes, senior financing and provisions. Liabilities for provisions, other than insurance contract liabilities and investment contract
liabilities, are recognized for present legal or constructive obligations as a result of a past event if it is probable that they will result in an outflow of economic resources and the amount can be reliably estimated. The amounts recognized for
these provisions are the best estimates of the expenditures required to settle the present obligations or to transfer them to a third party at the statement of financial position date, considering all the inherent risks and uncertainties, as well as
the time value of money. These provisions are reviewed as relevant facts and circumstances change.

Senior Debentures and Subordinated Debt

Senior debentures and subordinated debt liabilities are recorded at amortized cost using the effective interest method. Transaction costs are recorded as part of the
liability and are recognized in income using the effective interest method. These liabilities are derecognized when the obligation of the contract is discharged, cancelled or expired.

Service Contracts

Contracts issued by us to customers that do not transfer
significant insurance risk and do not transfer financial risk from the customer to us, including contracts for investment management service, are classified as service contracts. Service components of investment contracts are also accounted for as
service contracts. Fee income earned from these contracts is described in the Premium and Fee Income Recognition accounting policy section of this Note. Deferred acquisition costs are described under the Other Assets accounting policy section of
this Note. Where the cost of meeting the obligations of the contract exceed the economic benefits expected to be received under it, a provision is recognized in Other liabilities.

Segregated Funds

Segregated funds are products for which we issue a contract
where the benefit amount is directly linked to the fair value of the investments held in the particular segregated fund. Although the underlying assets are registered in our name and the segregated fund contract holder has no direct access to the
specific assets, the contractual arrangements are such that the segregated fund policyholder bears the risks and rewards of the fund’s investment performance. In addition, certain contracts include guarantees from us. We derive fee income from
segregated funds, which is included in Fee income in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Policyholder transfers between general funds and segregated funds are included in Net transfer to (from) segregated funds in our Consolidated Statements
of Operations. Deposits to segregated funds are reported as increases in segregated funds liabilities and are not reported as revenues in our Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Investments for Account of Segregated Fund Holders

Investments for account of
segregated fund holders are recorded separately from the Total general fund assets in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position and are carried at fair value. Fair values are determined using quoted market values or, where quoted market
values are not available, estimated fair values as determined by us.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018    109

Insurance Contracts for Account of Segregated Fund Holders

Insurance contracts for account of segregated fund holders are recorded separately from the Total general fund liabilities in our Consolidated Statements of Financial
Position. Insurance contracts under which the segregated fund holders bear the risks associated with the underlying investments are classified as Insurance contracts for account of segregated fund holders. The liabilities reported as Insurance
contracts for account of segregated fund holders are measured at the aggregate of the policyholder account balances.

Changes in the fair value of the invested assets
of the segregated funds are recorded in net realized and unrealized gains (losses) within the segregated fund and are not recorded in our Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Other assets and liabilities associated with these insurance contracts, such as origination costs and the liabilities associated with guarantees provided by us, are
included in general fund liabilities in Insurance contract liabilities in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.

Investment Contracts for Account of
Segregated Fund Holders

Investment contracts for account of segregated fund holders are recorded separately from the Total general fund liabilities in our
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. Investment contracts under which the segregated fund holders bear the risks associated with the underlying investments are classified as Investment contracts for account of segregated fund holders. The
liabilities reported as Investment contracts for account of segregated fund holders are measured at the aggregate of the policyholder account balances.

Other
liabilities associated with these investment contracts, such as onerous contract provisions required for service components, are included in general fund liabilities in Investment contract liabilities in our Consolidated Statements of Financial
Position.

Income Taxes

Current income tax assets and liabilities for the
current and prior periods are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the taxation authorities. Deferred income tax is provided using the liability method on temporary differences at the statement of financial position date
between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes. Current and deferred income tax relating to items recognized in the current or previous period in OCI or directly in equity is accordingly
recognized in OCI or equity and not in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Interest and penalties payable to taxation authorities are recorded in Interest expense and Operating expenses, respectively, in our Consolidated Statements of
Operations.

Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are calculated based on income tax rates and laws that are expected to apply when the liability is settled or
the asset is realized, which are normally those enacted or considered substantively enacted at our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position dates. Deferred income tax assets are recognized for all deductible temporary differences, carry forward
of unused tax credits and unused tax losses to the extent of the probability that future taxable profit will be available against which these assets can be utilized. At each reporting period, we assess all available evidence, both positive and
negative, to determine the amount of deferred income tax assets to be recognized. The recognition of deferred income tax assets requires estimates and significant judgment about future events, such as projections of future taxable profits, based on
the information available at the reporting date.

The determination of the required provision for current and deferred income taxes requires that we interpret tax
legislation in the jurisdictions in which we operate. For each reporting period, our income tax provision reflects our best estimate, based on the information available at the reporting date, of tax positions that are under audit or appeal by
relevant tax authorities. To the extent that our estimate of tax positions or the timing of realization of deferred income tax assets or liabilities are not as expected, the provision for income taxes may increase or decrease in the future to
reflect the actual experience.

Deferred income tax is provided on temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates, except
where we control the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference and it is apparent that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. No deferred income tax asset or liability is recognized in relation to temporary
differences that arise from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, did not affect either the accounting profit or taxable profit or loss. Deferred
income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities are offset if a legally enforceable right exists to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities, the deferred income taxes relate to the same taxable entity and the same taxation
authority and we intend either to settle on a net basis, or to realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

In determining the impact of taxes, we are
required to comply with Canadian accepted actuarial practice and IFRS. CALM requires that all projected cash flows associated with insurance contract liabilities, including income taxes, be included in the determination of insurance contract
liabilities. The insurance contract liabilities are therefore determined including all policy-related income tax effects on a discounted basis, and then adjusted for any related deferred income tax assets and liabilities held in accordance with
IFRS. The net result of this adjustment is to leave the discounting effect of the deferred income taxes associated with temporary differences on policy- related tax items in the insurance contract liabilities.

Pension Plans and Other Post-Retirement Benefits

For defined benefit plans,
the present value of the defined benefit obligation is calculated by independent actuaries using the projected unit credit method, and actuarial assumptions that represent best estimates of future variables that will affect the ultimate cost of
these obligations. The discount rate used for our material defined benefit plans is determined with reference to market yields of high-quality corporate bonds that are denominated in the same currency in which the benefits will be paid, and that
have terms to maturity approximating the terms of obligations. Plan assets are measured at fair value and are held in separate trustee administered funds or as qualifying insurance contracts. The difference between the fair value of the plan assets
and the present value of the defined benefit obligation is recognized on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as an asset or liability in Other assets or Other liabilities, respectively.

Costs charged to our Consolidated Statements of Operations include current service cost, any past service costs, any gains or losses from curtailments or settlements, and
interest on the net defined benefit liability (asset). Remeasurement of the net defined benefit liability (asset), which includes the impact of changes to the actuarial assumption underlying the liability calculations, liability experience gains or
losses, the difference between the return on plan assets and the amount included in the interest on the net defined benefit

110    Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

liability (asset), is reflected immediately in OCI. The calculation of the defined benefit expenses and obligations requires judgment as the recognition is dependent on various actuarial
assumptions such as discount rates, health care cost trend rates and projected compensation increases. These key assumptions are discussed in Note 25.

Dividends

Dividends payable to holders of shares of SLF Inc. are recognized in the period in which they are authorized or approved. Dividends that have been reinvested in
additional common shares under the Dividend Reinvestment and Share Purchase Plan (“DRIP”) are also reflected as dividends within retained earnings. Where SLF Inc. has issued common shares from treasury under the DRIP, the additional shares
have been reflected in common shares.

Premium and Fee Income Recognition

Gross premiums for all types of insurance contracts excluding segregated fund contracts are generally recognized as revenue when due.

Fee income is generated from insurance contracts and service contracts.

Fee income
from insurance contracts includes fees from segregated fund contracts, guarantee fees and other fees associated with insurance contracts and is typically recognized as revenue when services are rendered.

Fee income from service contracts represents fees associated with
non-insurance
 contracts with customers, and includes
Distribution fees, Fund management and other asset-based fees, and Administrative services and other fees. Distribution fees includes fees earned from the distribution of investment products and other intermediary activities. Fund management and
other asset-based fees includes fees earned from investment management services. Administrative services and other fees includes fees earned from contract administration and other management services. Fee income from service contracts is typically
recognized as revenue when services are rendered at either a point in time or over time. The majority of fee income from service contracts is comprised of variable consideration which is based on a percentage of assets under management or another
variable metric and is recognized as revenue when it is highly probable that a significant reversal in the amount of the revenue recognized will not occur.

Share-Based Payments

Stock options of SLF Inc. granted to employees are
accounted for as equity-settled share-based payment transactions. The total compensation expense for stock options is computed based on the fair value of the stock option at the date of grant and the estimated number of options expected to vest at
the end of the vesting period. The expense is recognized over the vesting period as compensation expense in Operating expenses in our Consolidated Statements of Operations, with an offset to contributed surplus in our Consolidated Statements of
Changes in Equity. When options are exercised, new common shares are issued, contributed surplus is reversed and the common shares issued are credited to common shares in our Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity.

Other share-based payment plans based on the value of SLF Inc.’s common shares are accounted for as cash-settled share-based payment transactions. The total
liabilities for these plans are computed based on the estimated number of awards expected to vest at the end of the vesting period. The liabilities are recomputed at the end of each reporting period and are measured at the fair value of the award at
that reporting date. The liabilities are accrued and expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting periods. The liabilities are settled in cash at the end of the vesting period.

Share-based payment awards within MFS Investment Management (“MFS”), which are based on their own shares, are accounted for as cash-settled share-based payment
awards. The vested and unvested awards, as well as the shares that have been issued under these plans, are recognized as liabilities because MFS has a practice of purchasing the issued shares from employees after a specified holding period. The
total liabilities for these plans are computed based on the estimated number of awards expected to vest at the end of the vesting period. The liabilities are accrued over the vesting period and are measured at fair value at each reporting period
with the change in fair value recognized as compensation expense in Operating expenses in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. The liabilities are settled in cash when the shares are purchased from the employees.

Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share (“EPS”)

Basic EPS is
calculated by dividing the common shareholders’ net income by the weighted average number of common shares issued and outstanding.

Diluted EPS adjusts common
shareholders’ net income and the weighted average number of common shares for the effects of all dilutive potential common shares under the assumption that convertible instruments are converted and that outstanding options are exercised.
Diluted EPS is calculated by dividing the adjusted common shareholders’ net income by the adjusted weighted average number of common shares outstanding. For convertible instruments, common shareholders’ net income is increased by the
after-tax
 expense on the convertible instrument while the weighted average common shares are increased by the number of common shares that would be issued at conversion. For stock options, it is assumed that the
proceeds from the exercise of options whose exercise price is less than the average market price of common shares during the period are used to repurchase common shares at the average market price for the period. The difference between the number of
common shares issued for the exercise of the dilutive options and the number of common shares that would have been repurchased at the average market price of the common shares during the period is adjusted to the weighted average number of common
shares outstanding.

 2.
Changes in Accounting Policies

2.A New and Amended International Financial Reporting Standards Adopted in 2018

2.A.i IFRS 15
Revenue from Contracts with Customers

In
May 2014, the IASB issued IFRS 15
Revenue from Contracts with Customers
(“IFRS 15”), which replaces IAS 11
Construction Contracts
, IAS 18
Revenue
and various interpretations. Amendments to IFRS 15 were issued in
September 2015 and April 2016. IFRS 15 establishes principles about the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue arising from contracts with customers.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018    111

IFRS 15 requires entities to recognize revenue to reflect the transfer of goods or services to customers measured at the amounts an entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or
services. Insurance contracts and revenues arising from those contracts, primarily premium revenue, are not within the scope of this standard. Revenues from service contracts and service components of investment contracts (which are treated as
service contracts) that are reported in Fee income and primarily arise from our asset management businesses are within the scope of IFRS 15. IFRS 15 also provides guidance related to the costs to obtain and to fulfill a contract. We adopted IFRS 15
on a cumulative retrospective basis and recognized differences on transition to IFRS 15 as at January 1, 2018 in retained earnings. As a result of the adoption of IFRS 15, we derecognized a portion of our deferred acquisition costs (previously
recognized in Other assets) and the related deferred tax liability on our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position, which reduced opening retained earnings by $44 on an
after-tax
 basis as at
January 1, 2018.

Additional disclosure on revenue from contracts with customers is included in Note 17.

2.A.ii
Amendments to IFRS 4
(IFRS 9 deferral approach)

In September 2016, the IASB issued
Amendments to IFRS 4
to allow insurance entities whose predominant activities are to issue contracts within the scope of IFRS 4
an optional temporary exemption from applying IFRS 9
Financial Instruments
(“IFRS 9”) (“deferral approach”). On January 1, 2018, we qualified for and elected to take the deferral approach as our activities are
predominantly connected with insurance in accordance with IFRS standards. Consequently, we will continue to apply IAS 39
Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement
(“IAS 39”), the existing financial instrument standard.

To enable a comparison to entities applying IFRS 9, entities that apply the deferral approach are required to disclose fair value and changes in fair value separately for
(i) those financial assets that pass the Solely Payment of Principal and Interest (“SPPI”) test, excluding any financial asset that is managed and whose performance is evaluated on a fair value basis; and (ii) all other financial
assets, including financial assets that are managed and their performance is evaluated on a fair value basis. We are also required to disclose credit ratings of financial assets that pass the SPPI test. Financial assets which pass the SPPI test are
assets with contractual terms that give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. See Note 5.A.i for disclosure of the carrying value and fair value of our financial
assets as at December 31, 2018 and 2017. Except for Debt securities designated as AFS and Mortgages and loans, our financial assets are managed and their performance is evaluated on a fair value basis.

The following table includes these disclosures:

December 31, 2018
($ billions)   IAS 39 Classification   SPPI   Non-SPPI
Debt securities   AFS   12.9   0.1
Mortgages and loans supporting Insurance contract
liabilities (1)   Amortized cost   43.8   –
Mortgages and loans not supporting Insurance contract
liabilities   Amortized cost   4.4   0.2

(1)   Because we use CALM to value our insurance contract liabilities, the impact on net income in our Consolidated Statements
of Operations of classifying assets supporting those liabilities as SPPI or non-SPPI is not material.

Note
6.A.v discloses the carrying value of Debt securities and Mortgages and loans by credit risk rating. Debt securities designated as AFS with a credit rating below investment grade have a carrying value of $0.1 billion as at December 31,
2018. Mortgages and loans with a credit rating below investment grade have a carrying value of $2.1 billion as at December 31, 2018.

2.A.iii Other New
and Amended IFRS

The following new and amended IFRS are effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2018, and did not have a material
impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.

In June 2016, the IASB issued
Classification and Measurement of Share-based Payment Transactions
, which
amends IFRS 2
Share-based
 Payment.
The amendments clarify how to account for certain types of share-based payment transactions, such as the effects of vesting and

non-vesting
 conditions on the measurement of cash-settled share-based payments. These amendments are applicable to awards granted on or after that date and to unvested and vested but unexercised awards
outstanding at that date. These amendments were applied prospectively.

In December 2016, the IASB issued
Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2014-2016 Cycle
, which
includes minor amendments to IFRS 1
First-time Adoption of International Financial Reporting Standards
and IAS 28
Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures
(“IAS 28”).

In December 2016, the IASB issued
Transfers of Investment Property (Amendments to IAS 40).
The amendments to IAS 40
Investment Property
clarify that an
entity shall transfer property to, or from, investment property when, and only when, there is evidence of a change in use.

In December 2016, the IASB issued IFRIC 22

Foreign Currency Transactions and Advance Consideration
(“IFRIC 22”), which was developed by the IFRS Interpretations Committee. IFRIC 22 clarifies that for purposes of determining the exchange rate in transactions which include the
receipt or payment of advance consideration in a foreign currency, the date of the transaction is the date of initial recognition of the
non-monetary
 prepayment asset or deferred income liability.

2.B New and Amended International Financial Reporting Standards to be Adopted in 2019

The following new and amended IFRS were issued by the IASB and are expected to be adopted by us in 2019.

In January 2016, the IASB issued IFRS 16
Leases
(“IFRS 16”), which replaces IAS 17
Leases
, and related interpretations. IFRS 16 sets out the
principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of leases for both lessees and lessors. For lessees, IFRS 16 removes the classification of leases as either operating or financing and requires that all leases to be recognized
on the statement of financial position, with certain exemptions allowed by this new standard. The accounting for lessors is substantially

112    Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

unchanged. The standard is effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2019, to be applied retrospectively, or on a modified retrospective basis. We will be adopting IFRS
16 on a modified retrospective basis. At the time of adoption of IFRS 16, we expect to recognize
right-of-use
 assets of approximately $800 and lease liabilities of
approximately $900 on our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. Together with the derecognition of deferred balances previously recognized under IAS 17, the overall impact to retained earnings is not expected to be material.

In June 2017, the IASB issued IFRIC 23
Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments
(“IFRIC 23”)
,
which was developed by the IFRS Interpretations
Committee. IFRIC 23 clarifies how to apply the recognition and measurement requirements in IAS 12
Income Taxes
(“IAS 12”), when there is uncertainty over income tax treatments, and requires an entity to determine whether tax
treatments should be considered collectively or independently. In addition, IFRIC 23 addresses the assumptions an entity should make about the examination of tax treatments by taxation authorities, as well as how an entity should consider changes in
facts and circumstances. IFRIC 23 also provides guidance on how to determine taxable profit (tax loss), tax bases, unused tax losses, unused tax credits, and tax rates, based on whether it is probable that a tax authority will accept an uncertain
tax treatment used, or proposed to be used, by an entity in its income tax filings. IFRIC 23 is effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2019 and is to be applied retrospectively, or on a cumulative retrospective basis. We
do not expect IFRIC 23 to have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.

In October 2017, the IASB issued narrow-scope amendments to IAS 28. The
amendments clarify that long-term interests in an associate or joint venture to which the equity method is not applied should be accounted for following the requirements of IFRS 9. The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or
after January 1, 2019, and are to be applied retrospectively with certain exceptions. As we will not adopt IFRS 9 until 2021, we will be required to apply IAS 39 to the long-term interests in associates or joint ventures covered by these
amendments. We do not expect the adoption of these amendments to have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.

In December 2017, the IASB issued

Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2015-2017 Cycle
, which includes minor amendments to four IFRS standards. The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2019. We do not expect the adoption of these
amendments to have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.

In February 2018, the IASB issued
Plan Amendment, Curtailment or Settlement

which amends IAS 19
Employee Benefits
(“IAS 19”). Under IAS 19, when an amendment, curtailment or settlement of a defined benefit pension plan occurs, the net defined benefit liability or asset is remeasured. The amendments
require an entity to use the updated assumptions from this remeasurement to determine current service cost and net interest for reporting periods after the change to the plan. The amendments are applicable to plan amendments, curtailments or
settlements occurring on or after January 1, 2019.

2.C New and Amended International Financial Reporting Standards to be Adopted in 2020 or Later

The following new and amended standards were issued by the IASB and are expected to be adopted by us in 2020 or later.

In July 2014, the IASB issued the final version of IFRS 9, which replaces IAS 39. IFRS 9 includes guidance on the classification and measurement of financial instruments,
impairment of financial assets, and hedge accounting. Financial asset classification is based on the cash flow characteristics and the business model in which an asset is held. The classification determines how a financial instrument is accounted
for and measured. IFRS 9 also introduces an impairment model for financial instruments not measured at fair value through profit or loss that requires recognition of expected losses at initial recognition of a financial instrument and the
recognition of full lifetime expected losses if certain criteria are met. In addition, a new model for hedge accounting was introduced to achieve better alignment with risk management activities. This standard is effective for annual periods
beginning on or after January 1, 2018. In October 2017, the IASB issued narrow-scope amendments to IFRS 9. The amendments clarify the classification of certain prepayable financial assets and the accounting of financial liabilities following
modification. The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2019. However, pursuant to the aforementioned amendments to IFRS 4, we elected the deferral approach permitted under IFRS 4 to continue to apply IAS
39. We are currently assessing the impact that IFRS 9, along with these amendments, will have on our Consolidated Financial Statements.

In May 2017, the IASB issued
IFRS 17, which replaces IFRS 4. IFRS 17 establishes the principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of insurance contracts. IFRS 17 requires entities to measure insurance contract liabilities at their current fulfillment
values using one of three measurement models, depending on the nature of the contract. IFRS 17 is effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2021 and is to be applied retrospectively to each group of insurance contracts
unless impracticable. If, and only if, it is impracticable to apply IFRS 17 retrospectively for a group of insurance contracts, an entity shall apply IFRS 17 using a modified retrospective approach or a fair value approach. In November 2018, the
IASB tentatively decided to defer the effective date of IFRS 17 by one year, to January 1, 2022. IFRS 17 will affect how we account for our insurance contracts and how we report our financial performance in our Consolidated Statements of
Operations. We are currently assessing the impact that IFRS 17 will have on our Consolidated Financial Statements.

In March 2018, the IASB issued a revised

Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting
(“2018 Conceptual Framework”), which replaces the
Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting
issued in 2010. The 2018 Conceptual Framework includes revised definitions of an
asset and a liability, as well as new guidance on measurement, derecognition, presentation and disclosure. The 2018 Conceptual Framework is effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2020. We are currently assessing the
impact the adoption of this framework will have on our Consolidated Financial Statements.

In October 2018, the IASB issued
Definition of a Business,
which
amends IFRS 3
Business Combinations
. The amendments clarify the definition of a business to assist entities in determining whether a transaction represents a business combination or an acquisition of assets. The amendments are effective for
annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2020, to be applied prospectively. We will assess the impact the adoption of these amendments will have on the accounting treatment of future transactions.

In October 2018, the IASB issued
Definition of Material (Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8).
The amendments clarify the definition of material and provide guidance to
improve consistency in its application in IFRS standards. The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2020. We are currently assessing the impact the adoption of these amendments will have on our
Consolidated Financial Statements.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018    113

3. Acquisitions

Pending Acquisition

On December 19, 2018, we entered into an agreement with
GreenOak Real Estate (“GreenOak”), a global real estate investment firm, to merge GreenOak with the Bentall Kennedy group of companies and to acquire 56% of the combined entity (“Bentall GreenOak”), with the right to
approximately 90% of Bentall GreenOak’s earnings over 8.5 years and the ability to acquire the remaining interest in the future. The combined entity will be reported in our Sun Life Financial Asset Management (“SLF Asset Management”)
business segment. The acquisition of 56% of Bentall GreenOak is expected to close in the first half of 2019, subject to receipt of regulatory approvals and satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

Acquisition in Sun Life Financial Asia

On October 3, 2017, we completed
the first stage of our acquisition of the pension business of FWD Life Insurance Company (Bermuda) Limited (“FWD”) for total consideration of approximately $105, consisting of $92 initial cash consideration and estimated contingent
consideration of $13 to be paid if certain future performance targets are achieved. The first stage included the acquisition of the Mandatory Provident Fund business and the commencement of an exclusive

15-year
 distribution agreement with FWD that allows Sun Life Hong Kong Limited to distribute its pension products through FWD’s agency force in Hong Kong. The fair value of the net identifiable assets
acquired in the transaction was $89, which included intangible assets of $61 and a related deferred tax liability of $10. The acquired intangible assets consist of client relationships and distribution intangible assets which are subject to
amortization on a straight-line basis over their projected economic life of 30 years and 15 years, respectively. We recognized goodwill of $16 as a result of this transaction. The completion of the second and final stage of the transaction involves
the purchase of the Occupational Retirement Schemes Ordinance business of FWD, and is expected to close by the end of 2019, subject to the receipt of regulatory approvals and satisfaction of customary closing conditions. These transactions will
strengthen our position in the Hong Kong pension market and will be reported in our Sun Life Financial Asia (“SLF Asia”) reportable segment.

4. Segmented Information

We have five reportable segments: SLF Canada, SLF U.S., SLF Asset Management, SLF Asia, and Corporate.

These reportable segments operate in the financial services industry and reflect our management structure and internal financial reporting. Corporate includes the results
of our U.K. business unit (“SLF U.K.”) and our Corporate Support operations, which include
run-off
 reinsurance operations as well as investment income, expenses, capital, and other items not
allocated to our other business groups.

Effective the first quarter of 2018, a change in the organizational and reporting structure resulted in the International
business unit being transferred from the SLF U.S. reportable segment to the SLF Asia reportable segment. Consequently, approximately $10,000 of insurance contract liabilities pertaining to individual

non-participating
 life and health policies transferred from SLF U.S. to SLF Asia, along with the associated assets. The information reported to the Chief Operating Decision Maker now includes the results of
the International business unit in the SLF Asia reporting package and the segmental information presented in these Consolidated Financial Statements now includes the results of the International business unit in the SLF Asia reportable segment. In
accordance with IFRS 8
Operating Segments
, the segmental information for prior reporting periods has been restated to conform with current period presentation.

Revenues from our reportable segments are derived principally from life and health insurance, investment management and annuities, and mutual funds. Revenues not
attributed to the strategic business units are derived primarily from Corporate investments and earnings on capital. Transactions between segments are executed and priced on an
arm’s-length
 basis in a
manner similar to transactions with third parties.

The expenses in each business segment may include costs or services directly incurred or provided on their behalf
at the enterprise level. For other costs not directly attributable to one of our business segments, we use a management reporting framework that uses assumptions, judgments, and methodologies for allocating overhead costs, and indirect expenses to
our business segments.

Intersegment transactions consist primarily of internal financing agreements which are measured at fair values prevailing when the
arrangements are negotiated. Intersegment investment income consists primarily of interest paid by SLF U.S. to Corporate.

Intersegment fee income is primarily asset
management fees paid by SLF Canada and Corporate to SLF Asset Management, and product distribution fees paid by SLF Asset Management to SLF Asia Intersegment transactions are presented in the Consolidation adjustments column in the following tables.

Management considers its external clients to be individuals and corporations. We are not reliant on any individual client as none is individually significant to our
operations.

114    Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Results by segment for the years ended December 31, are as follows:

SLF Canada   SLF U.S. (1)   SLF Asset Management   SLF Asia (1)   Corporate   Consolidation adjustments   Total
2018
Gross premiums:
Annuities   $   3,261   $   –   $   –   $   1   $   (79   )   $   –   $   3,183
Life insurance   4,796   1,633   –   2,154   94   –   8,677
Health insurance   5,316   3,767   –   24   14   –   9,121
Total gross premiums   13,373   5,400   –   2,179   29   –   20,981
Less: ceded premiums   1,487   597   –   232   23   –   2,339
Net investment income (loss)   1,942   305   13   76   79   (26   )   2,389
Fee income   1,240   73   4,111   514   154   (126   )   5,966
Total revenue   15,068   5,181   4,124   2,537   239   (152   )   26,997
Less:
Total benefits and expenses   13,497   5,183   2,930   1,919   109   (152   )   23,486
Income tax expense (benefit)   308   (19   )   284   51   (27   )   –   597
Total net income (loss)   $   1,263   $   17   $   910   $   567   $   157   $   –   $   2,914
Less: Net income (loss) attributable to participating
policyholders   321   (35   )   –   12   –   –   298
Shareholders’ net income (loss)   $   942   $   52   $   910   $   555   $   157   $   –   $   2,616
2017
Gross premiums:
Annuities   $   2,464   $   –   $   –   $   –   $   24   $   –   $   2,488
Life insurance   4,493   1,736   –   2,508   94   –   8,831
Health insurance   4,916   3,570   –   19   14   –   8,519
Total gross premiums   11,873   5,306   –   2,527   132   –   19,838
Less: ceded premiums   3,871   436   –   226   24   –   4,557
Net investment income (loss)   4,133   1,864   45   1,722   526   (79   )   8,211
Fee income   1,132   103   4,037   524   118   (72   )   5,842
Total revenue   13,267   6,837   4,082   4,547   752   (151   )   29,334
Less:
Total benefits and expenses   11,894   7,369   2,976   3,679   778   (151   )   26,545
Income tax expense (benefit)   197   (392   )   453   62   (18   )   –   302
Total net income (loss)   $   1,176   $   (140   )   $   653   $   806   $   (8   )   $   –   $   2,487
Less: Net income (loss) attributable to participating
policyholders   213   4   –   28   –   –   245
Shareholders’ net income (loss)   $   963   $   (144   )   $   653   $   778   $   (8   )   $   –   $   2,242

(1)   Balances in 2017 have been changed to conform with current year presentation as a result of the resegmentation described
in this Note.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018    115

Assets and liabilities by segment are as follows:

SLF Canada   SLF U.S. (1)   SLF Asset Management   SLF Asia (1)   Corporate   Consolidation adjustments   Total
As at December 31, 2018
Total general fund assets   $   86,697   $   34,584   $   4,468   $   28,855   $   14,378   $   (217   )   $   168,765
Investments for account of segregated fund holders   $   85,885   $   491   $   –   $   6,173   $   10,513   $   –   $   103,062
Total general fund liabilities   $   78,946   $   30,671   $   2,396   $   23,692   $   8,707   $   (217   )   $   144,195
As at December 31, 2017
Total general fund assets   $   84,698   $   32,259   $   4,115   $   27,234   $   14,605   $   (191   )   $   162,720
Investments for account of segregated fund holders   $   87,817   $   488   $   –   $   6,101   $   11,986   $   –   $   106,392
Total general fund liabilities   $   76,683   $   28,791   $   2,346   $   21,748   $   10,372   $   (191   )   $   139,749

(1)   Balances in 2017 have been changed to conform with current year presentation as a result of the resegmentation described
in this Note.

The revenue and assets of our reportable segments differ from geographic segments primarily due to the geographic segmenting of our
SLF Asset Management and Corporate segments.

The following table shows revenue by country for SLF Asset Management and Corporate:

SLF Asset Management   Corporate
For the years ended December 31,   2018   2017   2018   2017
Revenue:
United States   $   3,945   $   3,961   $   58   $   147
United Kingdom   –   –   142   577
Canada (1)   179   121   38   20
Other countries   –   –   1   8
Total revenue   $   4,124   $   4,082   $   239   $   752

(1)   Consists of the Canadian operations of the Bentall Kennedy group of companies (“Bentall Kennedy”) and Sun Life
Institutional Investments (Canada) Inc. for SLF Asset Management.

The following table shows total assets by country for SLF Asset Management and
Corporate:

SLF Asset Management   Corporate
As at December 31,   2018   2017   2018   2017
Total general fund assets:
United States   $   4,147   $   3,750   $   2,550   $   1,984
United Kingdom   –   –   8,274   8,744
Canada (1)   321   365   3,384   3,723
Other countries   –   –   170   154
Total general fund assets   $   4,468   $   4,115   $   14,378   $   14,605
Investment for account of segregated fund holders:
United Kingdom   $   –   $   –   $   10,513   $   11,986
Total investment for account of segregated fund holders   $   –   $   –   $   10,513   $   11,986

(1)   Consists of the Canadian operations of Bentall Kennedy and Sun Life Institutional Investments (Canada) Inc. for SLF Asset
Management.

116    Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

5. Total Invested Assets and Related Net Investment Income

5.A Fair Value of Invested Assets

5.A.i Carrying Value and Fair Value of
Financial Assets

The carrying values and fair values of our financial assets are shown in the following table:

As at   December 31, 2018   December 31, 2017
Carrying value   Fair value   Carrying value   Fair value
Assets
Cash, cash equivalents and short-term securities   $   9,506   $   9,506   $   8,890   $   8,890
Debt securities – fair value through profit or loss   61,402   61,402   59,967   59,967
Debt securities – available-for-sale   13,041   13,041   12,652   12,652
Equity securities – fair value through profit or loss   4,014   4,014   5,078   5,078
Equity securities – available-for-sale   620   620   942   942
Mortgages and loans   46,822   48,434   42,805   45,406
Derivative assets   1,112   1,112   1,478   1,478
Other invested assets – fair value through profit or loss (1)   2,701   2,701   2,211   2,211
Other invested assets – available-for-sale (1)   621   621   562   562
Policy loans   3,222   3,222   3,106   3,106
Total financial
assets (2)   $   143,061   $   144,673   $   137,691   $   140,292

(1)   Other invested assets (FVTPL and AFS) include our investments in segregated funds, mutual funds, and limited partnerships.

(2)   Invested assets on our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position of $151,726 ($146,139 as at December 31, 2017)
includes Total financial assets in this table, Investment properties of $7,157 ($7,067 as at December 31, 2017), and Other invested assets – non-financial assets of $1,508 ($1,381 as at
December 31, 2017).

Derivative liabilities with a fair value of $2,295 ($1,756 as at December 31, 2017) are also included on the
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.

Our mortgages and loans are generally carried at amortized cost. The fair value of mortgages and loans, for disclosure
purposes, is determined based on the methodology and assumptions described in Note 5.A.ii. As at December 31, 2018, $40,730 and $7,704 are categorized in Level 2 and Level 3, respectively, of the fair value hierarchy described in this
Note ($38,601 and $6,805 as at December 31, 2017).

Policy loans are carried at their unpaid principal balances. The fair value of policy loans, for disclosure
purposes, is approximated by their carrying value, as policy loans are fully secured by policy values on which the loans are made and are categorized in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.

5.A.ii Fair Value Methodologies and Assumptions

The fair value of government
and corporate debt securities is determined using quoted prices in active markets for identical or similar securities. When quoted prices in active markets are not available, fair value is determined using market standard valuation methodologies,
which include discounted cash flow analysis, consensus pricing from various broker dealers that are typically the market makers, or other similar techniques. The assumptions and valuation inputs in applying these market standard valuation
methodologies are determined primarily using observable market inputs, which include, but are not limited to, benchmark yields, reported trades of identical or similar instruments, broker-dealer quotes, issuer spreads, bid prices, and reference data
including market research publications. In limited circumstances,
non-binding
 broker quotes are used.

The fair value of
asset-backed securities is determined using quoted prices in active markets for identical or similar securities, when available, or valuation methodologies and valuation inputs similar to those used for government and corporate debt securities.
Additional valuation inputs include structural characteristics of the securities, and the underlying collateral performance, such as prepayment speeds and delinquencies. Expected prepayment speeds are based primarily on those previously experienced
in the market at projected future interest rate levels. In instances where there is a lack of sufficient observable market data to value the securities,
non-binding
 broker quotes are used.

The fair value of equity securities is determined using quoted prices in active markets for identical securities or similar securities. When quoted prices in active
markets are not available, fair value is determined using equity valuation models, which include discounted cash flow analysis and other techniques that involve benchmark comparison. Valuation inputs primarily include projected future operating cash
flows and earnings, dividends, market discount rates, and earnings multiples of comparable companies.

The fair value of mortgages and loans is determined by
discounting the expected future cash flows using a current market interest rate applicable to financial instruments with a similar yield, credit quality, and maturity characteristics. Valuation inputs typically include benchmark yields and
risk-adjusted spreads from current lending activities or loan issuances. The risk-adjusted spreads are determined based on the borrower’s credit and liquidity, as well as term and other loan-specific features. Long-term mortgages and loans are
generally categorized in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The significant unobservable input is a portion of these risk-adjusted spreads at or beyond the
20-year
 point for mortgages and at or beyond
the
10-year
 point for loans.

The fair value of derivative financial instruments depends upon derivative types. The fair value
of exchange-traded futures and options is determined using quoted prices in active markets, while the fair value of
over-the-counter
 (“OTC”) derivatives is
determined using pricing models, such as discounted cash flow analysis or other market standard valuation techniques, with primarily observable market inputs. Valuation inputs used to price OTC derivatives may include swap interest rate curves,
foreign exchange spot and forward rates,

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018    117

index prices, the value of underlying securities, projected dividends, volatility surfaces, and in limited circumstances, counterparty quotes. The fair value of OTC derivative financial
instruments also includes credit valuation adjustments to reflect the credit risk of both the derivative counterparty and ourselves as well as the impact of contractual factors designed to reduce our credit exposure, such as collateral and legal
rights of offset under master netting agreements. Inputs into determining the appropriate credit valuation adjustments are typically obtained from publicly available information and include credit default swap spreads when available, credit spreads
derived from specific bond yields, or published cumulative default experience data adjusted for current trends when credit default swap spreads are not available.

The fair value of other invested assets is determined using quoted prices in active markets for identical securities or similar securities. When quoted prices in active
markets are not available, fair value is determined using equity valuation models, which include discounted cash flow analysis and other techniques that involve benchmark comparison. Valuation inputs primarily include projected future operating cash
flows and earnings, dividends, market discount rates, and earnings multiples of comparable companies.

The fair value of investment properties is generally determined
using property valuation models that are based on expected capitalization rates and models that discount expected future net cash flows at current market interest rates reflective of the characteristics, location, and market of each property.
Expected future net cash flows include contractual and projected cash flows and forecasted operating expenses, and take into account interest, rental, and occupancy rates derived from market surveys. The estimates of future cash inflows in addition
to expected rental income from current leases, include projected income from future leases based on significant assumptions that are consistent with current market conditions. The future rental rates are estimated based on the location, type, and
quality of the properties, and take into account market data and projections at the valuation date. The fair values are typically compared to market-based information for reasonability, including recent transactions involving comparable assets. The
methodologies and inputs used in these models are in accordance with real estate industry valuation standards. Valuations are prepared externally or internally by professionally accredited real estate appraisers.

The fair value of short-term securities is approximated by their carrying amount, adjusted for credit risk where appropriate.

The fair value of investments for account of segregated fund holders is determined using quoted prices in active markets or independent valuation information provided by
investment managers. The fair value of direct investments within investments for account of segregated fund holders, such as short-term securities and government and corporate debt securities, is determined according to valuation methodologies and
inputs described above in the respective asset type sections.

The methodologies and assumptions for determining the fair values of investment contract liabilities
are included in Note 10.B.

5.A.iii Fair Value Hierarchy

We categorize
our assets and liabilities carried at fair value, based on the priority of the inputs to the valuation techniques used to measure fair value, into a three-level fair value hierarchy as follows:

Level 1: Fair value is based on the unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in an active market. The types of assets and liabilities classified
as Level 1 generally include cash and cash equivalents, certain U.S. government and agency securities, exchange- traded equity securities, and certain segregated and mutual fund units held for account of segregated fund holders.

Level 2: Fair value is based on quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities traded in active markets, or prices from valuation techniques that use significant
observable inputs, or inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated with observable market data through correlation or other means. The types of assets and liabilities classified as Level 2 generally include Canadian federal,
provincial and municipal government, other foreign government and corporate debt securities, certain asset-backed securities, OTC derivatives, and certain segregated and mutual fund units held for account of segregated fund holders.

Level 3: Fair value is based on valuation techniques that require one or more significant inputs that are not based on observable market inputs. These unobservable
inputs reflect our expectations about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. The types of assets and liabilities classified as Level 3 generally include certain corporate bonds, certain other invested
assets, and investment properties.

118    Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Our assets and liabilities that are carried at fair value on a recurring basis by hierarchy level are as follows:

As at   December 31, 2018   December 31, 2017
Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total
Assets
Cash, cash equivalents and short-term securities   $   8,926   $   580   $   –   $   9,506   $   7,683   $   1,207   $   –   $   8,890
Debt securities – fair value through profit or loss   1,253   59,776   373   61,402   1,103   58,447   417   59,967
Debt securities – available-for-sale   1,513   11,485   43   13,041   818   11,698   136   12,652
Equity securities – fair value through profit or loss   1,967   1,845   202   4,014   3,379   1,532   167   5,078
Equity securities – available-for-sale   398   186   36   620   710   194   38   942
Derivative assets   27   1,085   –   1,112   27   1,451   –   1,478
Other invested assets   898   183   2,241   3,322   912   140   1,721   2,773
Investment properties   –   –   7,157   7,157   –   –   7,067   7,067
Total invested assets measured at fair value   $   14,982   $   75,140   $   10,052   $   100,174   $   14,632   $   74,669   $   9,546   $   98,847
Investments for account of segregated fund holders   24,705   76,761   1,596   103,062   27,481   77,757   1,154   106,392
Total assets measured at fair value   $   39,687   $   151,901   $   11,648   $   203,236   $   42,113   $   152,426   $   10,700   $   205,239
Liabilities
Investment contract liabilities   $   –   $   –   $   3   $   3   $   –   $   –   $   3   $   3
Derivative liabilities   11   2,284   –   2,295   5   1,751   –   1,756
Total liabilities measured at fair value   $   11   $   2,284   $   3   $   2,298   $   5   $   1,751   $   3   $   1,759
Debt securities – fair value through profit or loss consist of
the following:
As at   December 31, 2018   December 31, 2017
Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total
Canadian federal government   $   –   $   3,815   $   15   $   3,830   $   –   $   3,351   $   15   $   3,366
Canadian provincial and municipal government   –   11,852   14   11,866   –   12,142   16   12,158
U.S. government and agency   1,253   125   2   1,380   1,103   125   3   1,231
Other foreign government   –   4,895   34   4,929   –   5,318   43   5,361
Corporate   –   34,665   205   34,870   –   33,864   306   34,170
Asset-backed securities:
Commercial mortgage-backed securities   –   1,464   3   1,467   –   1,459   1   1,460
Residential mortgage-backed securities   –   1,961   –   1,961   –   1,625   –   1,625
Collateralized debt obligations   –   143   –   143   –   55   –   55
Other   –   856   100   956   –   508   33   541
Total debt securities – fair value through profit or
loss   $   1,253   $   59,776   $   373   $   61,402   $   1,103   $   58,447   $   417   $   59,967
Debt securities – available-for-sale consist of the following:
As at   December 31, 2018   December 31, 2017
Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total
Canadian federal government   $   –   $   1,746   $   –   $   1,746   $   –   $   1,832   $   –   $   1,832
Canadian provincial and municipal government   –   1,199   –   1,199   –   1,138   –   1,138
U.S. government and agency   1,513   14   –   1,527   818   –   –   818
Other foreign government   –   716   1   717   –   752   –   752
Corporate   –   4,971   42   5,013   –   5,838   56   5,894
Asset-backed securities:
Commercial mortgage-backed securities   –   766   –   766   –   744   –   744
Residential mortgage-backed securities   –   386   –   386   –   398   –   398
Collateralized debt obligations   –   804   –   804   –   345   69   414
Other   –   883   –   883   –   651   11   662
Total debt securities – available-for-sale   $   1,513   $   11,485   $   43   $   13,041   $   818   $   11,698   $   136   $   12,652

During 2018 and 2017, we did not have any significant transfers between Level 1 and Level 2.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018    119

The following table provides a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances for assets that are categorized in
Level 3:

For the year ended   Debt securities – fair value through profit or loss   Debt securities – available-for- sale   Equity securities – fair value through profit or loss   Equity securities – available-for- sale   Other invested assets   Investment properties   Total invested assets measured at fair value   Investments for account of segregated fund holders   Total assets measured at fair value
December 31, 2018
Beginning balance   $   417   $   136   $   167   $   38   $   1,721   $   7,067   $   9,546   $   1,154   $   10,700
Included in net income (1)(3)(5)   (4   )   –   9   –   69   441   515   29   544
Included in OCI (3)   –   (5   )   –   (8   )   (9   )   –   (22   )   –   (22   )
Purchases   164   140   19   4   644   621   1,592   430   2,022
Sales   (49   )   (6   )   –   (1   )   (227   )   (1,113   )   (1,396   )   (31   )   (1,427   )
Settlements   (21   )   (4   )   –   (1   )   –   –   (26   )   (1   )   (27   )
Transfers into Level 3 (2)   12   1   –   1   –   –   14   4   18
Transfers (out) of Level 3 (2)   (159   )   (221   )   –   –   –   –   (380   )   (5   )   (385   )
Foreign currency translation (4)   13   2   7   3   43   141   209   16   225
Ending balance   $   373   $   43   $   202   $   36   $   2,241   $   7,157   $   10,052   $   1,596   $   11,648
Gains (losses) included in earnings relating to instruments
still held at the reporting date (1)   $   5   $   –   $   9   $   –   $   69   $   331   $   414   $   27   $   441
December 31, 2017
Beginning balance   $   442   $   191   $   144   $   7   $   1,544   $   6,592   $   8,920   $   865   $   9,785
Included in net income (1)(3)(5)   (3   )   (1   )   7   –   (59   )   158   102   60   162
Included in OCI (3)   –   –   –   –   18   –   18   –   18
Purchases   180   215   34   32   505   448   1,414   302   1,716
Sales   (41   )   (2   )   (7   )   –   (318   )   (277   )   (645   )   (77   )   (722   )
Settlements   (66   )   (5   )   (7   )   –   –   –   (78   )   (1   )   (79   )
Transfers into Level 3 (2)(6)   204   –   –   –   49   259   512   –   512
Transfers (out) of Level 3 (2)   (284   )   (262   )   –   –   –   –   (546   )   –   (546   )
Foreign currency translation (4)   (15   )   –   (4   )   (1   )   (18   )   (113   )   (151   )   5   (146   )
Ending balance   $   417   $   136   $   167   $   38   $   1,721   $   7,067   $   9,546   $   1,154   $   10,700
Gains (losses) included in earnings relating to instruments still
held at the reporting date (1)   $   –   $   –   $   8   $   –   $   (59)   $   147   $   96   $   27   $   123

(1)   Included in Net investment income (loss) for Total invested assets measured at fair value in our Consolidated Statements
of Operations.

(2)   Transfers into Level 3 occur when the inputs used to price the assets and liabilities lack observable market data,
and as a result, no longer meet the Level 1 or 2 definitions at the reporting date. Transfers out of Level 3 occur when the pricing inputs become more transparent and satisfy the Level 1 or 2 criteria and are primarily the result of
observable market data being available at the reporting date, thus removing the requirement to rely on inputs that lack observability.

(3)   Total gains and losses in net income (loss) and OCI are calculated assuming transfers into or out of Level 3 occur at
the beginning of the period. For an asset or liability that transfers into Level 3 during the reporting period, the entire change in fair value for the period is included in the table above. For transfers out of Level 3 during the
reporting period, the change in fair value for the period is excluded from the table above.

(4)   Foreign currency translation relates to the foreign exchange impact of translating Level 3 assets and liabilities of
foreign subsidiaries from their functional currencies to Canadian dollars.

(5)   Investment properties included in net income is comprised of fair value changes on investment properties of $529 ($211 in
2017) net of amortization of leasing commissions and tenant inducements of $88 ($53 in 2017).

(6)   Transfers into Level 3 in Investment properties includes the reclassification of our former head office location in
2017, previously classified as owner- occupied with a fair value of $259 at the time of transfer from Other assets to Investment properties. The reclassification recognized a revaluation surplus of $172, which was recorded as an increase of $139 of
accumulated other comprehensive income, net of taxes of $33.

Unobservable Inputs and Sensitivity for Level 3 Assets

Our assets categorized in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy are primarily Investment properties, Debt securities, and Other invested assets.

The fair value of Investment properties is determined by using the discounted cash flows methodology as described in Note 5.A.ii. The key unobservable inputs used in the
valuation of investment properties as at December 31, 2018 include the following:

•   Estimated rental value: The estimated rental value is based on contractual rent and other local market lease transactions
net of reimbursable operating expenses. An increase (decrease) in the estimated rental value would result in a higher (lower) fair value. The estimated rental value varies depending on the property types, which include retail, office, and industrial
properties. The estimated rental value (in dollars, per square foot, per annum) ranges from $12.00 to $76.00 for retail and office properties and from $3.00 to $11.00 for industrial properties.

•   Rental growth rate: The rental growth rate is typically estimated based on expected market behaviour, which is influenced by
the type of property and geographic region of the property. An increase (decrease) in the rental growth rate would result in a higher (lower) fair value. The rental growth rate (per annum) ranges from 0.00% to 3.00%.

•   Long-term vacancy rate: The long-term vacancy rate is typically estimated based on expected market behaviour, which is
influenced by the type of property and geographic region of the property. An increase (decrease) in the long-term vacancy rate would result in a lower (higher) fair value. The long-term vacancy rate ranges from 2.00% to 10.00%.

•   Discount rate: The discount rate is derived from market activity across various property types and geographic regions and is
a reflection of the expected rate of return to be realized on the investment over the next 10 years. An increase (decrease) in the discount rate would result in a lower (higher) fair value. The discount rate ranges from 4.00% to 10.25%.

•   Terminal capitalization rate: The terminal capitalization rate is derived from market activity across various property types
and geographic regions and is a reflection of the expected rate of return to be realized on the investment over the remainder of its life after the 10-year period. An increase (decrease) in the terminal
capitalization rate would result in a lower (higher) fair value. The terminal capitalization rate ranges from 4.25% to 8.75%.

120    Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Changes in the estimated rental value are positively correlated with changes in the rental growth rate. Changes in the
estimated rental value are negatively correlated with changes in the long-term vacancy rate, the discount rate, and the terminal capitalization rate.

Our Debt
securities categorized in Level 3, which are included in Debt securities – FVTPL and Debt securities – AFS in the Level 3 roll forward table, consist primarily of corporate bonds. The fair value of these corporate bonds is
generally determined using broker quotes that cannot be corroborated with observable market transactions. Significant unobservable inputs for these corporate bonds would include issuer spreads, which are comprised of credit, liquidity, and other
security-specific features of the bonds. An increase (decrease) in these issuer spreads would result in a lower (higher) fair value. Due to the unobservable nature of these broker quotes, we do not assess whether applying reasonably possible
alternative assumptions would have an impact on the fair value of the Level 3 corporate bonds. The majority of our debt securities categorized in Level 3 are FVTPL assets supporting insurance contract liabilities. Changes in the fair value
of these assets supporting insurance contract liabilities are largely offset by changes in the corresponding insurance contract liabilities under CALM. As a result, though using reasonably possible alternative assumptions may have an impact on the
fair value of the Level 3 debt securities, it would not have a significant impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.

The Other invested assets
categorized in Level 3, which are included in Other invested assets – FVTPL and Other invested assets – AFS in the Level 3 roll forward table, consists primarily of limited partnership investments. The fair value of our limited
partnership investments are based on net asset value (“NAV”) provided by management of the limited partnership investments. Based on the unobservable nature of these NAVs, we do not assess whether applying reasonably possible alternative
assumptions would have an impact on the fair value of the Level 3 limited partnership investments.

Valuation Process for Level 3 Assets

Our assets categorized in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy are primarily Investment properties, Debt securities, and limited partnership investments included in
Other invested assets. Our valuation processes for these assets are as follows:

The fair value of Investment properties are based on the results of appraisals
performed annually and reviewed quarterly for material changes. The valuation methodology used to determine the fair value is in accordance with the standards of the Appraisal Institute of Canada, the U.S., and the U.K. Investment properties are
appraised externally at least once every three years. Investment properties not appraised externally in a given year are reviewed by qualified appraisers. A management committee, including investment professionals, reviews the fair value of
Investment properties for overall reasonability.

The fair value of Debt securities is generally obtained by external pricing services. We obtain an understanding of
inputs and valuation methods used by external pricing services. When fair value cannot be obtained from external pricing services, broker quotes, or internal models subject to detailed review and validation processes are used. The fair value of debt
securities is subject to price validation and review procedures to ensure overall reasonability.

The fair value of limited partnership investments, included in Other
invested assets, is based on NAV. The financial statements used in calculating the NAV are generally audited annually. We review the NAV of the limited partnership investments and perform analytical and other procedures to ensure the fair value is
reasonable.

5.B Interest and Other Investment Income

Interest and other
investment income consist of the following:

For the years ended December 31,   2018   2017
Interest income:
Cash, cash equivalents and short-term securities   $   131   $   65
Debt securities – fair value through profit or loss   2,312   2,292
Debt securities – available-for-sale   384   352
Mortgages and loans   2,050   1,928
Derivative investments   45   70
Policy loans   175   165
Total interest income   5,097   4,872
Equity securities – dividends on fair value through profit or loss   160   159
Equity securities – dividends on available-for-sale   14   15
Investment properties rental income (1)   594   623
Investment properties expenses   (259   )   (286   )
Other income   242   223
Investment expenses and taxes   (207   )   (193   )
Total interest and other investment income   $   5,641   $   5,413

(1)   Comprised of operating lease rental income.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018    121

5.C Fair Value and Foreign Currency Changes on Assets and Liabilities

Fair value and foreign currency changes on assets and liabilities recorded to net income consist of the following:

For the years ended December 31,   2018   2017
Fair value change:
Cash, cash equivalents and short-term securities   $   8   $   1
Debt securities   (2,704   )   1,630
Equity securities   (401   )   441
Derivative investments   (1,295   )   649
Other invested assets   16   59
Total change in fair value through profit or loss assets and liabilities   (4,376   )   2,780
Fair value changes on investment properties   529   211
Foreign exchange gains (losses) (1)   446   (388   )
Realized gains (losses) on property and equipment (2)   28   –
Fair value and foreign currency changes on assets and
liabilities   $   (3,373   )   $   2,603

(1)   Primarily arises from the translation of foreign currency denominated AFS monetary assets and mortgage and loans. Any
offsetting amounts arising from foreign currency derivatives are included in the fair value change on derivative investments.

(2)   In 2018, we sold and leased back a property in Waterloo, Ontario. The transaction qualified as a sale and operating lease
and as a result, we recognized a gain of $28.

5.D Cash, Cash Equivalents and Short-Term Securities

Cash, cash equivalents and short-term securities presented in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position and Net cash, cash equivalents and short-term securities
presented in our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows consist of the following:

As at December 31,   2018   2017
Cash   $   2,089   $   1,504
Cash equivalents   5,209   4,592
Short-term securities   2,208   2,794
Cash, cash equivalents and short-term securities   9,506   8,890
Less: Bank overdraft, recorded in Other liabilities   104   140
Net cash, cash equivalents and short-term securities   $   9,402   $   8,750

5.E Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities

The fair values of derivative financial instruments by major class of derivatives are as follows:

As at December 31,   2018   2017
Fair value   Fair value
Assets   Liabilities   Assets   Liabilities
Interest rate contracts   $   922   $   (440   )   $   1,188   $   (518   )
Foreign exchange contracts   130   (1,820   )   177   (1,232   )
Other contracts   60   (35   )   113   (6   )
Total derivatives   $   1,112   $   (2,295   )   $   1,478   $   (1,756   )

The following table presents the fair values of derivative assets and liabilities categorized by type of hedge for accounting purposes and
derivative investments:

As at December 31,   2018   2017
Total notional amount   Fair value   Total notional amount   Fair value
Assets   Liabilities   Assets   Liabilities
Derivative investments (1)   $   58,268   $   1,101   $   (2,134   )   $   53,299   $   1,439   $   (1,575   )
Fair value hedges   779   –   (153   )   690   2   (181   )
Cash flow hedges   151   11   (8   )   132   37   –
Total derivatives   $   59,198   $   1,112   $    (2,295   )   $   54,121   $   1,478   $    (1,756   )

(1)   Derivative investments are derivatives that have not been designated as hedges for accounting purposes.

We did not have any net investment hedges in 2018 or 2017.

122    Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Hedge ineffectiveness recognized in Interest and other investment income consists of the following:

For the years ended December 31,   2018   2017
Fair value hedging ineffectiveness:
Gains (losses) on the hedged items attributable to the hedged risk   $   (41   )   $   (22   )
Gains (losses) on the hedging derivatives   40   19
Net ineffectiveness on fair value hedges   $   (1   )   $   (3   )

For cash flow hedges, we had hedge ineffectiveness of $1 in 2018 ($3 in 2017). We expect to reclassify a loss of $2 from accumulated OCI
to net income within the next 12 months that relates to cash flow hedges of anticipated award payments under certain share-based payment plans that are expected to occur in 2019, 2020 and 2021. The reclassification of accumulated OCI to income
relating to these foreign currency forwards occurs upon disposal or impairment of the foreign operation.

5.F Transfers of Financial Assets

We enter into transactions, including mortgage securitization, repurchase agreements and securities lending, where we transfer financial assets while retaining the risks
and rewards of ownership of the assets. These transferred financial assets are not derecognized and remain on our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. The carrying value of the transferred assets and the associated liabilities are
described in the sections below.

5.F.i Mortgage Securitization

We
securitize certain insured fixed rate commercial mortgages through the creation of mortgage-backed securities under the National Housing Act Mortgage-Backed Securities (“NHA MBS”) Program sponsored by the Canada Mortgage and Housing
Corporation (“CMHC”). The NHA MBS are then sold to Canada Housing Trust, a government-sponsored security trust that issues securities to third- party investors under the Canadian Mortgage Bond (“CMB”) program. The securitization
of these assets does not qualify for derecognition as we have not transferred substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership. Specifically, we continue to be exposed to
pre-payment
 and interest rate
risk associated with these assets. There are no expected credit losses on the securitized mortgages, as the mortgages were already insured by the CMHC prior to securitization. These assets continue to be recognized as Mortgages and loans in our
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. Proceeds from securitization transactions are recognized as secured borrowings and included in Other liabilities in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.

Receipts of principal on the securitized mortgages are deposited into a principal reinvestment account (“PRA”) to meet our repayment obligation upon maturity
under the CMB program. The assets in the PRA are typically comprised of cash and cash equivalents and certain asset-backed securities. We are exposed to reinvestment risk due to the amortizing nature of the securitized mortgages relative to our
repayment obligation for the full principal amount due at maturity. We mitigate this reinvestment risk using interest rate swaps.

The carrying value and fair value
of the securitized mortgages as at December 31, 2018 are $1,328 and $1,318, respectively ($1,283 and $1,267 as at December 31, 2017). The carrying value and fair value of the associated liabilities as at December 31, 2018 are $1,453
and $1,446, respectively ($1,355 and $1,346 as at December 31, 2017). The carrying value of asset-backed securities in the PRA as at December 31, 2018 and 2017 are $124 and $75, respectively. There are no cash and cash equivalents in the
PRA as at December 31, 2018 and 2017.

The fair value of the secured borrowings from mortgage securitization is based on the methodologies and assumptions for
asset-backed securities described in Note 5.A.ii. The fair value of these liabilities is categorized in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy as at December 31, 2018 and 2017.

5.F.ii Repurchase Agreements

We enter into repurchase agreements for
operational funding and liquidity purposes. Repurchase agreements have maturities ranging from 7 to 365 days, averaging 127 days, and bear interest at an average rate of 1.92% as at December 31, 2018 (1.25% as at December 31, 2017). The
carrying values of the transferred assets and the obligations related to their repurchase, which approximate their fair values, are $1,824 as at December 31, 2018 ($1,976 as at December 31, 2017). These liabilities are categorized in
Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. Collateral primarily consists of cash and cash equivalents as well as government guaranteed securities. Details on the collateral pledged are included in Note 6.A.ii.

5.F.iii Securities Lending

The Company engages in securities lending to
generate additional income. Certain securities from its portfolio are lent to other institutions for short periods. Collateral exceeding the fair value of the securities lent is deposited by the borrower with a lending agent, usually a securities
custodian, and maintained by the lending agent until the underlying security has been returned to us. The fair value of the securities lent is monitored on a daily basis with additional collateral obtained or refunded as the fair values fluctuate.
Collateral primarily consists of Canadian federal and provincial government securities and cash and cash equivalents. Certain arrangements allow us to invest the cash collateral received for the securities lent. The carrying values of the securities
lent approximate their fair values. The carrying values of the securities lent and the related collateral held are $2,217 and $2,338 as at December 31, 2018 ($1,467 and $1,546 as at December 31, 2017).

 6.
Financial Instrument Risk Management

The significant risks related to financial instruments are credit risk, market risk (including equity risk, interest rate and spread risk, and foreign currency risk) and
liquidity risk. The following sections describe how we manage these risks.

Some of our financial instruments risk management policies and procedures are described in
our Annual Management’s Discussion and Analysis (“MD&A”) for the year ended December 31, 2018. The shaded text and tables in the Risk Management section of the

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018    123

MD&A represent part of our disclosures on credit, market and liquidity risks and include a description of how we measure our risk and our objectives, policies and methodologies for managing
these risks. Therefore, the shaded text and tables are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

We use derivative instruments to manage market
risks related to equity market, interest rate and currency fluctuations and in replication strategies for permissible investments. We do not engage in speculative investment in derivatives. The gap in market sensitivities or exposures between
liabilities and supporting assets is monitored and managed within defined tolerance limits, by using derivative instruments, where appropriate. We use models and techniques to measure the effectiveness of our risk management strategies.

6.A Credit Risk

Risk Description

Credit risk is the possibility of loss from amounts owed by our borrowers or financial counterparties. We are subject to credit risk in connection with issuers of
securities held in our investment portfolio, debtors, structured securities, reinsurers, counterparties (including derivative, repurchase agreement and securities lending counterparties), other financial institutions and other entities. Losses may
occur when a counterparty fails to make timely payments pursuant to the terms of the underlying contractual arrangement or when the counterparty’s credit rating or risk profile otherwise deteriorates. Credit risk can also arise in connection
with deterioration in the value of, or ability to realize, any underlying security that may be used as collateral for the debt obligation. Credit risk can occur as a result of broad economic conditions, challenges within specific sectors of the
economy, or from issues affecting individual companies. Events that result in defaults, impairments or downgrades of the securities in our investment portfolio would cause the Company to record realized or unrealized losses and may cause an increase
in our provisions for asset default, adversely impacting earnings.

Credit Risk Management Governance and Control

We employ a wide range of credit risk management practices and controls, as outlined below:

•   Credit risk governance practices are in place, including independent monitoring and review and reporting to senior
management and the Risk & Conduct Review Committee.

•   Risk appetite limits have been established for credit risk.

•   Income and regulatory capital sensitivities are monitored, managed and reported against pre-established risk limits.

•   Comprehensive Investment and Credit Risk Management Policy, guidelines and practices are in place.

•   Specific investment diversification requirements are in place, such as defined investment limits for asset class, geography,
and industry.

•   Risk-based credit portfolio, counterparty, and sector exposure limits have been established.

•   Mandatory use of credit quality ratings for portfolio investments has been established and is reviewed regularly. These
internal rating decisions for new fixed income investments and ongoing review of existing rating decisions are independently adjudicated by Corporate Risk Management.

•   Comprehensive due diligence processes and ongoing credit analyses are conducted.

•   Regulatory solvency requirements include risk-based capital requirements and are monitored regularly.

•   Comprehensive compliance monitoring practices and procedures including reporting against pre-established investment limits are in place.

•   Reinsurance exposures are monitored to ensure that no single reinsurer represents an undue level of credit risk.

•   Stress-testing techniques, such as Dynamic Capital Adequacy Testing (“DCAT”), are used to measure the effects of
large and sustained adverse credit developments.

•   Insurance contract liabilities are established in accordance with Canadian actuarial standards of practice.

•   Internal capital targets are established at an enterprise level to cover all risks and are above minimum regulatory and
supervisory levels. Actual capital levels are monitored to ensure they exceed internal targets.

6.A.i Maximum Exposure to Credit Risk

Our maximum credit exposure related to financial instruments as at December 31 is the balance as presented in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as we
believe that these carrying amounts best represent the maximum exposure to credit risk. The credit exposure for debt securities may be increased to the extent that the amounts recovered from default are insufficient to satisfy the actuarial
liability cash flows that the assets are intended to support.

The positive fair value of derivative assets is used to determine the credit risk exposure if the
counterparties were to default. The credit risk exposure is the cost of replacing, at current market rates, all derivative contracts with a positive fair value. Additionally, we have credit exposure to items not on the Consolidated Statements of
Financial Position as follows:

As at December 31,   2018   2017
Off-balance sheet items:
Loan commitments (1)   $   2,460   $   1,740
Guarantees   –   12
Total off-balance sheet
items   $   2,460   $   1,752

(1)   Loan commitments include commitments to extend credit under commercial and multi-family residential mortgages and private
debt securities not quoted in an active market. Commitments on debt securities contain provisions that allow for withdrawal of the commitment if there is deterioration in the credit quality of the borrower.

6.A.ii Right of Offset and Collateral

We invest in financial assets which may
be secured by real estate properties, pools of financial assets, third-party financial guarantees, credit insurance, and other arrangements.

For OTC derivatives,
collateral is collected from and pledged to counterparties to manage credit exposure according to the Credit Support Annex (“CSA”), which forms part of the International Swaps and Derivatives Association’s (“ISDA”) master
agreements. It is common practice to execute a CSA in conjunction with an ISDA master agreement. Under the ISDA master agreements for OTC

124    Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

derivatives, we have a right of offset in the event of default, insolvency, bankruptcy, or other early termination. In the ordinary course of business, bilateral OTC exposures under these
agreements are substantially mitigated through associated collateral agreements with a majority of our counterparties.

For exchange-traded derivatives subject to
derivative clearing agreements with the exchanges and clearinghouses, there is no provision for
set-off
 at default. Initial margin is excluded from the table below as it would become part of a pooled
settlement process.

For repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements, assets are sold or purchased with a commitment to resell or repurchase at a future
date. Additional collateral may be pledged to or collected from counterparties to manage credit exposure according to bilateral repurchase or reverse repurchase agreements. In the event of default by a counterparty, we are entitled to liquidate the
assets we hold as collateral to offset against obligations to the same counterparty.

In the case of securities lending, assets are lent with a commitment from the
counterparty to return at a future date. Cash or securities are received as collateral from the counterparty. In the event of default by the counterparty, we are entitled to liquidate the assets we hold as collateral to offset against obligations to
the same counterparty.

We do not offset financial instruments in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position, as our rights of offset are conditional. The
following tables present the effect of conditional netting and similar arrangements. Similar arrangements include global master repurchase agreements, security lending agreements, and any related rights to financial collateral.

As at December 31,   2018   2017
Financial instruments presented in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position (1)   Related amounts not set off in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position   Financial instruments presented in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position (1)   Related amounts not set off in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position
Financial instruments subject to master netting or
similar agreements   Financial collateral (received) pledged (2)   Net amount   Financial instruments subject to master netting or similar agreements   Financial collateral (received) pledged (2)   Net amount
Financial assets
Derivative assets (Note 6.A.v)   $   1,112   $   (768   )   $   (298   )   $   46   $   1,478   $   (694   )   $   (662   )   $   122
Reverse repurchase agreements (Note 8)   17   (17   )   –   –   –   –   –   –
Total financial assets   $   1,129   $   (785   )   $   (298   )   $   46   $   1,478   $   (694   )   $   (662   )   $   122
Financial liabilities
Derivative liabilities   $   (2,295   )   $   768   $   1,132   $   (395   )   $   (1,756   )   $   694   $   754   $   (308   )
Repurchase agreements (Note 5.F.ii)   (1,824   )   17   1,807   –   (1,976   )   –   1,976   –
Total financial liabilities   $   (4,119   )   $   785   $   2,939   $   (395   )   $   (3,732   )   $   694   $   2,730   $   (308   )

(1)   Net amounts of the financial instruments presented in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position are the same as
our gross recognized financial instruments, as we do not offset financial instruments in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.

(2)   Financial collateral excludes overcollateralization and for exchange-traded derivatives, initial margin. Total financial
collateral, including initial margin and overcollateralization, received on derivative assets was $470 ($853 as at December 31, 2017), received on reverse repurchase agreements was $17 ($nil as at December 31, 2017), pledged on derivative
liabilities was $1,726 ($1,127 as at December 31, 2017), and pledged on repurchase agreements was $1,824 ($1,976 as at December 31, 2017).

6.A.iii Concentration Risk

Concentrations of credit risk arise from exposures
to a single debtor, a group of related debtors, or groups of debtors that have similar credit risk characteristics, such as groups of debtors in the same economic or geographic regions or in similar industries. Related issuers may have similar
economic characteristics so that their ability to meet contractual obligations may be impacted similarly by changes in the economic or political conditions. We manage this risk by appropriately diversifying our investment portfolio through the use
of concentration limits. In particular, we maintain policies which set counterparty exposure limits to manage the credit exposure for investments in any single issuer or to the same underlying credit. Exceptions exist for investments in securities
which are issued or guaranteed by the Government of Canada, U.S. or U.K. and issuers for which the Risk & Conduct Review Committee have granted specific approval. Mortgages are collateralized by the related property, and generally do not
exceed 75% of the value of the property at the time the original loan is made. Our mortgages and loans are diversified by type and location and, for mortgages, by borrower. Loans provide diversification benefits (name, industry and geography) and
often provide stronger covenants and collateral than public debt securities, thereby providing both better credit protection and potentially higher recoveries in the event of default. The following tables provide details of the debt securities,
mortgages, and loans held by issuer country, geographic location and industry sector, where applicable.

The carrying value of debt securities by geographic location
is shown in the following table. The geographic location is based on the country of the creditor’s parent.

As at December 31,   2018   2017
Fair value through profit or loss   Available- for-sale   Total debt securities   Fair value through profit or loss   Available- for-sale   Total debt securities
Canada   $    25,091   $      4,217   $    29,308   $    24,132   $      4,114   $    28,246
United States   21,329   5,917   27,246   20,758   5,719   26,477
United Kingdom   5,092   565   5,657   5,319   590   5,909
Other   9,890   2,342   12,232   9,758   2,229   11,987
Balance   $    61,402   $    13,041   $    74,443   $    59,967   $    12,652   $    72,619

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018    125

The carrying value of debt securities by issuer and industry sector is shown in the following table:

As at December 31,   2018   2017
Fair value through profit or loss   Available- for-sale   Total debt securities   Fair value through profit or loss   Available- for-sale   Total debt securities
Debt securities issued or guaranteed by:
Canadian federal government   $   3,830   $   1,746   $   5,576   $   3,366   $   1,832   $   5,198
Canadian provincial and municipal government   11,866   1,199   13,065   12,158   1,138   13,296
U.S. government and agency   1,380   1,527   2,907   1,231   818   2,049
Other foreign government   4,929   717   5,646   5,361   752   6,113
Total government issued or guaranteed debt securities   22,005   5,189   27,194   22,116   4,540   26,656
Corporate debt securities by industry
sector (1) :
Financials   8,390   1,470   9,860   7,856   1,705   9,561
Utilities   6,353   528   6,881   6,756   550   7,306
Industrials   4,053   590   4,643   4,090   707   4,797
Energy   3,628   340   3,968   3,657   455   4,112
Communication services (2)   2,826   481   3,307   2,826   545   3,371
Real estate   2,640   376   3,016   2,213   366   2,579
Health care   1,734   299   2,033   1,256   323   1,579
Consumer staples   1,625   257   1,882   1,920   351   2,271
Consumer discretionary (2)   1,372   209   1,581   1,329   363   1,692
Materials   1,225   256   1,481   1,211   262   1,473
Information
technology (2)   1,024   207   1,231   1,056   267   1,323
Total corporate debt securities   34,870   5,013   39,883   34,170   5,894   40,064
Asset-backed securities   4,527   2,839   7,366   3,681   2,218   5,899
Total debt securities   $   61,402   $   13,041   $   74,443   $   59,967   $   12,652   $   72,619

(1)   Balances in 2017 have been changed to conform with current year presentation.

(2)   Our grouping of debt securities by sector is based on the Global Industry Classification Standard and S&P Dow Jones
Indices. During 2018, certain Consumer discretionary and Information technology debt securities were moved to the Communication services sector.

The carrying value of mortgages and loans by geographic location and type is shown in the following tables. The geographic location for mortgages is based on location of
property, while for corporate loans it is based on the country of the creditor’s parent.

As at December 31, 2018   Canada   United States   United Kingdom   Other   Total
Mortgages
Retail   $   1,921   $   2,281   $   –   $   –   $   4,202
Office   1,811   2,417   –   –   4,228
Multi-family residential   3,455   1,920   –   –   5,375
Industrial and land   752   1,154   –   –   1,906
Other   618   104   –   –   722
Total mortgages (1)   $   8,557   $   7,876   $   –   $   –   $   16,433
Loans   $   13,238   $   11,458   $   2,547   $   3,146   $   30,389
Total mortgages and loans   $   21,795   $   19,334   $   2,547   $   3,146   $   46,822

(1)   $3,537 of mortgages in Canada are insured by the CMHC.

As at December 31, 2017   Canada   United States   United Kingdom   Other   Total
Mortgages
Retail   $   2,027   $   2,264   $   –   $   –   $   4,291
Office   1,898   2,363   –   –   4,261
Multi-family residential   3,214   1,368   –   –   4,582
Industrial and land   670   990   –   –   1,660
Other   581   118   –   –   699
Total mortgages (1)   $   8,390   $   7,103   $   –   $   –   $   15,493
Loans   $   13,265   $   9,542   $   1,678   $   2,827   $   27,312
Total mortgages and loans   $   21,655   $   16,645   $   1,678   $   2,827   $   42,805

(1)   $3,171 of mortgages in Canada are insured by the CMHC.

126    Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

6.A.iv Contractual Maturities

The contractual maturities of debt securities are shown in the following table. Actual maturities could differ from contractual maturities because of the borrower’s
right to call or extend or right to prepay obligations, with or without prepayment penalties.

As at December 31,   2018   2017
Fair value through profit or loss   Available- for- sale   Total debt securities   Fair value through profit or loss   Available- for- sale   Total debt securities
Due in 1 year or less   $   2,189   $   1,175   $   3,364   $   1,432   $   1,053   $   2,485
Due in years 2-5   9,307   4,865   14,172   7,903   3,465   11,368
Due in years 6-10   10,080   2,580   12,660   10,148   3,177   13,325
Due after 10 years   39,826   4,421   44,247   40,484   4,957   45,441
Total debt securities   $   61,402   $   13,041   $   74,443   $   59,967   $   12,652   $   72,619

The carrying value of mortgages by scheduled maturity, before allowances for losses, is as follows:

As at December 31,   2018   2017
Due in 1 year or less   $   968   $   931
Due in years 2-5   5,118   4,829
Due in years 6-10   7,351   6,963
Due after 10 years   3,021   2,792
Total mortgages   $   16,458   $   15,515

The carrying value of loans by scheduled maturity, before allowances for losses, is as follows:

As at December 31,   2018   2017
Due in 1 year or less   $   1,425   $   1,806
Due in years 2-5   6,968   6,350
Due in years 6-10   5,183   4,968
Due after 10 years   16,863   14,216
Total loans   $   30,439   $   27,340

Notional amounts of derivative financial instruments are the basis for calculating payments and are generally not the actual amounts
exchanged. The following table provides the notional amounts of derivative instruments outstanding by type of derivative and term to maturity:

As at December 31,   2018   2017
Term to maturity   Term to maturity
Under 1 Year   1 to 5 Years   Over 5 Years   Total   Under 1 Year   1 to 5 Years   Over 5 Years   Total
Over-the-counter contracts:
Interest rate contracts:
Forward contracts   $   –   $   –   $   –   $   –   $   469   $   –   $   –   $   469
Swap contracts   1,101   3,506   16,685   21,292   1,348   3,486   16,053   20,887
Options purchased   1,198   2,898   3,737   7,833   1,062   2,266   2,451   5,779
Options written (1)   477   648   225   1,350   –   786   459   1,245
Foreign exchange contracts:
Forward contracts   6,529   15   –   6,544   6,305   42   –   6,347
Swap contracts   532   4,451   9,210   14,193   332   4,198   7,214   11,744
Other contracts:
Forward contracts   127   158   –   285   109   150   –   259
Swap contracts   112   1   –   113   126   1   –   127
Credit derivatives   –   1,329   27   1,356   48   903   170   1,121
Exchange-traded contracts:
Interest rate contracts:
Futures contracts   3,669   –   –   3,669   3,415   –   –   3,415
Equity contracts:
Futures contracts   2,377   –   –   2,377   2,216   –   –   2,216
Options purchased   186   –   –   186   465   47   –   512
Total notional amount   $   16,308   $   13,006   $   29,884   $   59,198   $   15,895   $   11,879   $   26,347   $   54,121

(1)   These are covered short derivative positions that may include interest rate options, swaptions, or floors.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018    127

The following table provides the fair value of derivative instruments outstanding by term to maturity:

As at December 31,   2018   2017
Term to maturity   Term to maturity
Under 1 Year   1 to 5 Years   Over 5 Years   Total   Under 1 Year   1 to 5 Years   Over 5 Years   Total
Derivative assets   $   100   $   150   $   862   $   1,112   $   97   $   226   $   1,155   $   1,478
Derivative liabilities   $   (240   )   $   (555   )   $   (1,500   )   $   (2,295   )   $   (90   )   $   (347   )   $   (1,319   )   $   (1,756   )

6.A.v Asset Quality

The following sections
describe our assessment of the credit quality of our financial assets. We monitor credit quality based on internal risk ratings as well as ratings assigned by external rating agencies where available.

Debt Securities by Credit Rating

Investment grade debt securities are those
rated BBB and above. Our debt security portfolio was 99% investment grade based on carrying value as at December 31, 2018 (98% as at December 31, 2017). The credit risk ratings were established in accordance with the internal rating
process described in the Credit Risk Management Governance and Control section.

The following table summarizes our debt securities by credit quality:

As at December 31,   2018   2017
Fair value through profit or loss   Available- for- sale   Total debt securities   Fair value through profit or loss   Available- for-sale   Total debt securities
Debt securities by credit rating:
AAA   $      9,728   $      5,919   $    15,647   $      8,579   $      4,870   $    13,449
AA   14,208   2,044   16,252   14,006   1,809   15,815
A   19,089   2,447   21,536   19,603   3,000   22,603
BBB   17,646   2,483   20,129   16,894   2,674   19,568
BB and lower   731   148   879   885   299   1,184
Total debt securities   $    61,402   $    13,041   $    74,443   $    59,967   $    12,652   $    72,619

Mortgages and Loans by Credit Rating

The
credit quality of mortgages and loans is evaluated internally through regular monitoring of credit-related exposures. We use judgment and experience to determine what factors should be considered when assigning an internal credit rating, which is
validated through the use of credit scoring models, to a particular mortgage or corporate loan. The internal credit ratings reflect the credit quality of the borrower as well as the value of any collateral held as security.

The following tables summarize our mortgages and loans by credit quality indicator:

As at December 31,   2018   2017
Mortgages by credit rating:
Insured   $   3,537   $   3,171
AAA   3   4
AA   2,209   1,716
A   4,841   4,304
BBB   4,925   5,060
BB and lower   912   1,227
Impaired   6   11
Total mortgages   $   16,433   $   15,493
As at December 31,   2018   2017
Loans by credit rating:
AAA   $   341   $   400
AA   4,659   3,670
A   11,483   11,626
BBB   12,766   10,745
BB and lower   1,097   810
Impaired   43   61
Total loans   $   30,389   $   27,312

128    Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Derivative Financial Instruments by Counterparty Credit Rating

Derivative instruments consist of bilateral OTC contracts negotiated directly between counterparties, OTC contracts cleared through central clearing houses or
exchange-traded contracts. Since a counterparty failure in an OTC derivative transaction could render it ineffective for hedging purposes, we generally transact our derivative contracts with highly rated counterparties. In limited circumstances, we
enter into transactions with lower-rated counterparties if credit enhancement features are included.

We pledge and hold assets as collateral under CSAs for bilateral
OTC derivative contracts. The collateral is realized in the event of early termination as defined in the agreements. The assets held and pledged are primarily cash and debt securities issued by the Canadian federal government and U.S. government and
agencies. While we are generally permitted to sell or
re-pledge
 the assets held as collateral, we have not sold or
re-pledged
 any assets. Exchange-traded and cleared OTC
derivatives require the posting of initial margin, as well as daily cash settlement of variation margin. The terms and conditions related to the use of the collateral are consistent with industry practice.

Further details on collateral held and pledged as well as the impact of netting arrangements are included in Note 6.A.ii.

The following table shows the OTC derivative financial instruments with a positive fair value split by counterparty credit rating:

As at December 31,   2018   2017
Gross positive replacement cost (2)   Impact of master netting agreements (3)   Net replacement cost (4)   Gross positive replacement cost (2)   Impact of master netting agreements (3)   Net replacement cost (4)
Over-the-counter contracts:
AA   $   289   $   (252   )   $   37   $   113   $   (95   )   $   18
A   750   (507   )   243   872   (589   )   283
BBB   46   (9   )   37   466   (10   )   456
Total over-the-counter derivatives (1)   $   1,085   $   (768   )   $   317   $   1,451   $   (694   )   $   757

(1)   Exchange-traded derivatives with a positive fair value of $27 in 2018 ($27 in 2017) are excluded from the table above, as
they are subject to daily margining requirements. Our credit exposure on these derivatives is with the exchanges and clearinghouses.

(2)   Used to determine the credit risk exposure if the counterparties were to default. The credit risk exposure is the cost of
replacing, at current market rates, all contracts with a positive fair value.

(3)   The credit risk associated with derivative assets subject to master netting arrangements is reduced by derivative
liabilities due to the same counterparty in the event of default or early termination. Our overall exposure to credit risk reduced through master netting arrangements may change substantially following the reporting date as the exposure is affected
by each transaction subject to the arrangement.

(4)   Net replacement cost is positive replacement cost less the impact of master netting agreements.

Credit Default Swaps by Underlying Financial Instrument Credit Rating

Credit
default swaps (“CDS”) are OTC contracts that transfer credit risk related to an underlying referenced financial instrument from one counterparty to another. The purchaser receives protection against the decline in the value of the
referenced financial instrument as a result of specified credit events such as default or bankruptcy. The seller receives a periodic premium in return for payment contingent on a credit event affecting the referenced financial instrument. CDS index
contracts are those where the underlying referenced financial instruments are a group of assets. The Company enters into credit derivatives to replicate credit exposure of an underlying reference security and enhance investment returns. The credit
risk ratings of the underlying reference securities for single name contracts were established in accordance with the internal rating process described in the Credit Risk Management Governance and Control section.

The following table provides a summary of the credit default swap protection sold by credit rating of the underlying reference security:

As at December 31,   2018   2017
Notional amount   Fair value   Notional amount   Fair value
Single name CDS contracts
AA   $   48   $   1   $   67   $   1
A   611   9   584   15
BBB   674   13   446   9
Total single name CDS contracts   $   1,333   $   23   $   1,097   $   25
CDS index contracts   $   23   $   –   $   24   $   –
Total credit default swap contracts   $   1,356   $   23   $   1,121   $   25

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018    129

Reinsurance Assets by Credit Rating

The table below presents the distribution of Reinsurance assets by credit rating:

As at December 31,   2018   2017
Gross exposure   Collateral   Net exposure   Gross exposure   Collateral   Net exposure
Reinsurance assets by credit rating:
AA   $   1,442   $   6   $   1,436   $   1,241   $   4   $   1,237
A   1,760   83   1,677   1,632   99   1,533
BBB   203   132   71   157   116   41
BB   1,677   1,617   60   1,539   1,455   84
B   –   –   –   257   74   183
CCC   252   72   180   –   –   –
Not rated   79   75   4   76   72   4
Total   $   5,413   $   1,985   $   3,428   $   4,902   $   1,820   $   3,082
Less: negative reinsurance assets   1,272   874
Total Reinsurance assets   $   4,141   $   4,028

6.A.vi Impairment of Assets

Management
assesses debt and equity securities, mortgages and loans, and other invested assets for objective evidence of impairment at each reporting date. We employ a portfolio monitoring process to identify assets or groups of assets that have objective
evidence of impairment, having experienced a loss event or events that have an impact on the estimated future cash flows of the asset or group of assets. There are inherent risks and uncertainties in our evaluation of assets or groups of assets for
objective evidence of impairment, including both internal and external factors such as general economic conditions, issuers’ financial conditions and prospects for economic recovery, market interest rates, unforeseen events which affect one or
more issuers or industry sectors, and portfolio management parameters, including asset mix, interest rate risk, portfolio diversification, duration matching, and greater than expected liquidity needs. All of these factors could impact our evaluation
of an asset or group of assets for objective evidence of impairment.

Management exercises considerable judgment in assessing for objective evidence of impairment
and, based on its assessment, classifies specific assets as either performing or into one of the following credit quality lists:

“Monitor List” – the
timely collection of all contractually specified cash flows is reasonably assured, but changes in issuer-specific facts and circumstances require monitoring. No impairment charge is recorded for unrealized losses on assets related to these debtors.

“Watch List” – the timely collection of all contractually specified cash flows is reasonably assured, but changes in issuer-specific facts and
circumstances require heightened monitoring. An asset is moved from the Monitor List to the Watch List when changes in issuer- specific facts and circumstances increase the possibility that a security may experience a loss event on an imminent
basis. No impairment charge is recorded for unrealized losses on assets related to these debtors.

“Impaired List” – the timely collection of all
contractually specified cash flows is no longer reasonably assured. For these investments that are classified as AFS or amortized cost, an impairment charge is recorded or the asset is sold and a realized loss is recorded as a charge to income.
Impairment charges and realized losses are recorded on assets related to these debtors.

Our approach to determining whether there is objective evidence of impairment
varies by asset type. However, we have a process to ensure that in all instances where a decision has been made to sell an asset at a loss, the asset is impaired.

Debt Securities

Objective evidence of impairment on debt securities involves
an assessment of the issuer’s ability to meet current and future contractual interest and principal payments. In determining whether debt securities have objective evidence of impairment, we employ a screening process. The process identifies
securities in an unrealized loss position, with particular attention paid to those securities whose fair value to amortized cost percentages have been less than 80% for an extended period of time. Discrete credit events, such as a ratings downgrade,
are also used to identify securities that may have objective evidence of impairment. The securities identified are then evaluated based on issuer-specific facts and circumstances, including an evaluation of the issuer’s financial condition and
prospects for economic recovery, evidence of difficulty being experienced by the issuer’s parent or affiliate, and management’s assessment of the outlook for the issuer’s industry sector.

Management also assesses previously impaired debt securities whose fair value has recovered to determine whether the recovery is objectively related to an event occurring
subsequent to the impairment loss that has an impact on the estimated future cash flows of the asset.

Asset-backed securities are assessed for objective evidence of
impairment. Specifically, we periodically update our best estimate of cash flows over the life of the security. In the event that there is an adverse change in the expected cash flows, the asset is impaired. Estimating future cash flows is a
quantitative and qualitative process that incorporates information received from third parties, along with assumptions and judgments about the future performance of the underlying collateral. Losses incurred on the respective mortgage- backed
securities portfolios are based on loss models using assumptions about key systematic risks, such as unemployment rates and housing prices, and loan-specific information such as delinquency rates and
loan-to-value
 ratios.

Equity Securities and Other Invested Assets

Objective evidence of impairment for equity securities and investments in limited partnerships, segregated funds, and mutual funds involves an assessment of the prospect
of recovering the cost of our investment. Instruments in an unrealized loss position are

130    Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

reviewed to determine if objective evidence of impairment exists. Objective evidence of impairment for these instruments includes, but is not limited to, the financial condition and near-term
prospects of the issuer, including information about significant changes with adverse effects that have taken place in the technological, market, economic, or legal environment in which the issuer operates, and a significant or prolonged decline in
the fair value of the instruments below their cost.

We apply presumptive impairment tests to determine whether there has been a significant or prolonged decline in
the fair value of an instrument below its cost, and unless extenuating circumstances exist, the instrument is considered to be impaired.

Mortgages and Loans

Objective evidence of impairment on mortgages and loans involves an assessment of the borrower’s ability to meet current and future contractual interest and
principal payments. In determining whether objective evidence of impairment exists, we consider a number of factors including, but not limited to, the financial condition of the borrower and, for collateral dependent mortgages and loans, the fair
value of the collateral.

Mortgages and loans causing concern are monitored closely and evaluated for objective evidence of impairment. For these mortgages and loans,
we review information that is appropriate to the circumstances, including recent operating developments, strategy review, timelines for remediation, financial position of the borrower and, for collateral-dependent mortgages and loans, the value of
security as well as occupancy and cash flow considerations.

In addition to specific allowances, circumstances may warrant a collective allowance based on objective
evidence of impairment for a group of mortgages and loans. We consider regional economic conditions, developments for various property types, and significant exposure to struggling tenants in determining whether there is objective evidence of
impairment for certain collateral dependent mortgages and loans, even though it is not possible to identify specific mortgages and loans that are likely to become impaired on an individual basis.

Management also assesses previously impaired mortgages and loans to determine whether a recovery is objectively related to an event occurring subsequent to the impairment
loss that has an impact on the estimated future cash flows of the asset.

Impairment of Fair Value Through Profit or Loss Assets

We generally maintain distinct asset portfolios for each line of business. Changes in the fair values of these assets are largely offset by changes in the value of
insurance contract liabilities, when there is an effective matching of assets and liabilities. For assets designated as FVTPL, the change in fair value arising from impairment is not separately disclosed. The reduction in fair values of FVTPL debt
securities attributable to impairment results in an increase in insurance contract liabilities charged through the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Impairment of
Available-For-Sale
 Assets

We recognized impairment losses on
available-for-sale
 assets of $12 for the year ended
December 31, 2018 ($7 during 2017).

We did not reverse any impairment on AFS debt securities during 2018 and 2017.

Past Due and Impaired Mortgages and Loans

The distribution of mortgages and
loans past due or impaired is shown in the following tables:

As at December 31, 2018   Gross carrying value   Allowance for losses
Mortgages   Loans   Total   Mortgages   Loans   Total
Not past due   $   16,427   $   30,332   $   46,759   $   –   $   –   $   –
Past due:
Past due less than 90 days   –   14   14   –   –   –
Past due 90 days or more   –   –   –   –   –   –
Impaired   31   93   124   25   50   75
Total   $   16,458   $   30,439   $   46,897   $   25   $   50   $   75
Gross carrying value   Allowance for losses
As at December 31, 2017   Mortgages   Loans   Total   Mortgages   Loans   Total
Not past due   $   15,482   $   27,180   $   42,662   $   –   $   –   $   –
Past due:
Past due less than 90 days   –   71   71   –   –   –
Past due 90 days or more   –   –   –   –   –   –
Impaired   33   89   122   22   28   50
Total   $   15,515   $   27,340   $   42,855   $   22   $   28   $   50

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018    131

Changes in Allowances for Losses

The changes in the allowances for losses are as follows:

Mortgages   Loans   Total
Balance, January 1, 2017   $   23   $   7   $   30
Provision for (reversal of) losses   –   22   22
Write-offs, net of recoveries, and other adjustments   –   –   –
Foreign exchange rate movements   (1   )   (1   )   (2   )
Balance, December 31, 2017   $   22   $   28   $   50
Provision for (reversal of) losses   3   19   22
Write-offs, net of recoveries, and other adjustments   (2   )   –   (2   )
Foreign exchange rate movements   2   3   5
Balance, December 31, 2018   $   25   $   50   $   75

6.B Market Risk

Risk Description

We are exposed to financial and capital market risk, which is defined as the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of an insurance contract or financial
instrument will fluctuate because of changes or volatility in market prices. Market risk includes equity, interest rate and spread, real estate and foreign currency risks.

Market Risk Management Governance and Control

We employ a wide range of
market risk management practices and controls as outlined below:

•   Market risk governance practices are in place, including independent monitoring and review and reporting to senior
management and the Risk & Conduct Review Committee.

•   Risk appetite limits have been established for equity, interest rate, real estate and foreign currency risks.

•   Income and regulatory capital sensitivities are monitored, managed and reported against pre-established risk limits.

•   Comprehensive asset-liability management and hedging policies, programs and practices are in place.

•   Regulatory solvency requirements include risk-based capital requirements and are monitored regularly.

•   Product Design and Pricing Policy requires a detailed risk assessment and pricing provisions for material risks.

•   Stress-testing techniques, such as DCAT, are used to measure the effects of large and sustained adverse market movements.

•   Insurance contract liabilities are established in accordance with Canadian actuarial standards of practice.

•   Internal capital targets are established at an enterprise level to cover all risks and are above minimum regulatory and
supervisory levels. Actual capital levels are monitored to ensure they exceed internal targets.

Specific market risks and our risk management
strategies are discussed below in further detail.

6.B.i Equity Risk

Equity risk is the potential for financial loss arising from declines or volatility in equity market prices. We are exposed to equity risk from a number of sources. A
portion of our exposure to equity risk arises in connection with benefit guarantees on segregated fund contracts. These benefit guarantees may be triggered upon death, maturity, withdrawal or annuitization. The cost of providing for these guarantees
is uncertain, and will depend upon a number of factors including general capital market conditions, underlying fund performance, policyholder behaviour, and mortality experience, which may result in negative impacts on our net income and capital.

We generate revenue in our asset management businesses and from certain insurance and annuity contracts where fees are levied on account balances that are affected
directly by equity market levels. Accordingly, we have further exposure to equity risk as adverse fluctuations in the market value of such assets will result in corresponding adverse impacts on our revenue and net income. In addition, declining and
volatile equity markets may have a negative impact on sales and redemptions (surrenders) in these businesses, and this may result in further adverse impacts on our net income and financial position.

We also have direct exposure to equity markets from the investments supporting other general account liabilities, surplus, and employee benefit plans. These exposures
fall within our risk-taking philosophy and appetite, and are therefore generally not hedged.

The carrying value of equities by issuer country is shown in the
following table:

As at December 31,   2018   2017
Fair value through profit or loss   Available- for- sale   Total equities   Fair value through profit or loss   Available- for-sale   Total equities
Canada   $   2,651   $   15   $   2,666   $   3,282   $   53   $   3,335
United States   508   388   896   765   671   1,436
United Kingdom   121   5   126   130   5   135
Other   734   212   946   901   213   1,114
Total equities   $   4,014   $   620   $   4,634   $   5,078   $   942   $   6,020

132    Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

6.B.ii Embedded Derivatives Risk

An embedded derivative is contained within a host insurance contract if it includes an identifiable condition to modify the cash flows that are otherwise payable. This
section is applicable to those embedded derivatives where we are not required to, and have not measured (either separately or together with the host contract) the embedded derivative at fair value.

A significant market risk exposure from embedded derivatives arises in connection with the benefit guarantees on segregated fund contracts. These benefit guarantees are
linked to underlying fund performance and may be triggered upon death, maturity, withdrawal, or annuitization. We have implemented hedging programs to mitigate a portion of this market risk exposure.

We are also exposed to significant interest rate risk from embedded derivatives in certain general account products and segregated fund contracts, which contain explicit
or implicit investment guarantees in the form of minimum crediting rates, guaranteed premium rates, settlement options, and benefit guarantees. If investment returns fall below guaranteed levels, we may be required to increase liabilities or capital
in respect of these contracts. The guarantees attached to these products may be applicable to both past premiums collected and future premiums not yet received. Segregated fund contracts provide benefit guarantees that are linked to underlying fund
performance and may be triggered upon death, maturity, withdrawal, or annuitization. These products are included in our asset-liability management program and the residual interest rate exposure is managed within our risk appetite limits.

We are also exposed to interest rate risk through guaranteed annuitization options included primarily in retirement contracts and pension plans. These embedded options
give policyholders the right to convert their investment into a pension on a guaranteed basis, thereby exposing us to declining long-term interest rates as the annuity guarantee rates come into effect. Embedded options on unit-linked pension
contracts give policyholders the right to convert their fund at retirement into pensions on a guaranteed basis, thereby exposing us to declining interest rates and increasing equity market returns (increasing the size of the fund which is eligible
for the guaranteed conversion basis). Guaranteed annuity options are included in our asset-liability management program and most of the interest rate and equity exposure is mitigated through hedging.

Significant changes or volatility in interest rates or spreads could have a negative impact on sales of certain insurance and annuity products, and adversely impact the
expected pattern of redemptions (surrenders) on existing policies. Increases in interest rates or widening spreads may increase the risk that policyholders will surrender their contracts, potentially forcing us to liquidate assets at a loss and
accelerate recognition of certain acquisition expenses. While we have established hedging programs in place and our insurance and annuity products often contain surrender mitigation features, these may not be sufficient to fully offset the adverse
impact of the underlying losses.

Certain annuity and long-term disability contracts contain embedded derivatives as benefits are linked to the Consumer Price Index;
however most of this exposure is hedged through the Company’s ongoing asset-liability management program.

6.C Liquidity Risk

Risk Description

Liquidity risk is the possibility that we will not be able to
fund all cash outflow commitments and collateral requirements as they fall due. This includes the risk of being forced to sell assets at depressed prices resulting in realized losses on sale. This risk also includes restrictions on our ability to
efficiently allocate capital among our subsidiaries due to various market and regulatory constraints on the movement of funds. Our funding obligations arise in connection with the payment of policyholder benefits, expenses, reinsurance settlements,
asset purchases, investment commitments, interest on debt, and dividends on common and preferred shares. Sources of available cash flow include general fund premiums and deposits, investment related inflows (such as maturities, principal repayments,
investment income and proceeds of asset sales), proceeds generated from financing activities, and dividends and interest payments from subsidiaries. We have various financing transactions and derivative contracts under which we may be required to
pledge collateral or to make payments to our counterparties for the decline in market value of specified assets. The amount of collateral or payments required may increase under certain circumstances (such as changes to interest rates, credit
spreads, equity markets or foreign exchange rates), which could adversely affect our liquidity.

Liquidity Risk Management Governance and Control

We generally maintain a conservative liquidity position and employ a wide range of liquidity risk management practices and controls, which are described below:

•   Liquidity risk governance practices are in place, including independent monitoring and review and reporting to senior
management and the Risk & Conduct Review Committee.

•   Liquidity is managed in accordance with our Asset Liability Management Policy and operating guidelines.

•   Liquidity contingency plans are maintained for the management of liquidity in a liquidity event.

•   Stress testing is performed by comparing liquidity coverage risk metrics under a one-month stress scenario to our policy thresholds. These liquidity coverage risk metrics are measured and managed at the enterprise and legal entity levels.

•   Stress testing of our collateral is performed by comparing collateral coverage ratios to our policy threshold.

•   Cash Management and asset-liability management programs support our ability to maintain our financial position by ensuring
that sufficient cash flow and liquid assets are available to cover potential funding requirements. We invest in various types of assets with a view of matching them to our liabilities of various durations.

•   Internal capital targets are established at an enterprise level to cover all risks and are above minimum regulatory and
supervisory levels. Actual capital levels are monitored to ensure they exceed internal targets.

•   We actively manage and monitor our capital and asset levels, and the diversification and credit quality of our investments.

•   Various credit facilities for general corporate purposes are maintained.

We are subject to various regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate. The ability of SLF Inc.’s subsidiaries to pay dividends and transfer funds is
regulated in certain jurisdictions and may require local regulatory approvals and the satisfaction of specific conditions in certain circumstances. Through effective cash management and capital planning, SLF Inc. ensures that its subsidiaries, as a
whole and on a stand-alone basis, are properly funded and maintain adequate liquidity to meet obligations, both individually and in aggregate.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018    133

Based on our historical cash flows and liquidity management processes, we believe that the cash flows from our
operating activities will continue to provide sufficient liquidity for us to satisfy debt service obligations and to pay other expenses as they fall due.

7. Insurance Risk Management

7.A Insurance Risk

Risk Description

Insurance risk is the uncertainty of product performance due to actual experience emerging differently than expected in the areas of policyholder behaviour, mortality,
morbidity, and longevity. In addition, product design and pricing, expense and reinsurance risks impact multiple risk categories, including insurance risk.

Insurance Risk Management Governance and Control

We employ a wide range of
insurance risk management practices and controls, as outlined below:

•   Insurance risk governance practices are in place, including independent monitoring and review and reporting to senior
management and the Risk & Conduct Review Committee.

•   Risk appetite limits have been established for policyholder behaviour, mortality and morbidity, and longevity risks.

•   Income and regulatory capital sensitivities are monitored, managed and reported against pre-established risk limits.

•   Comprehensive Insurance Risk Policy, guidelines and practices are in place.

•   The global underwriting manual aligns underwriting practices with our corporate risk management standards and ensures a
consistent approach in insurance underwriting.

•   Board-approved maximum retention limits are in place. Amounts issued in excess of these limits are reinsured.

•   Detailed procedures, including criteria for approval of risks and for claims adjudication are established and monitored for
each business segment.

•   Underwriting and risk selection standards are established and overseen by the corporate underwriting and claims risk
management function.

•   Diversification and risk pooling is managed by aggregation of exposures across product lines, geography and distribution
channels.

•   The Insurance Risk Policy and Investment and Credit Risk Management Policy establish acceptance criteria and protocols to
monitor the level of reinsurance ceded to any single reinsurer or group of reinsurers.

•   Reinsurance counterparty risk is monitored, including annual reporting of reinsurance exposure to the Risk &
Conduct Review Committee.

•   Concentration risk exposure is monitored on group policies in a single location to avoid a catastrophic event occurrence
resulting in a significant impact.

•   Various limits, restrictions and fee structures are introduced into plan designs in order to establish a more homogeneous
policy risk profile and limit potential for anti-selection.

•   Regulatory solvency requirements include risk-based capital requirements and are monitored regularly.

•   The Product Design and Pricing Policy requires detailed risk assessment and pricing provision for material risks.

•   Company specific and industry level experience studies and sources of earnings analysis are monitored and factored into
valuation, renewal and new business pricing processes.

•   Stress-testing techniques, such as DCAT, are used to measure the effects of large and sustained adverse movements in
insurance risk factors.

•   Insurance contract liabilities are established in accordance with Canadian actuarial standards of practice.

•   Internal capital targets are established at an enterprise level to cover all risks and are above minimum regulatory and
supervisory levels. Actual capital levels are monitored to ensure they exceed internal targets.

We use reinsurance to limit losses, minimize
exposure to significant risks and to provide additional capacity for growth. Our Insurance Risk Policy sets maximum global retention limits and related management standards and practices that are applied to reduce our exposure to large claims.
Amounts in excess of the Board-approved maximum retention limits are reinsured. On a single life or joint-
first-to-die
 basis our retention limit is $25 in Canada and is
US$25 outside of Canada. For survivorship life insurance, our maximum global retention limit is $30 in Canada and is US$30 outside of Canada. In certain markets and jurisdictions, retention levels below the maximum are applied. Reinsurance is
utilized for numerous products in most business segments, and placement is done on an automatic basis for defined insurance portfolios and on a facultative basis for individual risks with certain characteristics.

Our reinsurance coverage is well diversified and controls are in place to manage exposure to reinsurance counterparties. Reinsurance exposures are monitored to ensure
that no single reinsurer represents an undue level of credit risk. This includes performing periodic due diligence on our reinsurance counterparties as well as internal credit assessments on counterparties with which we have material exposure. While
reinsurance arrangements provide for the recovery of claims arising from the liabilities ceded, we retain primary responsibility to the policyholders.

Specific
insurance risks and our risk management strategies are discussed below in further detail. The sensitivities provided below reflect the impact of any applicable ceded reinsurance arrangements.

7.A.i Policyholder Behaviour Risk

Risk Description

We can incur losses due to adverse policyholder behaviour relative to the assumptions used in the pricing and valuation of products with regard to lapse of policies or
exercise of other embedded policy options.

Uncertainty in policyholder behaviour can arise from several sources including unexpected events in the
policyholder’s life circumstances, the general level of economic activity (whether higher or lower than expected), changes in the financial and capital markets, changes in pricing and availability of current products, the introduction of new
products, changes in underwriting technology

134    Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

and standards, as well as changes in our financial strength or reputation. Uncertainty in future cash flows affected by policyholder behaviour can be further exacerbated by irrational behaviour
during times of economic turbulence or at key option exercise points in the life of an insurance contract.

For individual life insurance products where fewer
terminations would be financially adverse to us, net income and equity would be decreased by about $250 ($240 in 2017) if the termination rate assumption were reduced by 10%. For products where more terminations would be financially adverse to us,
net income and equity would be decreased by about $195 ($175 in 2017) if the termination rate assumption were increased by 10%. These sensitivities reflect the impact of any applicable ceded reinsurance arrangements.

Policyholder Behaviour Risk Management Governance and Control

Various types
of provisions are built into many of our products to reduce the impact of uncertain policyholder behaviour. These provisions include:

•   Surrender charges that adjust the payout to the policyholder by taking into account prevailing market conditions.

•   Limits on the amount that policyholders can surrender or borrow.

•   Restrictions on the timing of policyholders’ ability to exercise certain options.

•   Restrictions on both the types of funds clients can select and the frequency with which they can change funds.

•   Policyholder behaviour risk is also mitigated through reinsurance on some insurance contracts.

Internal experience studies are monitored to review and update policyholder behaviour assumptions as needed, which could result in updates to policy liabilities.

7.A.ii Mortality and Morbidity Risk

Risk Description

Mortality and morbidity risk is the risk that future experience could be worse than the assumptions used in the pricing and valuation of products. Mortality and morbidity
risk can arise in the normal course of business through random fluctuation in realized experience, through catastrophes, or in association with other risk factors such as product development and pricing or model risk. Adverse mortality and morbidity
experience could also occur through systemic anti-selection, which could arise due to poor plan design, or underwriting process failure or the development of investor-owned and secondary markets for life insurance policies.

The risk of adverse morbidity experience also increases during economic slowdowns, especially with respect to disability coverages, as well as with increases in high
medical treatment costs and growth in utilization of specialty drugs. This introduces the potential for adverse financial volatility in our financial results. External factors including medical advances could adversely affect our life insurance,
health insurance, critical illness, disability, long-term care insurance and annuity businesses.

For life insurance products for which higher mortality would be
financially adverse to the Company, a 2% increase in the best estimate assumption would decrease net income and equity by about $35 ($55 in 2017). This sensitivity reflects the impact of any applicable ceded reinsurance arrangements.

For products where morbidity is a significant assumption, a 5% adverse change in the assumptions would reduce net income and equity by about $185 ($175 in 2017). This
sensitivity reflects the impact of any applicable ceded reinsurance arrangements.

Mortality and Morbidity Risk Management Governance and Control

Detailed uniform underwriting procedures have been established to determine the insurability of applicants and to manage exposure to large claims. These underwriting
requirements are regularly scrutinized against industry guidelines and oversight is provided through a corporate underwriting and claim management function.

We do
not have a high degree of concentration risk to single individuals or groups due to our well-diversified geographic and business mix. The largest portion of mortality risk within the Company is in North America. Individual and group insurance
policies are underwritten prior to initial issue and renewals, based on risk selection, plan design, and rating techniques.

The Insurance Risk Policy approved by the
Risk & Conduct Review Committee includes limits on the maximum amount of insurance that may be issued under one policy and the maximum amount that may be retained. These limits vary by geographic region and amounts in excess of limits are
reinsured to ensure there is no exposure to unreasonable concentration of risk.

7.A.iii Longevity Risk

Risk Description

Longevity risk is the potential for economic loss,
accounting loss or volatility in earnings arising from adverse changes in rates of mortality improvement relative to the assumptions used in the pricing and valuation of products. This risk can manifest itself slowly over time as socioeconomic
conditions improve and medical advances continue. It could also manifest itself more quickly, for example, due to medical breakthroughs that significantly extend life expectancy. Longevity risk affects contracts where benefits or costs are based
upon the likelihood of survival (for example, annuities, pensions, pure endowments, reinsurance, segregated funds, and specific types of health contracts). Additionally, our longevity risk exposure is increased for certain annuity products such as
guaranteed annuity options by an increase in equity market levels.

For annuities products for which lower mortality would be financially adverse to us, a 2% decrease
in the mortality assumption would decrease net income and equity by about $120 ($120 in 2017). These sensitivities reflect the impact of any applicable ceded reinsurance arrangements.

Longevity Risk Management Governance and Control

To improve management of
longevity risk, we monitor research in the fields that could result in a change in expected mortality improvement. Stress-testing techniques are used to measure and monitor the impact of extreme mortality improvement on the aggregate portfolio of
insurance and annuity products as well as our own pension plans.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018    135

7.A.iv Product Design and Pricing Risk

Risk Description

Product design and pricing risk is the risk a product does
not perform as expected, causing adverse financial consequences. This risk may arise from deviations in realized experience versus assumptions used in the pricing of products. Risk factors include uncertainty concerning future investment yields,
policyholder behaviour, mortality and morbidity experience, sales levels, mix of business, expenses and taxes. Although some of our products permit us to increase premiums or adjust other charges and credits during the life of the policy or
contract, the terms of these policies or contracts may not allow for sufficient adjustments to maintain expected profitability. This could have an adverse effect on our profitability and capital position.

Product Design and Pricing Governance and Control

Our Product Design and
Pricing Policy, approved by the Risk & Conduct Review Committee, establishes the framework governing our product design and pricing practices and is designed to align our product offerings with our strategic objectives and risk-taking
philosophy. Consistent with this policy, product development, design and pricing processes have been implemented throughout the Company. New products follow a stage-gate process with defined management approvals based on the significance of the
initiative, and each initiative is subject to a risk assessment process to identify key risks and risk mitigation requirements, and is reviewed by multiple stakeholders. Additional governance and control procedures are listed below:

•   Pricing models, methods, and assumptions are subject to periodic internal peer reviews.

•   Experience studies, sources of earnings analysis, and product dashboards are used to monitor actual experience against those
assumed in pricing and valuation.

•   On experience rated, participating, and adjustable products, emerging experience is reflected through changes in
policyholder dividend scales as well as other policy adjustment mechanisms such as premium and benefit levels.

•   Limits and restrictions may be introduced into the design of products to mitigate adverse policyholder behaviour or apply
upper thresholds on certain benefits.

7.A.v Expense Risk

Risk Description

Expense risk is the risk that future expenses are higher
than the assumptions used in the pricing and valuation of products. This risk can arise from general economic conditions, unexpected increases in inflation, slower than anticipated growth, or reduction in productivity leading to increases in unit
expenses. Expense risk occurs in products where we cannot or will not pass increased costs onto the client and will manifest itself in the form of a liability increase or a reduction in expected future profits.

The sensitivity of liabilities for insurance contracts to a 5% increase in unit expenses would result in a decrease in net income and equity of about $175 ($160 in 2017).
These sensitivities reflect the impact of any applicable ceded reinsurance arrangements.

Expenses Risk Management Governance and Control

We closely monitor expenses through an annual budgeting process and ongoing monitoring of any expense gaps between unit expenses assumed in pricing and actual expenses.

7.A.vi Reinsurance Risk

Risk Description

We purchase reinsurance for certain risks underwritten by our various insurance businesses. Reinsurance risk is the risk of financial loss due to adverse developments in
reinsurance markets (for example, discontinuance or diminution of reinsurance capacity, or an increase in the cost of reinsurance), insolvency of a reinsurer or inadequate reinsurance coverage.

Changes in reinsurance market conditions, including actions taken by reinsurers to increase rates on existing and new coverage and our ability to obtain appropriate
reinsurance, may adversely impact the availability or cost of maintaining existing or securing new reinsurance capacity, with adverse impacts on our business strategies, profitability and financial position. There is an increased possibility of rate
increases or renegotiation of legacy reinsurance contracts by our reinsurers, as the global reinsurance industry continues to review and optimize their business models. In addition, changes to the regulatory treatment of reinsurance arrangements
could have an adverse impact on our capital position.

Reinsurance Risk Management Governance and Control

We have an Insurance Risk Policy and an Investment and Credit Risk Management Policy approved by the Risk & Conduct Review Committee, which set acceptance
criteria and processes to monitor the level of reinsurance ceded to any single reinsurer or group of reinsurers. These policies also set minimum criteria for determining which reinsurance companies qualify as suitable reinsurance counterparties
having the capability, expertise, governance practices and financial capacity to assume the risks being considered. Additionally, these policies require that all agreements include provisions to allow action to be taken, such as recapture of ceded
risk (at a potential cost to the Company), in the event that the reinsurer loses its legal ability to carry on business through insolvency or regulatory action. Periodic due diligence is performed on the reinsurance counterparties with which we do
business and internal credit assessments are performed on reinsurance counterparties with which we have material exposure. Reinsurance counterparty credit exposures are monitored closely and reported annually to the Risk & Conduct Review
Committee.

New sales of our products can be discontinued or changed to reflect developments in the reinsurance markets. Rates for

in-force
 reinsurance treaties can be either guaranteed or adjustable for the life of the ceded policy. There is generally more than one reinsurer supporting a reinsurance pool to diversify this risk.

136    Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

8. Other Assets

Other
assets consist of the following:

As at December 31,   2018   2017
Accounts receivable   $   1,451   $   1,579
Investment income due and accrued   1,131   1,078
Property and equipment   621   624
Deferred acquisition costs (1)   130   160
Prepaid expenses   309   282
Premium receivable   567   522
Accrued post-retirement benefit assets (Note 25)   184   82
Other   105   81
Total other assets   $   4,498   $   4,408

(1)   Amortization of deferred acquisition cost charged to income during the year amounted to $33 in 2018 ($53 in 2017).

9. Goodwill and Intangible Assets

9.A Goodwill

Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill acquired through
business combinations by reportable segment are as follows:

SLF Canada   SLF U.S.   SLF Asia   SLF Asset Management   Corporate   Total
Balance, January 1, 2017   $   2,573   $   1,112   $   686   $   767   $   179   $   5,317
Acquisitions (Note 3)   –   –   16   –   –   16
Foreign exchange rate movements   –   (69   )   (47   )   (38   )   4   (150   )
Balance, December 31, 2017   $   2,573   $   1,043   $   655   $   729   $   183   $   5,183
Acquisitions   34   7   –   –   –   41
Foreign exchange rate movements   –   88   50   46   4   188
Balance, December 31, 2018   $   2,607   $   1,138   $   705   $   775   $   187   $   5,412

Goodwill was not impaired in 2018 or 2017. The carrying amounts of goodwill allocated to our CGUs or groups of CGUs are as follows:

As at December 31,   2018   2017
SLF Canada
Individual   $   1,100   $   1,066
Group retirement services   453   453
Group benefits   1,054   1,054
SLF U.S. Employee benefits group   1,138   1,043
SLF Asia   705   655
SLF Asset Management
MFS   515   481
Sun Life Investment Management (“SLIM”)   260   248
Corporate
U.K.   187   183
Total   $   5,412   $   5,183

Goodwill acquired in business
combinations is allocated to the CGUs or groups of CGUs that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the particular acquisition.

Goodwill is assessed for
impairment annually or more frequently if events or circumstances occur that may result in the recoverable amount of a CGU falling below its carrying value. The recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use.
We use fair value less costs of disposal as the recoverable amount.

We use the best evidence of fair value less costs of disposal as the price obtainable for the
sale of a CGU, or group of CGUs. Fair value less costs of disposal is initially assessed by looking at recently completed market comparable transactions. In the absence of such comparables, we use either an appraisal methodology (with market
assumptions commonly used in the valuation of insurance companies or asset management companies) or a valuation multiples methodology. The fair value measurements are categorized in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018    137

Under the appraisal methodology, fair value is assessed based on best estimates of future income, expenses, level and
cost of capital over the lifetime of the policies and, where appropriate, adjusted for items such as transaction costs. The value ascribed to new business is based on sales anticipated in our business plans, sales projections for the valuation
period based on reasonable growth assumptions, and anticipated levels of profitability of that new business. In calculating the value of new business, future sales are projected for 10 to 15 years. In some instances, market multiples are used to
approximate the explicit projection of new business.

The discount rates applied reflect the nature of the environment for that CGU. The discount rates used range
from 9.0% to 12.5% (after tax). More established CGUs with a stronger brand and competitive market position use discount rates at the low end of the range and CGUs with a weaker competitive position use discount rates at the high end of the range.
The capital levels used are aligned with our business objectives.

Under the valuation multiples methodology, fair value is assessed with reference to multiples or
ratios of comparable businesses. For life insurers and asset managers, these valuation multiples and ratios may include
price-to-earnings
 or
price-to-assets-under-management
 measures. This assessment takes into consideration a variety of relevant factors and assumptions, including expected growth, risk, and market
conditions among others. The
price-to-earnings
 multiples used range from 10.5 to 11.5. The

price-to-assets-under-management
 ratios used range from 0.6% to 2.0%.

Judgment is
used in estimating the recoverable amounts of CGUs and the use of different assumptions and estimates could result in material adjustments to the valuation of CGUs and the size of any impairment. Any material change in the key assumptions including
those for capital, discount rates, the value of new business, and expenses, as well as cash flow projections used in the determination of recoverable amounts, may result in impairment charges, which could be material.

In considering the sensitivity of the key assumptions above, management determined that there is no reasonably possible change in any of the above that would result in
the recoverable amount of any of the CGUs to be less than its carrying amount.

9.B Intangible Assets

Changes in intangible assets are as follows:

Finite life
Internally generated software   Other   Indefinite life   Total
Gross carrying amount
Balance, January 1, 2017   $   518   $   1,172   $   661   $   2,351
Additions   81   5   –   86
Acquisitions (Note 3)   –   61   –   61
Disposals   (3   )   –   –   (3   )
Foreign exchange rate movements   (17   )   (36   )   (36   )   (89   )
Balance, December 31, 2017   $   579   $   1,202   $   625   $   2,406
Additions   118   (1   )   –   117
Acquisitions   –   19   3   22
Foreign exchange rate movements   25   46   45   116
Balance, December 31, 2018   $   722   $   1,266   $   673   $   2,661
Accumulated amortization and impairment losses
Balance, January 1, 2017   $   (291   )   $   (353   )   $   (4   )   $   (648   )
Amortization charge for the year   (59   )   (53   )   –   (112   )
Disposals   3   –   –   3
Foreign exchange rate movements   9   9   –   18
Balance, December 31, 2017   $   (338   )   $   (397   )   $   (4   )   $   (739   )
Amortization charge for the year   (66   )   (53   )   –   (119   )
Foreign exchange rate movements   (13   )   (11   )   –   (24   )
Balance, December 31, 2018   $   (417   )   $   (461   )   $   (4   )   $   (882   )
Net carrying amount, end of period:
As at December 31, 2017   $   241   $   805   $   621   $   1,667
As at December 31, 2018   $   305   $   805   $   669   $   1,779

138    Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

The components of the intangible assets are as follows:

As at December 31,   2018   2017
Finite life intangible assets:
Distribution, sales potential of field force   $   366   $   376
Client relationships and asset administration contracts   439   429
Internally generated software   305   241
Total finite life intangible assets   1,110   1,046
Indefinite life intangible assets:
Fund management contracts (1)   669   621
Total indefinite life intangible assets   669   621
Total intangible assets   $   1,779   $   1,667

(1)   Fund management contracts are attributable to SLF Asset Management, where its competitive position in, and the stability
of, its markets support their classification as indefinite life intangible assets.

10. Insurance Contract Liabilities and Investment Contract Liabilities

10.A Insurance Contract Liabilities

10.A.i Description of Business

The majority of the products sold by the Company are insurance contracts. These contracts include all forms of life, health and critical illness insurance sold
to individuals and groups, life contingent annuities, accumulation annuities, and segregated fund products with guarantees.

10.A.ii Methods and Assumptions

General

The liabilities for insurance contracts represent the
estimated amounts which, together with estimated future premiums and net investment income, will provide for outstanding claims, estimated future benefits, policyholders’ dividends, taxes (other than income taxes), and expenses on
in-force
 insurance contracts.

In determining our liabilities for insurance contracts, assumptions must be made about mortality and
morbidity rates, lapse and other policyholder behaviour, interest rates, equity market performance, asset default, inflation, expenses, and other factors over the life of our products. Most of these assumptions relate to events that are anticipated
to occur many years in the future. Assumptions require significant judgment and regular review and, where appropriate, revision.

We use best estimate assumptions for
expected future experience and apply margins for adverse deviations to provide for uncertainty in the choice of the best estimate assumptions. The amount of insurance contract liabilities related to the application of margins for adverse deviations
to best estimate assumptions is called a provision for adverse deviations.

Best Estimate Assumptions

Best estimate assumptions are intended to be current, neutral estimates of the expected outcome as guided by Canadian actuarial standards of practice. The choice of best
estimate assumptions takes into account current circumstances, past experience data (Company and/or industry), the relationship of past to expected future experience, anti-selection, the relationship among assumptions, and other relevant factors.
For assumptions on economic matters, the assets supporting the liabilities and the expected policy for asset-liability management are relevant factors.

Margins
for Adverse Deviations

The appropriate level of margin for adverse deviations on an assumption is guided by Canadian actuarial standards of practice. For most
assumptions, the standard range of margins for adverse deviations is 5% to 20% of the best estimate assumption, and the actuary chooses from within that range based on a number of considerations related to the uncertainty in the determination of the
best estimate assumption. The level of uncertainty, and hence the margin chosen, will vary by assumption and by line of business and other factors. Considerations that would tend to indicate a choice of margin at the high end of the range include:

•   The statistical credibility of the Company’s experience is too low to be the primary source of data for choosing the
best estimate assumption

•   Future experience is difficult to estimate

•   The cohort of risks lacks homogeneity

•   Operational risks adversely impact the ability to estimate the best estimate assumption

•   Past experience may not be representative of future experience and the experience may deteriorate

Provisions for adverse deviations in future interest rates are included by testing a number of scenarios of future interest rates, some of which are prescribed by
Canadian actuarial standards of practice, and determining the liability based on the range of possible outcomes. A scenario of future interest rates includes, for each forecast period between the statement of financial position date and the last
liability cash flow, interest rates for risk-free assets, premiums for asset default, rates of inflation, and an investment strategy consistent with the Company’s investment policy. The starting point for all future interest rate scenarios is
consistent with the current market environment. If few scenarios are tested, the liability would be at least as great as the largest of the outcomes. If many scenarios are tested, the liability would be within a range defined by the average of the
outcomes that are above the 60th percentile of the range of outcomes and the corresponding average for the 80th percentile.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018    139

Provisions for adverse deviations in future equity returns are included by scenario testing or by applying margins for
adverse deviations. In blocks of business where the valuation of liabilities uses scenario testing of future equity returns, the liability would be within a range defined by the average of the outcomes that are above the 60th percentile of the range
of outcomes and the corresponding average for the 80th percentile. In blocks of business where the valuation of liabilities does not use scenario testing of future equity returns, the margin for adverse deviations on common share dividends is
between 5% and 20%, and the margin for adverse deviations on capital gains would be 20% plus an assumption that those assets reduce in value by 20% to 50% at the time when the reduction is most adverse. A 30% reduction is appropriate for a
diversified portfolio of North American common shares and, for other portfolios, the appropriate reduction depends on the volatility of the portfolio relative to a diversified portfolio of North American common shares.

In choosing margins, we ensure that, when taken one at a time, each margin is reasonable with respect to the underlying best estimate assumption and the extent of
uncertainty present in making that assumption, and also that, in aggregate, the cumulative impact of the margins for adverse deviations is reasonable with respect to the total amount of our insurance contract liabilities. Our margins are generally
stable over time and are generally only revised to reflect changes in the level of uncertainty in the best estimate assumptions. Our margins tend to be at the high end of the range for expenses and in the

mid-range
 or higher for other assumptions. When considering the aggregate impact of margins, the actuary assesses the consistency of margins for each assumption across each block of business to ensure there is
no double counting or omission and to avoid choosing margins that might be mutually exclusive. In particular, the actuary chooses similar margins for blocks of business with similar characteristics, and also chooses margins that are consistent with
other assumptions, including assumptions about economic factors. The actuary is guided by Canadian actuarial standards of practice in making these professional judgments about the reasonableness of margins for adverse deviations.

The best estimate assumptions and margins for adverse deviations are reviewed at least annually and revisions are made when appropriate. The choice of assumptions
underlying the valuation of insurance contract liabilities is subject to external actuarial peer review.

Mortality

Mortality refers to the rates at which death occurs for defined groups of people. Life insurance mortality assumptions are generally based on the past five to ten years
of experience. Our experience is combined with industry experience where our own experience is insufficient to be statistically valid. Assumed mortality rates for life insurance and annuity contracts include assumptions about future mortality
improvement based on recent trends in population mortality and our outlook for future trends.

Morbidity

Morbidity refers to both the rates of accident or sickness and the rates of recovery therefrom. Most of our disability insurance is marketed on a group basis. We offer
critical illness policies on an individual basis in Canada and Asia, long-term care on an individual basis in Canada, and medical stop-loss insurance is offered on a group basis in the U.S. In Canada, group morbidity assumptions are based on our
five-year average experience, modified to reflect any emerging trend in recovery rates. For long-term care and critical illness insurance, assumptions are developed in collaboration with our reinsurers and are largely based on their experience. In
the U.S., our experience is used for both medical stop-loss and disability assumptions, with some consideration of industry experience.

Lapse and Other
Policyholder Behaviour

Lapse

Policyholders may allow their policies
to lapse prior to the end of the contractual coverage period by choosing not to continue to pay premiums or by surrendering their policy for the cash surrender value. Assumptions for lapse experience on life insurance are generally based on our
five-year average experience. Lapse rates vary by plan, age at issue, method of premium payment, and policy duration.

Premium Payment Patterns

For universal life contracts, it is necessary to set assumptions about premium payment patterns. Studies prepared by industry or the actuarial profession are used for
products where our experience is insufficient to be statistically valid. Premium payment patterns usually vary by plan, age at issue, method of premium payment, and policy duration.

Expense

Future policy-related expenses include the costs of premium
collection, claims adjudication and processing, actuarial calculations, preparation and mailing of policy statements, and related indirect expenses and overhead. Expense assumptions are mainly based on our recent experience using an internal expense
allocation methodology. Inflationary increases assumed in future expenses are consistent with the future interest rates used in scenario testing.

Investment
Returns

Interest Rates

We generally maintain distinct asset
portfolios for each major line of business. In the valuation of insurance contract liabilities, the future cash flows from insurance contracts and the assets that support them are projected under a number of interest rate scenarios, some of which
are prescribed by Canadian actuarial standards of practice. Reinvestments and disinvestments take place according to the specifications of each scenario, and the liability is set based on the range of possible outcomes.

Non-Fixed
 Income Rates of Return

We
are exposed to equity markets through our segregated fund products (including variable annuities) that provide guarantees linked to underlying fund performance and through insurance products where the insurance contract liabilities are supported by
non-fixed
 income assets.

For segregated fund products (including variable annuities), we have implemented hedging programs
involving the use of derivative instruments to mitigate a large portion of the equity market risk associated with the guarantees. The cost of these hedging programs is reflected in the liabilities. The equity market risk associated with anticipated
future fee income is not hedged.

140    Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

The majority of
non-fixed
 income assets that are designated as FVTPL support
our participating and universal life products where investment returns are passed through to policyholders through routine changes in the amount of dividends declared or in the rate of interest credited. In these cases, changes in
non-fixed
 income asset values are largely offset by changes in insurance contract liabilities.

Asset Default

As required by Canadian actuarial standards of practice, insurance contract liabilities include a provision for possible future default of the assets supporting those
liabilities. The amount of the provision for asset default included in the insurance contract liabilities is based on possible reductions in future investment yield that vary by factors such as type of asset, asset credit quality (rating), duration,
and country of origin. The asset default assumptions are comprised of a best estimate plus a margin for adverse deviations, and are intended to provide for loss of both principal and income. Best estimate asset default assumptions by asset category
and geography are derived from long-term studies of industry experience and the Company’s experience. Margins for adverse deviation are chosen from the standard range (of 25% to 100%) as recommended by Canadian actuarial standards of practice
based on the amount of uncertainty in the choice of best estimate assumption. The credit quality of an asset is based on external ratings if available (public bonds) and internal ratings if not (mortgages and loans). Any assets without ratings are
treated as if they are rated below investment grade.

In contrast to asset impairment provisions and changes in FVTPL assets arising from impairments, both of which
arise from known credit events, the asset default provision in the insurance contract liabilities covers losses related to possible future (unknown) credit events. Canadian actuarial standards of practice require the asset default provision to be
determined taking into account known impairments that are recognized elsewhere on the statement of financial position. The asset default provision included in the insurance contract liabilities is reassessed each reporting period in light of
impairments, changes in asset quality ratings, and other events that occurred during the period.

10.A.iii Insurance Contract Liabilities

Insurance contract liabilities consist of the following:

As at December 31, 2018   SLF Canada   SLF U.S.   SLF Asia   Corporate (1)   Total
Individual participating life   $   21,095   $   5,785   $   6,651   $   1,076   $   34,607
Individual non-participating life and health   11,435   13,239   12,463   391   37,528
Group life and health   9,591   5,674   32   –   15,297
Individual annuities   9,267   25   (44   )   5,608   14,856
Group annuities   12,461   6   147   –   12,614
Insurance contract liabilities before other policy liabilities   63,849   24,729   19,249   7,075   114,902
Add: Other policy liabilities (2)   3,049   1,457   2,276   239   7,021
Total insurance contract liabilities   $   66,898   $   26,186   $   21,525   $   7,314   $   121,923

(1)   Primarily business from the U.K. and run-off reinsurance operations. Includes U.K.
business of $980 for Individual participating life, $240 for Individual non-participating life and health, $5,214 for Individual annuities, and $170 for Other policy liabilities.

(2)   Consists of amounts on deposit, policy benefits payable, provisions for unreported claims, provisions for policyholder
dividends, and provisions for experience rating refunds.

As at December 31, 2017   SLF Canada   SLF U.S. (1)   SLF Asia (1)   Corporate (2)   Total
Individual participating life   $   20,918   $   5,582   $   6,705   $   1,186   $   34,391
Individual non-participating life and health   11,161   12,024   11,449   394   35,028
Group life and health   9,131   5,427   33   11   14,602
Individual annuities   9,178   25   (68   )   6,215   15,350
Group annuities   11,607   7   106   –   11,720
Insurance contract liabilities before other policy liabilities   61,995   23,065   18,225   7,806   111,091
Add: Other policy liabilities (3)   3,088   1,345   2,032   229   6,694
Total insurance contract liabilities   $   65,083   $   24,410   $   20,257   $   8,035   $   117,785

(1)   Balances in 2017 have been changed to conform with current year presentation as a result of the resegmentation described
in Note 4.

(2)   Primarily business from the U.K. and run-off reinsurance operations. Includes U.K.
business of $1,089 for Individual participating life, $250 for Individual non-participating life and health, $5,692 for Individual annuities, and $158 for Other policy liabilities.

(3)   Consists of amounts on deposit, policy benefits payable, provisions for unreported claims, provisions for policyholder
dividends, and provisions for experience rating refunds.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018    141

10.A.iv Changes in Insurance Contract Liabilities and Reinsurance Assets

Changes in Insurance contract liabilities and Reinsurance assets are as follows:

For the years ended December 31,   2018   2017
Insurance contract liabilities   Reinsurance assets   Net   Insurance contract liabilities   Reinsurance assets   Net
Balances, before Other policy liabilities and assets as at January 1,   $   111,091   $   3,503   $   107,588   $   108,411   $   4,541   $   103,870
Change in balances on in-force policies   (3,094   )   (129   )   (2,965   )   2,757   (779   )   3,536
Balances arising from new policies   3,780   128   3,652   2,941   156   2,785
Method and assumption changes   (374   )   (96   )   (278   )   (371   )   (198   )   (173   )
Increase (decrease) in Insurance contract liabilities and Reinsurance
assets   312   (97   )   409   5,327   (821   )   6,148
Foreign exchange rate movements   3,499   247   3,252   (2,647   )   (217   )   (2,430   )
Balances before Other policy liabilities and assets   114,902   3,653   111,249   111,091   3,503   107,588
Other policy liabilities and assets   7,021   488   6,533   6,694   525   6,169
Total Insurance contract liabilities and Reinsurance assets, December
31   $   121,923   $   4,141   $   117,782   $   117,785   $   4,028   $   113,757

10.A.v Impact of Method and
Assumption Changes

Impacts of method and assumption changes on Insurance contract liabilities net of Reinsurance assets are as follows:

For the year ended December 31, 2018   Net increase (decrease) before income taxes   Description
Mortality / Morbidity   $   (337   )   Updates to reflect mortality/morbidity experience in all jurisdictions. The largest items were favourable mortality in SLF Asia International, SLF Canada Group Retirement Services and SLF
U.K.
Lapse and other policyholder behaviour   563   Updates to lapse and other policyholder behaviour in all jurisdictions. The largest items, which all had unfavourable impacts, were updated lapse assumptions in SLF U.S. and SLF Asia
International.
Expenses   6   Updates to reflect expense experience in all jurisdictions including updates to SLF Canada participating life accounts.
Investment returns   (331   )   Updates to various investment-related assumptions across the Company including updates to SLF Canada participating life accounts.
Model enhancements and other   (179   )   Various enhancements and methodology changes across all jurisdictions. The largest items were a favourable change to the participating provisions for adverse deviation in SLF Canada and SLF
U.S., partially offset by a change in reinsurance provisions in SLF U.S.
Total impact of method and assumption changes   $   (278   )

142    Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2017   Net increase (decrease) before income taxes   Description
Mortality / Morbidity   $   (286   )   Updates to reflect mortality/morbidity experience in all jurisdictions. The largest items were favourable mortality in SLF U.S. In-force Management and SLF Asia International
insurance and favourable mortality improvement in SLF U.K.
Lapse and other policyholder behaviour   149   Updates to reflect lapse and other policyholder behaviour experience in all jurisdictions. The largest items were lower lapse rates on lapse supported business in SLF U.S.
and updated lapse assumptions in SLF Canada’s individual insurance business.
Expenses   71   Updates to reflect expense experience in all jurisdictions. The largest items were a refinement to the allocation of expenses in SLF Canada and increased expenses in the
closed block of business in SLF Asia International wealth.
Investment returns   (62   )   Updates to various investment related assumptions across the Company. This included a reduction of the provision for investment risk in SLF Canada and other updated
investment related assumptions, offset partially by updates to promulgated ultimate reinvestment rates.
Model enhancements and other   (45   )   Various enhancements and methodology changes across all jurisdictions. Includes the favourable impact on insurance contract liabilities from the resolution of tax
uncertainties in a U.S. subsidiary and updates to the SLF Canada participating individual life business, partially offset by changes due to U.S. tax reform and updates to reflect reinsurance market conditions.
Total impact of method and assumption
changes   $   (173   )

10.B Investment Contract Liabilities

10.B.i Description of Business

The following are the types of Investment
contracts
in-force:

•   Term certain payout annuities in Canada

•   Guaranteed Investment Contracts in Canada

•   Unit-linked products issued in the U.K. and Hong Kong

•   Non-unit-linked pensions contracts issued in the U.K. and Hong Kong

10.B.ii Method and Assumption Changes

Investment
Contracts with Discretionary Participation Features

Investment contracts with DPF are measured using the same approach as insurance contracts.

Investment Contracts without Discretionary Participation Features

Investment
contracts without DPF are measured at FVTPL if by doing so, a potential accounting mismatch is eliminated or significantly reduced or if the contract is managed on a fair value basis. Other investment contracts without DPF are measured at amortized
cost.

The fair value liability is measured through the use of prospective discounted cash-flow techniques. For unit-linked contracts, the fair value liability is
equal to the current unit fund value, plus additional
non-unit
 liability amounts on a fair value basis if required. For
non-
 unit-linked contracts, the fair value
liability is equal to the present value of cash flows.

Amortized cost is measured at the date of initial recognition as the fair value of consideration received,
less the net effect of principal payments such as transaction costs and
front-end
 fees. At each reporting date, the amortized cost liability is measured as the present value of future cash flows discounted at
the effective interest rate where the effective interest rate is the rate that equates the discounted cash flows to the liability at the date of initial recognition.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018    143

10.B.iii Investment Contract Liabilities

Investment contract liabilities consist of the following:

As at December 31, 2018   SLF Canada   SLF Asia   Corporate   Total
Individual participating life   $   –   $   –   $   6   $   6
Individual non-participating life and health   –   254   3   257
Individual annuities   2,646   –   43   2,689
Group annuities   –   212   –   212
Total investment contract liabilities   $   2,646   $   466   $   52   $   3,164

Included in the Investment contract liabilities of $3,164 are liabilities of $515 for investment contracts with DPF, $2,646 for investment
contracts without DPF measured at amortized cost, and $3 for investment contracts without DPF measured at fair value.

As at December 31, 2017   SLF Canada   SLF Asia   Corporate   Total
Individual participating life   $   –   $   –   $   8   $   8
Individual non-participating life and health   –   260   3   263
Individual annuities   2,517   –   48   2,565
Group annuities   –   246   –   246
Total investment contract liabilities   $   2,517   $   506   $   59   $   3,082

Included in the Investment contract liabilities of $3,082 are liabilities of $562 for investment contracts with DPF, $2,517 for investment
contracts without DPF measured at amortized cost, and $3 for investment contracts without DPF measured at fair value.

10.B.iv Changes in Investment Contract
Liabilities

Changes in investment contract liabilities without DPF are as follows:

For the years ended December 31,   2018   2017
Measured at fair value   Measured at amortized cost   Measured at fair value   Measured at amortized cost
Balance as at January 1   $   3   $   2,517   $   3   $   2,305
Deposits   –   483   –   470
Interest   –   53   –   47
Withdrawals   –   (420   )   –   (322   )
Fees   –   (8   )   –   (5   )
Other   –   21   –   19
Change in assumptions   –   –   –   3
Balance as at December 31   $   3   $   2,646   $   3   $   2,517

Changes in investment contract
liabilities with DPF are as follows:

For the years ended December 31,   2018   2017
Balance as at January 1   $   562   $   605
Change in liabilities on in-force   (84   )   (10   )
Liabilities arising from new policies   –   1
Increase (decrease) in liabilities   (84   )   (9   )
Foreign exchange rate movements   37   (34   )
Balance as at December 31   $   515   $   562

10.C Gross Claims and Benefits
Paid

Gross claims and benefits paid consist of the following:

For the years ended December 31,   2018   2017
Maturities and surrenders   $   2,609   $   2,389
Annuity payments   1,876   1,849
Death and disability benefits   3,948   3,836
Health benefits   6,421   6,079
Policyholder dividends and interest on claims and deposits   1,132   1,200
Total gross claims and benefits paid   $   15,986   $   15,353

144    Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

10.D Total Assets Supporting Liabilities and Equity

The following tables show the total assets supporting total liabilities for the product lines shown (including insurance contract and investment contract liabilities) and
assets supporting equity and other:

As at December 31, 2018   Debt securities   Equity securities   Mortgages and loans   Investment properties   Other   Total
Individual participating life   $   19,624   $   2,557   $   7,978   $   4,736   $   4,397   $   39,292
Individual non-participating life and health   18,720   1,303   14,398   1,638   9,058   45,117
Group life and health   6,271   70   9,217   –   2,882   18,440
Individual annuities   11,918   49   5,769   –   959   18,695
Group annuities   6,448   35   6,298   –   822   13,603
Equity and other   11,462   620   3,162   783   17,591   33,618
Total assets   $   74,443   $   4,634   $   46,822   $   7,157   $   35,709   $   168,765

As at December 31, 2017   Debt securities   Equity securities   Mortgages and loans   Investment properties   Other   Total
Individual participating life   $   18,855   $   3,190   $   7,458   $   4,645   $   4,508   $   38,656
Individual non-participating life and health   18,560   1,720   12,360   1,348   8,702   42,690
Group life and health   6,003   73   8,799   –   2,667   17,542
Individual annuities   12,001   50   5,506   –   1,303   18,860
Group annuities   6,076   45   5,840   –   538   12,499
Equity and other   11,124   942   2,842   1,074   16,491   32,473
Total assets   $   72,619   $   6,020   $   42,805   $   7,067   $   34,209   $   162,720

10.E Role of the Appointed Actuary

The
Appointed Actuary is appointed by the Board and is responsible for ensuring that the assumptions and methods used in the valuation of policy liabilities and reinsurance recoverables are in accordance with accepted actuarial practice in Canada,
applicable legislation, and associated regulations or directives.

The Appointed Actuary is required to provide an opinion regarding the appropriateness of the policy
liabilities net of reinsurance recoverables at the statement dates to meet all policy obligations of the Company. Examination of supporting data for accuracy and completeness and analysis of our assets for their ability to support the amount of
policy liabilities net of reinsurance recoverables are important elements of the work required to form this opinion.

The Appointed Actuary is required each year to
investigate the financial condition of the Company and prepare a report for the Board. The 2018 analysis tested our capital adequacy until December 31, 2022, under various adverse economic and business conditions. The Appointed Actuary reviews
the calculation of our Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test (“LICAT”) Ratios.

11. Reinsurance

Reinsurance is used primarily to limit exposure to large losses. We have a retention policy that requires that such arrangements be placed with well-established,
highly-rated reinsurers. Coverage is well-diversified and controls are in place to manage exposure to reinsurance counterparties. While reinsurance arrangements provide for the recovery of claims arising from the liabilities ceded, we retain primary
responsibility to the policyholders.

11.A Reinsurance Assets

Reinsurance
assets are measured using the amounts and assumptions associated with the underlying insurance contracts and in accordance with the terms of each reinsurance contract. Reinsurance assets are comprised of the following:

As at December 31, 2018   SLF Canada   SLF U.S.   SLF Asia   Corporate (1)   Total
Individual participating life   $   20   $   10   $   180   $   –   $   210
Individual non-participating life and health   (205   )   1,076   36   21   928
Group life and health   358   1,848   2   –   2,208
Individual annuities   –   –   –   186   186
Group annuities   121   –   –   –   121
Reinsurance assets before other policy assets   294   2,934   218   207   3,653
Add: Other policy
assets (2)   80   307   42   59   488
Total Reinsurance assets   $   374   $   3,241   $   260   $   266   $   4,141

(1)   Primarily business from the U.K. and run-off reinsurance operations. Includes U.K.
business of $21 for Individual non-participating life and health, and $47 for Individual annuities.

(2)   Consists of amounts on deposit, policy benefits payable, provisions for unreported claims, provisions for policyholder
dividends, and provisions for experience rating refunds.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018    145

As at December 31, 2017   SLF Canada   SLF U.S. (1)   SLF Asia (1)   Corporate (2)   Total
Individual participating life   $   4   $   (33   )   $   207   $   –   $   178
Individual non-participating life and health   129   809   73   22   1,033
Group life and health   342   1,626   2   –   1,970
Individual annuities   –   –   –   195   195
Group annuities   127   –   –   –   127
Reinsurance assets before other policy assets   602   2,402   282   217   3,503
Add: Other policy
assets (3)   85   353   32   55   525
Total Reinsurance assets   $   687   $   2,755   $   314   $   272   $   4,028

(1)   Balances in 2017 have been changed to conform with current year presentation as a result of the resegmentation described
in Note 4.

(2)   Primarily business from the U.K. and run-off reinsurance operations. Includes U.K.
business of $22 for Individual non-participating life and health, and $58 for Individual annuities.

(3)   Consists of amounts on deposit, policy benefits payable, provisions for unreported claims, provisions for policyholder
dividends, and provisions for experience rating refunds.

There was no impairment of Reinsurance assets in 2018 or 2017. Changes in Reinsurance
assets are included in Note 10.A.iv.

11.B Reinsurance (Expenses) Recoveries

Reinsurance (expenses) recoveries are comprised of the following:

For the years ended December 31,   2018   2017
Recovered claims and benefits   $   1,839   $   3,704
Commissions   74   85
Reserve adjustments   25   224
Operating expenses and other   83   360
Reinsurance (expenses) recoveries   $   2,021   $   4,373

11.C Reinsurance Gains or Losses

We did not
enter into reinsurance arrangements that resulted in profits on inception in 2018 or 2017.

12. Other Liabilities

12.A Composition of Other Liabilities

Other liabilities consist of the
following:

As at December 31,   2018   2017
Accounts payable   $   2,045   $   1,972
Bank overdrafts and cash pooling   104   140
Repurchase agreements (Note 5)   1,824   1,976
Accrued expenses and taxes   3,137   2,927
Borrowed funds (1)   188   227
Senior financing (2)   2,066   1,905
Accrued post-retirement benefit liability (Note 25)   651   710
Secured borrowings from mortgage securitization (Note 5)   1,453   1,355
Other   685   775
Total other liabilities   $   12,153   $   11,987

(1)   The change in Borrowed funds relates to net cash flow changes of $(40) in 2018 ($(45) in 2017) and foreign exchange rate
movements of $1 in 2018 ($(2) in 2017).

(2)   The change in Senior financing relates to net cash flow changes of $nil in 2018 ($nil in 2017) and foreign exchange rate
movements of $161 in 2018 ($(129) in 2017).

12.B Borrowed Funds

Borrowed funds include the following:

As at December 31,   Currency of borrowing   Maturity   2018   2017
Encumbrances on real estate   Cdn. dollars   Current – 2033   $   177   $   206
Encumbrances on real estate   U.S. dollars   Current – 2020   11   21
Total borrowed funds   $   188   $   227

Interest expense for the borrowed funds was $10 and $13 for 2018 and 2017. The aggregate maturities of borrowed funds are included in Note
6.

146    Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

12.C Senior Financing

On
November 8, 2007, a structured entity consolidated by us issued a US$1,000 variable principal floating rate certificate (the “Certificate”) to a financial institution (the “Lender”). At the same time, Sun Life Assurance
Company of
Canada-U.S.
 Operations Holdings, Inc. (“U.S. Holdings”), a subsidiary of SLF Inc., entered into an agreement with the Lender, pursuant to which U.S. Holdings will bear the ultimate
obligation to repay the outstanding principal amount of the Certificate and be obligated to make quarterly interest payments at three-month LIBOR plus a fixed spread. SLF Inc. has fully guaranteed the obligation of U.S. Holdings. The structured
entity issued additional certificates after the initial issuance, totaling to US$515, none of which were issued during 2018 and 2017. Total collateral posted per the financing agreement was US$nil as at December 31, 2018 (US$nil as at
December 31, 2017).

The maximum capacity of this agreement is US$2,500. The agreement expires on November 8, 2037 and the maturity date may be extended
annually for additional
one-year
 periods upon the mutual agreement of the parties, provided such date is not beyond November 8, 2067. The agreement can be cancelled or unwound at the option of U.S.
Holdings in whole or in part from time to time, or in whole under certain events.

For the year ended December 31, 2018, we recorded $57 of interest expense
relating to this obligation ($36 in 2017). The fair value of the obligation is $1,879 ($1,776 in 2017). The fair value is determined by discounting the expected future cash flows using a current market interest rate adjusted by SLF Inc.’s
credit spread and is categorized in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.

13. Senior Debentures and Innovative Capital Instruments

13.A Senior Debentures
(1)

The following obligations are included in Senior debentures as at December 31:

Interest rate   Earliest par call or redemption date   Maturity   2018   2017
SLF Inc. senior debentures
Series D issued June 30, 2009 (2)   5.70%   n/a   2019   $   300   $   300
Series E issued August 23, 2011 (2)   4.57%   n/a   2021   299   299
Sun Life Assurance senior debentures (3)
Issued to Sun Life Capital Trust ("SLCT I")
Series B issued June 25, 2002   7.09%   June 30, 2032   (4)   2052   200   200
Issued to Sun Life Capital Trust II ("SLCT II")
Series C issued November 20, 2009 (5)   6.06%   December 31, 2019   (6)   2108   500   500
Total senior debentures   $   1,299   $   1,299
Fair value   $   1,390   $   1,439

(1)   All senior debentures are unsecured.

(2)   Redeemable in whole or in part at any time prior to maturity at a price equal to the greater of par and a price based on
the yield of a corresponding Government of Canada bond plus 0.575% for the Series D debentures and 0.53% for the Series E debentures.

(3)   Redemption is subject to regulatory approval.

(4)   Redeemable in whole or in part on any interest payment date or in whole upon the occurrence of a Regulatory Event or Tax
Event, as described in the debenture. Prior to June 30, 2032, the redemption price is the greater of par and a price based on the yield of a corresponding Government of Canada bond plus 0.32%; from June 30, 2032, the redemption price is
par.

(5)   On December 31, 2019, and every fifth anniversary thereafter (“Interest Reset Date”), the interest rate
will reset to an annual rate equal to the five-year Government of Canada bond yield plus 3.60%.

(6)   Redeemable in whole or in part. If redemption occurs on an Interest Reset Date, the redemption price is par; otherwise, it
is the greater of par and a price based on the yield of a corresponding Government of Canada bond plus (i) 0.65% if redemption occurs prior to December 31, 2019, or (ii) 1.30% if redemption occurs after December 31, 2019. Also redeemable
in whole at par at any time upon the occurrence of a Regulatory Event or Tax Event, as described in the debenture.

Fair value is determined based
on quoted market prices for identical or similar instruments. When quoted market prices are not available, fair value is determined from observable market data by dealers that are typically the market makers. The fair value is categorized in
Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.

Interest expense for senior debentures was $76 for 2018 and 2017, respectively.

The senior debentures issued by SLF Inc. are direct senior unsecured obligations and rank equally with other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of SLF Inc.

13.B Innovative Capital Instruments

Innovative capital instruments consist of
Sun Life ExchangEable Capital Securities (“SLEECS”), which were issued by SLCT I and SLCT II (together “SL Capital Trusts”), established as trusts under the laws of Ontario. SLCT I issued Sun Life ExchangEable Capital Securities
– Series B (“SLEECS B”), which are units representing an undivided beneficial ownership interest in the assets of that trust. SLEECS B are
non-voting
 except in certain limited circumstances.
Holders of the SLEECS B are eligible to receive semi-annual
non-
 cumulative fixed cash distributions. SLCT II issued Sun Life ExchangEable Capital Securities – Series

2009-1
 (“SLEECS
2009-1”),
 which are subordinated unsecured debt obligations. Holders of SLEECS
2009-1
 are eligible to
receive semi-annual interest payments. The proceeds of the issuances of SLEECS B and SLEECS
2009-1
 were used by the SL Capital Trusts to purchase senior debentures of Sun Life Assurance. The SL Capital Trusts
are not consolidated by us. As a result, the innovative capital instruments are not reported on our Consolidated Financial Statements. However, the senior debentures issued by Sun Life Assurance to the SL Capital Trusts are reported on our
Consolidated Financial Statements.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018    147

The SLEECS are structured to achieve Tier 1 regulatory capital treatment for SLF Inc. and Sun Life Assurance and, as
such, have features of equity capital. No interest payments or distributions will be paid in cash by the SL Capital Trusts on the SLEECS if Sun Life Assurance fails to declare regular dividends (i) on its Class B
Non-Cumulative
 Preferred Shares Series A, or (ii) on its public preferred shares, if any are outstanding (each, a “Missed Dividend Event”). In the case of the SLEECS

2009-1,
 if a Missed Dividend Event occurs or if an interest payment is not made in cash on the SLEECS
2009-1
 for any reason, including at the election of Sun Life
Assurance, holders of the SLEECS
2009-1
 will be required to invest interest paid on the SLEECS
2009-1
 in
non-cumulative
 perpetual
preferred shares of Sun Life Assurance. In the case of the SLEECS B, if a Missed Dividend Event occurs, the net distributable funds of SLCT I will be distributed to Sun Life Assurance as the holder of Special Trust Securities of that trust. If the
SL Capital Trusts fail to pay in cash the semi-annual interest payments or distributions on the SLEECS in full for any reason other than a Missed Dividend Event, then, for a specified period of time, Sun Life Assurance will not declare dividends of
any kind on any of its public preferred shares, and if no such public preferred shares are outstanding, SLF Inc. will not declare dividends of any kind on any of its preferred shares or common shares.

Each SLEECS B unit and each one thousand dollars principal amount of SLEECS
2009-1
 will be automatically exchanged for 40
non-
 cumulative perpetual preferred shares of Sun Life Assurance if any one of the following events occurs: (i) proceedings are commenced or an order is made for the

winding-up
 of Sun Life Assurance; (ii) OSFI takes control of Sun Life Assurance or its assets; (iii) Sun Life Assurance’s capital ratios fall below applicable thresholds; or (iv) OSFI
directs Sun Life Assurance to increase its capital or provide additional liquidity and Sun Life Assurance either fails to comply with such direction or elects to have the SLEECS automatically exchanged (“Automatic Exchange Event”). Upon an
Automatic Exchange Event, former holders of the SLEECS will cease to have any claim or entitlement to distributions, interest or principal against the issuing SL Capital Trusts and will rank as preferred shareholders of Sun Life Assurance in a
liquidation of Sun Life Assurance.

According to OSFI guidelines, innovative capital instruments can comprise up to 15% of net Tier 1 capital with an additional 5%
eligible for Tier 2B capital. As at December 31, 2018, for regulatory capital purposes of Sun Life Assurance, $699 (2017 – $699) represented Tier 1 capital.

The table below presents additional significant terms and conditions of the SLEECS:

Issuer   Issuance date   Distribution or interest payment dates   Annual yield   Redemption date at the issuer’s option   Conversion date at the holder’s option   Principal amount
Sun Life Capital Trust(1)(2)(3)(4)   June 25, 2002   June 30, December 31   7.093%   June 30, 2007   Any time   $   200
SLEECS B
Sun Life Capital Trust II(1)(2)
SLEECS 2009-1   November 20, 2009   June 30, December 31   5.863%   (5)   December 31, 2014   No conversion option   500
Total   $   700

(1)   Subject to regulatory approval, the SL Capital Trusts may (i) redeem any outstanding SLEECS, in whole or in part, on
the redemption date specified above or on any distribution date thereafter, or in the case of SLCT II, on any date thereafter, and (ii) may redeem all, but not part of any class of SLEECS upon occurrence of a Regulatory Event or a Tax Event,
prior to the redemption date specified above.

(2)   The SLEECS B may be redeemed for cash equivalent to (i) the greater of the Early Redemption Price or the Redemption
Price if the redemption occurs prior to June 30, 2032 or (ii) the Redemption Price if the redemption occurs on or after June 30, 2032. Redemption Price is equal to one thousand dollars plus the unpaid distributions, other than unpaid
distributions resulting from a Missed Dividend Event, to the redemption date. Early Redemption Price for the SLEECS B is the price calculated to provide an annual yield, equal to the yield of a Government of Canada bond issued on the redemption date
that has a maturity date of June 30, 2032, plus 32 basis points, plus the unpaid distributions, other than unpaid distributions resulting from a Missed Dividend Event, to the redemption date. The SLEECS 2009-1 may be redeemed for cash equivalent to, on any day that is not an Interest Reset Date, accrued and unpaid interest on the SLEECS 2009-1 plus the greater of par
and a price calculated to provide an annual yield equal to the yield of a Government of Canada bond maturing on the next Interest Reset Date plus (i) 0.60% if the redemption date is prior to December 31, 2019 or (ii) 1.20% if the redemption
date is any time after December 31, 2019. On an Interest Reset Date, the redemption price is equal to par plus accrued and unpaid interest on the SLEECS 2009-1.

(3)   The non-cumulative perpetual preferred shares of Sun Life Assurance issued upon an
Automatic Exchange Event in respect of the SLEECS B will become convertible, at the option of the holder, into a variable number of common shares of SLF Inc. on distribution dates on or after December 31, 2032.

(4)   Holders of SLEECS B may exchange, at any time, all or part of their SLEECS B units for non-cumulative perpetual preferred shares of Sun Life Assurance at an exchange rate for each SLEECS of 40 non-cumulative perpetual preferred shares of Sun Life
Assurance. SLCT I will have the right, at any time before the exchange is completed, to arrange for a substituted purchaser to purchase SLEECS tendered for surrender to SLCT I so long as the holder of the SLEECS so tendered has not withheld consent
to the purchase of its SLEECS. Any non-cumulative perpetual preferred shares issued in respect of an exchange by the holders of SLEECS B will become convertible, at the option of the holder, into a variable
number of common shares of SLF Inc. on distribution dates on or after December 31, 2032.

(5)   Holders of SLEECS 2009-1 are eligible to receive semi-annual interest payments at
a fixed rate until December 31, 2019. The interest rate on the SLEECS 2009-1 will reset on December 31, 2019 and every fifth anniversary thereafter to equal the five-year Government of Canada bond
yield plus 3.40%.

148    Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

14. Subordinated Debt

The following obligations are included in Subordinated debt as at December 31, and qualify as capital for Canadian regulatory purposes:

Interest rate   Earliest par call or redemption date (1)   Maturity   2018   2017
Sun Life Assurance:
Issued May 15, 1998 (2)   6.30   %   n/a   2028   $   150   $   150
Sun Life Financial Inc.:
Issued May 29, 2007 (3)   5.40   %   May 29, 2037   (4)   2042   398   398
Issued January 30, 2008 (5)   5.59   %   January 30, 2018   (5)   2023   –   400
Issued March 2, 2012 (6)   4.38   %   March 2, 2017   (6)   2022   –   –
Issued May 13, 2014 (7)   2.77   %   May 13, 2019   2024   250   249
Issued September 25, 2015 (8)   2.60   %   September 25, 2020   2025   499   498
Issued February 19, 2016 (9)   3.10   %   February 19, 2021   2026   349   349
Issued September 19, 2016 (10)   3.05   %   September 19, 2023   (4)   2028   995   995
Issued November 23, 2017 (11)   2.75   %   November 23, 2022   2027   398   398
Total subordinated debt   $   3,039   $   3,437
Fair value   $   3,129   $   3,583

(1)   The debentures issued by SLF Inc. in 2007 are redeemable at any time and the debentures issued by SLF Inc. in 2014, 2015,
2016, and 2017 are redeemable on or after the date specified. From the date noted, the redemption price is par and redemption may only occur on a scheduled interest payment date. Redemption of all subordinated debentures is subject to regulatory
approval.

(2)   6.30% Debentures, Series 2, due 2028, issued by The Mutual Life Assurance Company of Canada, which subsequently changed
its name to Clarica Life Insurance Company (“Clarica”) and was amalgamated with Sun Life Assurance. These debentures are redeemable at any time. Prior to May 15, 2028, the redemption price is the greater of par and a price based on
the yield of a corresponding Government of Canada bond plus 0.16%.

(3)   Series 2007-1 Subordinated Unsecured 5.40% Fixed/Floating Debentures due 2042.
From May 29, 2037, interest is payable at 1.00% over Canadian dollar offered rate for three-month bankers’ acceptances (“CDOR”).

(4)   For redemption of the 2007 debentures prior to the date noted, and for redemptions of the September 19, 2016
debentures between September 19, 2021 and September 19, 2023, the redemption price is the greater of par and a price based on the yield of a corresponding Government of Canada bond plus 0.25% for the 2007 debentures and 0.52% for the
September 19, 2016 debentures.

(5)   Series 2008-1 Subordinated Unsecured 5.59% Fixed/Floating Debentures due 2023. On
January 30, 2018, SLF Inc. redeemed all of the outstanding $400 principal amount of these debentures at a redemption price equal to the principal amount together with accrued and unpaid interest.

(6)   Series 2012-1 Subordinated Unsecured 4.38% Fixed/Floating Debentures due 2022. On
March 2, 2017, SLF Inc. redeemed all of the outstanding $800 principal amount of these debentures at a redemption price equal to the principal amount together with accrued and unpaid interest.

(7)   Series 2014-1 Subordinated Unsecured 2.77% Fixed/Floating Debentures due 2024.
From May 13, 2019, interest is payable at 0.75% over CDOR.

(8)   Series 2015-1 Subordinated Unsecured 2.60% Fixed/Floating Debentures due 2025.
From September 25, 2020, interest is payable at 1.43% over CDOR.

(9)   Series 2016-1 Subordinated Unsecured 3.10% Fixed/Floating Debentures due 2026.
From February 19, 2021, interest is payable at 2.20% over CDOR.

(10)   Series 2016-2 Subordinated Unsecured 3.05% Fixed/Floating Debentures due 2028.
From September 19, 2023, interest is payable at 1.85% over CDOR.

(11)   Series 2017-1 Subordinated Unsecured 2.75% Fixed/Floating Debentures due 2027.
From November 23, 2022, interest is payable at 0.74% over CDOR.

Fair value is determined based on quoted market prices for identical or
similar instruments. When quoted market prices are not available, fair value is determined from observable market data by dealers that are typically the market makers. The fair value is categorized in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.

Interest expense on subordinated debt was $105 and $122 for 2018 and 2017, respectively.

15. Share Capital

The
authorized share capital of SLF Inc. consists of the following:

•   An unlimited number of common shares without nominal or par value. Each common share is entitled to one vote at meetings of
the shareholders of SLF Inc. There are no pre-emptive, redemption, purchase, or conversion rights attached to the common shares.

•   An unlimited number of Class A and Class B non-voting shares, issuable in
series. The Board is authorized before issuing the shares, to fix the number, the consideration per share, the designation of, and the rights and restrictions of the Class A and Class B shares of each series, subject to the special rights
and restrictions attached to all the Class A and Class B shares. The Board has authorized 13 series of Class A non-voting preferred shares, 10 of which are outstanding.

The common and preferred shares of SLF Inc. qualify as capital for Canadian regulatory purposes. See Note 21.

Dividends and Restrictions on the Payment of Dividends

Under the
Insurance
Companies Act
 (Canada), SLF Inc. and Sun Life Assurance are each prohibited from declaring or paying a dividend on any of its shares if there are reasonable grounds for believing that it is, or by paying the dividend would be, in contravention
of: (i) the requirement that it maintains adequate capital and adequate and appropriate forms of liquidity, (ii) any regulations under the
Insurance Companies Act
 (Canada) in relation to capital and liquidity, and (iii) any
order by which OSFI directs it to increase its capital or provide additional liquidity.

SLF Inc. and Sun Life Assurance have each covenanted that, if a distribution
is not paid when due on any outstanding SLEECS issued by the SL Capital Trusts, then (i) Sun Life Assurance will not pay dividends on its public preferred shares, if any are outstanding, and

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018    149

(ii) if Sun Life Assurance does not have any public preferred shares outstanding, then SLF Inc. will not pay dividends
on its preferred shares or common shares, in each case, until the 12th month (in the case of the SLEECS issued by SLCT I) or 6th month (in the case of SLEECS issued by SLCT II) following the failure to pay the required distribution in full, unless
the required distribution is paid to the holders of SLEECS. Public preferred shares means preferred shares issued by Sun Life Assurance which: (a) have been issued to the public (excluding any preferred shares held beneficially by affiliates of
Sun Life Assurance); (b) are listed on a recognized stock exchange; and (c) have an aggregate liquidation entitlement of at least $200. As at December 31, 2018, Sun Life Assurance did not have outstanding any shares that qualify as public
preferred shares.

The terms of SLF Inc.’s outstanding preferred shares provide that for so long as Sun Life Assurance is a subsidiary of SLF Inc., no dividends
on such preferred shares are to be declared or paid if Sun Life Assurance’s minimum regulatory capital ratio falls below the applicable threshold.

In addition,
under the terms of SLF Inc.’s outstanding preferred shares, SLF Inc. cannot pay dividends on its common shares without the approval of the holders of those preferred shares unless all dividends on the preferred shares for the last completed
period for which dividends are payable have been declared and paid or set apart for payment.

Currently, the above limitations do not restrict the payment of
dividends on SLF Inc.’s preferred or common shares.

The declaration and payment of dividends on SLF Inc.’s shares are at the sole discretion of the Board
of Directors and will be dependent upon our earnings, financial condition and capital requirements. Dividends may be adjusted or eliminated at the discretion of the Board on the basis of these or other considerations.

15.A Common Shares

The changes in common shares issued and outstanding for
the years ended December 31 were as follows:

2018   2017
Common shares (in millions of shares)   Number of shares   Amount   Number of shares   Amount
Balance, January 1   610.5   $   8,582   613.6   $   8,614
Stock options exercised (Note 19)   0.4   16   0.4   18
Common shares purchased for cancellation (1)   (12.5   ) (2)   (183   )   (3.5   )   (50   )
Common shares issued as consideration for business
acquisition   0.1   4   –   –
Balance, December 31   598.5   $   8,419   610.5   $   8,582

(1)   On August 14, 2018 and August 14, 2017, SLF Inc. launched normal course issuer bids to purchase and cancel up to
14 million common shares of SLF Inc. (“commons shares”) between August 14, 2018 and August 13, 2019 (the “2018 NCIB”) and 11.5 million common shares between August 14, 2017 and August 13, 2018,
respectively. Common shares purchased for cancellation are purchased through the facilities of the Toronto Stock Exchange, other Canadian stock exchanges, and/or alternative Canadian trading platforms, at prevailing market rates, or by way of
private agreements or share repurchase programs under issuer bid exemption orders issued by securities regulatory authorities at a discount to the prevailing market price. On December 10, 2018, in connection with the 2018 NCIB, SLF Inc.
implemented an automatic repurchase plan with its designated broker in order to facilitate purchases of common shares. Under the automatic repurchase plan, SLF Inc.’s designated broker may purchase common shares pursuant to the 2018 NCIB at
times when SLF Inc. ordinarily would not be active in the market due to regulatory restrictions or self-imposed blackout periods. In 2018, SLF Inc. purchased and cancelled approximately 12.5 million common shares at an average price per share
of $50.83 for a total amount of $635 under these programs. An additional 0.1 million common shares were purchased in 2018 and cancelled in 2019 at an average price of $44.91 for a total amount of $6 under the 2018 NCIB. The total amount paid to
purchase the shares is allocated to Common shares and Retained earnings in our Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity. The amount allocated to Common shares is based on the average cost per common share and amounts paid above the average cost
are allocated to Retained earnings.

(2)   1.1 million shares were purchased pursuant to a third-party share repurchase program under an issuer bid exemption
order at a discount to the prevailing market price of the common shares on the Toronto Stock Exchange.

150    Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

15.B Preferred Shares

The
were no changes in preferred shares issued and outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017.

Further information on the
preferred shares outstanding as at December 31, 2018, is as follows:

Class A Preferred shares (in millions of shares)   Issue date   Annual dividend rate   Annual dividend per share   Earliest par call or redemption date (1)   Number of shares   Face amount   Net amount (2)
Series 1   February 25, 2005   4.75%   $   1.19   Any time   16.0   $   400   $   394
Series 2   July 15, 2005   4.80%   $   1.20   Any time   13.0   325   318
Series 3   January 13, 2006   4.45%   $   1.11   Any time   10.0   250   245
Series 4   October 10, 2006   4.45%   $   1.11   Any time   12.0   300   293
Series 5   February 2, 2007   4.50%   $   1.13   Any time   10.0   250   245
Series 8R (3)   May 25, 2010   2.275%   (3)   $   0.57   June 30, 2020   (4)   5.2   130   127
Series 9QR (6)   June 30, 2015   Floating   (5)   Floating   June 30, 2020   (7)   6.0   150   147
Series 10R (3)   August 12, 2011   2.842%   (3)   $   0.71   (8)   September 30, 2021   (4)   6.9   173   169
Series 11QR (6)   September 30, 2016   Floating   (5)   Floating   September 30, 2021   (7)   1.1   27   26
Series 12R (3)   November 10, 2011   3.806%   (3)   $   0.95   (8)   December 31, 2021   (4)   12.0   300   293
Total preferred shares   92.2   $   2,305   $   2,257

(1)   Redemption of all preferred shares is subject to regulatory approval.

(2)   Net of after-tax issuance costs.

(3)   On the earliest redemption date and every five years thereafter, the dividend rate will reset to an annual rate equal to
the 5-year Government of Canada bond yield plus a spread specified for each series. The specified spread for Class A shares is: Series 8R – 1.41%, Series 10R – 2.17% and Class A Non-Cumulative 5-Year Rate Reset Preferred Shares Series 12R (“Series 12R Shares”) – 2.73%. On the earliest redemption date and every five years thereafter,
holders will have the right, at their option, to convert their shares into the series that is one number higher than their existing series.

(4)   Redeemable on the redemption date and every five years thereafter, in whole or in part, at $25.00 per share.

(5)   Holders are entitled to receive quarterly floating rate non-cumulative dividends
at an annual rate equal to the then 3-month Government of Canada treasury bill yield plus a spread specified for each series. The specified spread for Class A shares is: Series 9QR – 1.41% and Series
11QR – 2.17%.

(6)   On the earliest redemption date and every five years thereafter, holders will have the right, at their option, to convert
those shares into the series that is one number lower than their existing series.

(7)   Redeemable on the redemption date and every five years thereafter, in whole or in part, at $25.00 per share, and on any
other date at $25.50 per share.

(8)   The annual dividend per share in the table above is the amount paid per share in 2018.

16. Interests in Other Entities

16.A Subsidiaries

Our principal subsidiaries are Sun Life Assurance and Sun
Life Global Investments Inc. Sun Life Assurance is our principal operating insurance company and holds our insurance operations in Canada, the U.S., the U.K., the Philippines, Hong Kong, Indonesia and Vietnam. These insurance operations are operated
directly by Sun Life Assurance or through other subsidiaries. Sun Life Global Investments Inc. is a
non-operating
 holding company that holds our asset management businesses, including Massachusetts Financial
Services Company and the group of companies under SLIM.

We are required to comply with various regulatory capital and solvency requirements in the jurisdictions in
which we operate that may restrict our ability to access or use the assets of the group and to pay dividends. Further details on these restrictions are included in Notes 15 and 21.

16.B Joint Ventures and Associates

We have interests in various joint
ventures and associates that principally operate in India, Malaysia, China, and the Philippines. We also have interests in joint ventures related to certain real estate investments in Canada. Our interests in these joint ventures and associates
range from 24.99% to 50%. The following table summarizes, in aggregate, the financial information of these joint ventures and associates:

As at or for the years ended December 31,   2018   2017
Carrying amount of interests in joint ventures and associates   $   1,500   $   1,369
Our share of:
Net income (loss)   91   67
Other comprehensive income (loss)   7   (31   )
Total comprehensive income (loss)   $   98   $   36

In 2018, we increased our investment in our joint ventures and associates by $64 ($121 in 2017), primarily in Asia.

During 2018, we received dividends from our joint ventures and associates of $34 ($36 in 2017). We also incurred rental expenses of $16 ($9 in 2017) related to leases
with our joint ventures and associates, with the remaining future rental payments payable to our joint ventures and associates totaling $228 over 14 years.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018    151

16.C Joint Operations

We
invest jointly in investment properties and owner-occupied properties which are
co-managed
 under contractual relationships with the other investors. We share in the revenues and expenses generated by these
properties in proportion to our investment. The carrying amount of these jointly controlled assets, which is included in Investment properties and in Other Assets for owner-occupied properties, is $1,223 as at December 31, 2018 ($1,205 as at
December 31, 2017). The fair value of these jointly controlled assets is $1,307 as at December 31, 2018 ($1,293 as at December 31, 2017).

16.D
Unconsolidated Structured Entities

SLF Inc. and its subsidiaries have interests in various structured entities that are not consolidated by us. A structured
entity is an entity that has been designed so that voting or similar rights are not the dominant factor in deciding who controls the entity, such as when any voting rights relate to administrative tasks only and the relevant activities are directed
by means of contractual arrangements. We have an interest in a structured entity when we have a contractual or
non-contractual
 involvement that exposes us to variable returns from the performance of the
entity. Our interest includes investments held in securities or units issued by these entities and fees earned from management of the assets within these entities.

Information on our interests in unconsolidated structured entities is as follows:

As at December 31,   2018   2017
Type of structured entity   Type of investment held   Consolidated Statements of Financial Position line item   Carrying amount   Maximum exposure to loss (1)   Carrying amount   Maximum exposure to loss (1)
Securitization entities – third-party managed   Debt securities   Debt securities   $   7,366   $   7,366   $   5,899   $   5,899
Securitization entities – third-party managed   Short-term securities   Cash, cash equivalents and short-term securities   $   430   $   430   $   725   $   725
Investment funds – third-party managed   Investment fund units   Equity securities   $   3,439   $   3,439   $   4,877   $   4,877
Investment funds – company managed (2)   Investment fund units and Limited partnership units   Equity securities and Other invested assets   $   1,705   $   1,705   $   1,455   $   1,455
Limited partnerships – third-party managed   Limited partnership units   Other invested assets   $   1,557   $   1,557   $   1,258   $   1,258

(1)   The maximum exposure to loss is the maximum loss that we could record through comprehensive income as a result of our
involvement with these entities.

(2)   Includes investments in funds managed by our joint ventures with a carrying amount of $213 ($245 in 2017).

16.D.i Securitization Entities

Securitization entities
are structured entities that are generally financed primarily through the issuance of debt securities that are backed by a pool of assets, such as mortgages or loans.

Third-Party Managed

Our investments in third-party managed securitization
entities consist of asset-backed securities, such as commercial mortgage-backed securities, residential mortgage-backed securities, collateralized debt obligations (“CDOs”), and commercial paper. These securities are generally large-issue
debt securities designed to transform the cash flows from a specific pool of underlying assets into tranches providing various risk exposures for investment purposes. We do not provide financial or other support to these entities other than our
original investment and therefore our maximum exposure to loss on these investments is limited to the carrying amount of our investment. We do not have control over these investments since we do not have power to direct the relevant activities of
these entities, regardless of the level of our investment.

Company Managed

We provide collateral management services to various securitization entities, primarily CDOs, from which we earn a fee for our services. The financial support provided to
these entities is limited to the carrying amount of our investment in these entities. We provide no guarantees or other contingent support to these entities. We have not consolidated these entities since we do not have significant variability from
our interests in these entities and we do not have any investment in these entities.

16.D.ii Investment Funds and Limited Partnerships

Investment funds and limited partnerships are investment vehicles that consist of a pool of funds collected from a group of investors for the purpose of investing in
assets such as money market instruments, debt securities, equity securities, real estate, and other similar assets. The preceding table includes our investments in all investment funds, including mutual funds, exchange-traded funds, and segregated
funds, and our investments in certain limited partnerships. Some of these investment funds and limited partnerships are structured entities. For all investment funds and limited partnerships, our maximum exposure to loss is equivalent to the
carrying amount of our investment in the fund or partnership. Investment funds and limited partnerships are generally financed through the issuance of investment fund units or limited partnership units.

Third-Party Managed

We hold units in investment funds and limited
partnerships managed by third-party asset managers. Our investments in fund units and limited partnership units generally give us an undivided interest in the investment performance of a portfolio of underlying assets managed or tracked to a
specific investment mandate for investment purposes. We do not have control over investment funds or limited partnerships that are structured entities since we do not have power to direct their relevant activities.

152    Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Company Managed

We hold
units in Company managed investment funds and limited partnerships. We generally have power over Company managed investment funds and limited partnerships that are structured entities since we have power to direct the relevant activities of the
funds and limited partnerships. However, we have not consolidated these funds and limited partnerships since we do not have significant variability from our interests in these funds and limited partnerships. We earn management fees from the
management of these investment funds and limited partnerships that are commensurate with the services provided and are reported in Fee income.

Management fees are
generally based on the value of the assets under management. Therefore, the fees earned are impacted by the composition of the assets under management and fluctuations in financial markets. The fee income earned is included in Fund management and
other asset based fees in Note 17. We also hold units in investment funds and limited partnerships managed by our joint ventures. Our share of the management fees earned is included as part of the Net income (loss) reported in Note 16.B.

16.E Consolidated Structured Entities

A significant structured entity
consolidated by us is the entity that issued the senior financing that is described in more detail in Note 12.C. We also consolidate certain investment funds managed by Sun Life Institutional Investments (Canada) Inc. that invest primarily in
mortgages and investment properties.

17. Fee Income

Fee
income for the years ended December 31 consists of the following:

2018   2017 (1)
Fee income from insurance contracts   $   968   $   894
Fee income from service contracts:
Distribution fees   829   867
Fund management and other asset-based fees   3,444   3,423
Administrative service and other fees   725   658
Total fee income   $   5,966   $   5,842

(1)   Balances in 2017 have been changed to conform with current year presentation as a result of the adoption of IFRS 15
described in Note 2.

Distribution fees and Fund management and other asset-based fees are primarily earned in the SLF Asset Management segment.
Administrative service and other fees are primarily earned in the SLF Canada segment. The fee income by reportable segment is presented in Note 4.

18. Operating Expenses

Operating expenses for the years ended December 31 consist of the following:

2018   2017
Employee expenses (1)   $   3,707   $   3,672
Premises and equipment   268   263
Capital asset depreciation   107   97
Service fees   870   799
Amortization of intangible assets (Note 9)   119   112
Other
expenses (2)   1,361   1,467
Total operating expenses   $   6,432   $   6,410

(1)   See table below for further details.

(2)   Includes restructuring costs of $60 recorded in 2017 for the Company’s plan to enhance business processes and
organizational structures and capabilities.

Employee expenses for the years ended December 31 consist of the following:

2018   2017
Salaries, bonus, employee benefits   $   3,322   $   3,155
Share-based payments (Note 19)   346   476
Other personnel costs   39   41
Total employee expenses   $   3,707   $   3,672

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018    153

19. Share-Based Payments

19.A Stock Option Plans

SLF Inc. has granted stock options to eligible
employees under the Executive Stock Option Plan. These options are granted at the closing price of the common shares on the Toronto Stock Exchange (“TSX”) on the grant date for stock options granted after January 1, 2007. The options
granted under the stock option plans vest over a four-year period. All options have a maximum exercise period of 10 years. The maximum numbers of common shares that may be issued under the Executive Stock Option Plan are 29,525,000 shares.

The activities in the stock option plans for the years ended December 31 are as follows:

2018   2017
Number of stock options (thousands)   Weighted average exercise price   Number of stock options (thousands)   Weighted average exercise price
Balance, January 1,   3,008   $   33.88   3,397   $   34.19
Granted   517   $   53.96   369   $   48.20
Exercised   (399   )   $   34.57   (437   )   $   34.70
Forfeited   (25   )   $   43.79   (4   )   $   47.96
Expired   –   $   –   (317   )   $   52.54
Balance, December 31,   3,101   $   37.06   3,008   $   33.88
Exercisable, December 31,   2,041   $   30.97   2,071   $   29.76

The average share price at the date of exercise of stock options for the year ended December 31, 2018 was $53.28 ($49.98 for 2017).

Compensation expense for stock options was $3 for the year ended December 31, 2018 ($3 for 2017).

The stock options outstanding as at December 31, 2018, by exercise price, are as follows:

Range of exercise prices   Number of stock options (thousands)   Weighted average remaining contractual life (years)   Weighted average exercise price
$18.00 to $24.00   624   2.63   $   21.28
$24.01 to $30.00   350   3.74   $   27.79
$30.01 to $35.00   308   1.82   $   31.11
$35.01 to $45.00   949   6.23   $   39.45
$45.01 to $53.96   870   8.75   $   51.62
Total stock options   3,101   5.49   $   37.06

The weighted average fair values of the stock options, calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, granted during the year
ended December 31, 2018 was $7.00 ($9.41 for 2017). The Black-Scholes option pricing model used the following assumptions to determine the fair value of options granted during the years ending December 31:

Weighted average assumptions   2018   2017
Risk-free interest rate   2.2   %   1.3   %
Expected volatility   21.3   %   31.7   %
Expected dividend yield   4   %   4   %
Expected life of the option (in years)   6.3   6.3
Exercise price   $   53.96   $   48.20

Expected volatility is based on historical volatility of the common shares, implied volatilities from traded options on the common shares,
and other factors. The expected term of options granted is derived based on historical employee exercise behaviour and employee termination experience. The risk-free rate for periods within the expected term of the option is based on the Canadian
government bond yield curve in effect at the time of grant.

19.B Employee Share Ownership Plan

In Canada, we match eligible employees’ contributions to the Sun Life Financial Employee Stock Plan. Employees may elect to contribute from 1% to 20% of their target
annual compensation to the Sun Life Financial Employee Stock Plan. Under this plan the match is provided for employees who have met one year of employment eligibility and is equal to 50% of the employee’s contributions up to 5% of an
employee’s annual compensation. The match is further capped by a one thousand five hundred dollar annual maximum. Our contributions vest immediately and are expensed. We recorded an expense of $8 for the year ended December 31, 2018 ($7
for 2017).

154    Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

19.C Other Share-Based Payment Plans

All other share-based payment plans use notional units that are valued based on the common share price on the TSX. Any fluctuation in the common share price changes the
value of the units, which affects our share-based payment compensation expense. Upon redemption of these units, payments are made to the employees with a corresponding reduction in the accrued liability. We use equity swaps and forwards to hedge our
exposure to variations in cash flows due to changes in the common share price for all of these plans.

Details of these plans are as follows:

Senior Executives’ Deferred Share Unit (“DSU”) Plan:
Under the DSU plan, designated executives may elect to receive all or a portion of their annual
incentive award in the form of DSUs. Each DSU is equivalent in value to one common share and earns dividend equivalents in the form of additional DSUs at the same rate as the dividends on common shares. The designated executives must elect to
participate in the plan prior to the beginning of the plan year and this election is irrevocable. Awards generally vest immediately; however, participants are not permitted to redeem the DSUs until after termination, death, or retirement. The value
at the time of redemption will be based on the fair value of the common shares immediately before their redemption.

Sun Share Unit (“Sun Share”) Plan:

Under the Sun Share plan, participants are granted units that are equivalent in value to one common share and have a grant price equal to the average of the closing price of a common share on the TSX on the five trading days immediately prior to
the date of grant. Participants generally hold units for up to 36 months from the date of grant. The units earn dividend equivalents in the form of additional units at the same rate as the dividends on common shares. Units may vest or become payable
if we meet specified threshold performance targets. The plan provides for performance factors to motivate participants to achieve a higher return for shareholders (performance factors are determined through a multiplier that can be as low as zero or
as high as two times the number of units that vest). Payments to participants are based on the number of units vested multiplied by the average closing price of a common share on the TSX on the five trading days immediately prior to the vesting
date.

Additional information for other share-based payment plans:
The units outstanding under these plans and the liabilities recognized for these units in
our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position are summarized in the following table:

Number of units (in thousands)   Sun Shares   DSUs   Total
Units outstanding December 31, 2018   5,967   854   6,821
Units outstanding December 31, 2017   6,507   1,040   7,547
Liability accrued as at December 31, 2018   $   200   $   35   $   235
Liability accrued as at December 31, 2017   $   250   $   50   $   300

Compensation expense and the income tax expense (benefit) for other share-based payment plans for the years ended December 31 are
shown in the following table. Since expenses for the DSUs are accrued as part of incentive compensation in the year awarded, the expenses below do not include these accruals. The expenses presented in the following table include increases in the
liabilities for Sun Shares and DSUs due to changes in the fair value of the common shares and the accruals of the Sun Shares liabilities over the vesting period, and exclude any adjustment in expenses due to the impact of hedging.

For the years ended December 31,   2018   2017
Compensation expense   $   87   $   125
Income tax expense (benefit)   $   (21   )   $   (32   )

19.D Share-Based Payment Plans of MFS

Share-based payment awards within MFS are based on their own shares. Restricted share awards and stock option awards are settled in MFS shares and restricted stock unit
awards are settled in cash. Restricted share awards, restricted stock unit awards, and stock option awards generally vest over a four-year period and continued employment is generally the only service requirement for these awards. Holders of
restricted share awards and restricted stock unit awards are entitled to receive
non-forfeitable
 dividend equivalent payments during the vesting period at the same rate as the dividends on MFS’s shares.

Although restricted share awards and stock option awards are settled in shares, all of the MFS share-based awards, including outstanding MFS shares, are accounted
for as cash-settled share-based payment awards due to the fact that MFS has a practice of repurchasing its outstanding shares after a specified holding period. The fair value of stock option awards is determined using the Black-Scholes option
pricing model, while the fair value of restricted share awards, restricted stock unit awards, and outstanding MFS shares are estimated using a market consistent share valuation model. The amount of periodic compensation expense recognized is
impacted by grants of new awards, vesting, exercise, and forfeiture of unvested awards, share repurchases, changes in fair value of awards, and outstanding MFS shares. The total liability accrued attributable to all MFS share-based payment plans as
at December 31, 2018 was $831 ($844 as at December 31, 2017) which includes a liability of $677 (US$496) for the stock options, restricted shares, and outstanding MFS shares.

Compensation expense and the income tax expense (benefit) for these awards for the years ended December 31 are shown in the following table:

For the years ended December 31,   2018   2017
Compensation expense   $   248   $   341
Income tax expense (benefit)   $   (49   )   $   (85   )

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018    155

20. Income Taxes

20.A Deferred Income Taxes

The following represents the deferred tax assets
and liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position by source of temporary differences:

As at December 31,   2018   2017
Assets (1)   Liabilities (1)   Assets (1)   Liabilities (1)
Investments   $   (738   )   $   8   $   (841   )   $   116
Policy liabilities (2)   1,116   379   1,218   322
Deferred acquisition costs   95   (1   )   84   7
Losses available for carry forward   600   (48   )   543   (6   )
Pension and other employee benefits   183   (136   )   201   (150   )
Other (3)   (47   )   120   90   114
Total   $   1,209   $   322   $   1,295   $   403
Total net deferred tax asset   $   887   $   892

(1)   Our deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset
current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when the deferred taxes relate to the same taxable entity and the same taxation authority. Negative amounts reported under Assets are deferred tax liabilities included in a net deferred tax
asset position; negative amounts under Liabilities are deferred tax assets included in a net deferred tax liability position.

(2)   Consists of Insurance contract liabilities and Investment contract liabilities net of Reinsurance assets.

(3)   Includes unused tax credits.

The movement in net deferred tax assets for the years ended December 31, are as follows:

Investments   Policy liabilities (1)   Deferred acquisition costs   Losses available for carry forward   Pension and other employee benefits   Other (2)   Total
As at December 31, 2017   $   (957   )   $   896   $   77   $   549   $   351   $   (24   )   $   892
Charged to statement of operations   195   (170   )   6   107   (26   )   (149   )   (37   )
Charged to other comprehensive income   45   –   –   (13   )   (17   )   9   24
Charged to equity, other than other comprehensive income   –   –   6   –   –   3   9
Foreign exchange rate movements   (29   )   11   7   5   11   (6   )   (1   )
As at December 31, 2018   $   (746   )   $   737   $   96   $   648   $   319   $   (167   )   $   887

(1)   Consists of Insurance contract liabilities and Investment contract liabilities net of Reinsurance assets.

(2)   Includes unused tax credits.

Investments   Policy liabilities (1)   Deferred acquisition costs   Losses available for carry forward   Pension and other employee benefits   Other (2)   Total
As at December 31, 2016   $   (1,064   )   $   517   $   171   $   513   $   410   $   214   $   761
Acquisitions (disposals) through business combinations   –   –   –   –   –   (10   )   (10   )
Charged to statement of operations   132   388   (74   )   43   (66   )   (209   )   214
Charged to other comprehensive income   (73   )   –   –   (9   )   22   (4   )   (64   )
Foreign exchange rate movements   48   (9   )   (20   )   2   (15   )   (15   )   (9   )
As at December 31, 2017   $   (957   )   $   896   $   77   $   549   $   351   $   (24   )   $   892

(1)   Consists of Insurance contract liabilities and Investment contract liabilities net of Reinsurance assets.

(2)   Includes unused tax credits.

We have accumulated
non-capital
 tax losses, primarily in Canada, the Philippines, and the U.K., totaling $3,245 ($2,662 in 2017).
The benefit of these tax losses has been recognized to the extent that it is probable that the benefit will be realized. In addition, in the U.S., we have, net capital losses of $30 ($26 in 2017) for which a deferred tax asset of $6 ($6 in 2017) has
been recognized. Unused tax losses for which a deferred tax asset has not been recognized amount to $702 as of December 31, 2018 ($511 in 2017) primarily in the Philippines and Indonesia. We also have capital losses of $460 in the U.K. ($449 in
2017) and $176 in Canada ($176 in 2017) for which a deferred tax asset of $102 ($100 in 2017) has not been recognized.

156    Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

We will realize the benefit of tax losses carried forward in future years through a reduction in current income taxes
as and when the losses are utilized. These tax losses are subject to examination by various tax authorities and could be reduced as a result of the adjustments to tax returns. Furthermore, legislative, business or other changes may limit our ability
to utilize these losses.

Included in the deferred tax asset related to losses available for carry forward are tax benefits that have been recognized on losses
incurred in either the current or the preceding year. In determining if it is appropriate to recognize these tax benefits, we rely on projections of future taxable profits, and we also consider tax planning opportunities that will create taxable
income in the period in which the unused tax losses can be utilized.

The
non-capital
 losses carried forward in Canada expire
beginning in 2028 and the capital losses can be carried forward indefinitely. The operating and capital losses in the U.K. can be carried forward indefinitely. The
non-capital
 losses in the Philippines can be
carried forward three years, and the
non-capital
 losses in Indonesia can be carried forward five years. Net capital losses in the U.S. expire beginning in 2021.

We recognize a deferred tax liability on all temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, branches, joint ventures and associates unless we are able
to control the timing of the reversal of these differences and it is probable that these differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future. As at December 31, 2018, temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries,
branches, joint ventures and associates for which a deferred tax liability has not been recognized amount to $5,723 ($5,611 in 2017).

20.B Income Tax Expense
(Benefit)

20.B.i
In our Consolidated Statements of Operations, Income tax expense (benefit) for the years ended December 31 has the
following components:

2018   2017
Current income tax expense (benefit):
Current year   $   561   $   445
Adjustments in respect of prior years, including resolution of tax disputes   (1   )   25
Tax rate and other legislative changes   –   46
Total current income tax expense (benefit)   560   516
Deferred income tax expense (benefit):
Origination and reversal of temporary differences   42   (151   )
Tax expense (benefit) arising from unrecognized tax losses   4   –
Adjustments in respect of prior years, including resolution of tax disputes   (9   )   (10   )
Tax rate and other legislative changes   –   (53   )
Total deferred income tax expense (benefit)   37   (214   )
Total income tax expense (benefit)   $   597   $   302

20.B.ii
Income tax benefit (expense) recognized directly in equity for the years ended December 31:

2018   2017
Recognized in other comprehensive income:
Current income tax benefit (expense)   $   (4   )   $   2
Deferred income tax benefit (expense)   24   (64   )
Total recognized in other comprehensive income   20   (62   )
Recognized in equity, other than other comprehensive income:
Deferred income tax benefit (expense)   9   –
Total income tax benefit (expense) recorded in equity, including tax
benefit (expense) recorded in other comprehensive income   $   29   $   (62   )

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018    157

20.B.iii
Our effective income tax rate differs from the combined Canadian federal and provincial
statutory income tax rate as follows:

For the years ended December 31,   2018   2017
%   %
Total net income (loss)   $   2,914   $   2,487
Add: Income tax expense (benefit)   597   302
Total net income (loss) before income taxes   $   3,511   $   2,789
Taxes at the combined Canadian federal and provincial statutory income tax rate   $   939   26.8   $   746   26.8
Increase (decrease) in rate resulting from:
Higher (lower) effective rates on income subject to taxation in foreign jurisdictions   (222   )   (6.3   )   (257   )   (9.2   )
Tax exempt investment income   (131   )   (3.8   )   (213   )   (7.6   )
Tax (benefit) cost of unrecognized tax losses and tax credits   4   0.1   –   –
Tax rate and other legislative changes   –   –   (7   )   (0.3   )
Adjustments in respect of prior years, including resolution of tax disputes   (10   )   (0.3   )   15   0.5
Other   17   0.5   18   0.6
Total tax expense (benefit) and effective income tax rate   $   597   17.0   $   302   10.8

Statutory income tax rates in other jurisdictions in which we conduct business range from 0% to 30%, which creates a tax rate differential
and corresponding tax provision difference compared to the Canadian federal and provincial statutory rate when applied to foreign income not subject to tax in Canada. Generally, higher earnings in jurisdictions with higher statutory tax rates result
in an increase of our tax expense, while earnings arising in tax jurisdictions with statutory rates lower than 26.75% (rounded to 26.8% in the table above) reduce our tax expense. These differences are reported in higher (lower) effective rates on
income subject to taxation in foreign jurisdictions. The benefit reported in 2018 included higher income in jurisdictions with low statutory income tax rates compared to 2017, as well as losses in jurisdictions with high statutory income tax rates.

Tax exempt investment income includes tax rate differences related to various types of investment income that is taxed at rates lower than our statutory income tax
rate, such as dividend income, capital gains arising in Canada, and various others. Fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, changes in market values of real estate properties and other investments have an impact on the amount of these tax rate
differences.

Tax (benefit) cost of unrecognized tax losses/tax credits reflects unrecognized losses in Asia that were recognized in 2018.

U.S. tax reform legislation was signed into law on December 22, 2017 and took effect on January 1, 2018. The legislation includes a reduction to the corporate
tax rate from 35% to 21% for tax years beginning after 2017, and a
one-time
 tax on the deemed repatriation of foreign earnings. Tax rate and other legislative changes in 2017 includes a benefit relating to the
revaluation of our deferred tax balances of $53 and a
one-time
 deemed repatriation charge of $46.

Adjustments in respect of
prior periods, including the resolution of tax disputes relates primarily to tax audit adjustments and the finalization of tax filings in Canada, Asia and the U.S. in 2018, and in Canada and the U.S. in 2017.

Other in 2018 includes a charge of $28 ($26 in 2017) relating to withholding taxes on distributions from our foreign subsidiaries. The charge has been primarily offset by
a benefit of $16 relating to investments in joint ventures in Asia ($16 in 2017), which are accounted for using the equity method.

21. Capital Management

21.A Capital

Our capital base is structured to exceed minimum regulatory and
internal capital targets and maintain strong credit and financial strength ratings while maintaining a capital efficient structure. We strive to achieve an optimal capital structure by balancing the use of debt and equity financing. Capital is
managed both on a consolidated basis under principles that consider all the risks associated with the business as well as at the business group level under the principles appropriate to the jurisdiction in which each operates. We manage the capital
for all of our international subsidiaries on a local statutory basis in a manner commensurate with their individual risk profiles.

The Board of Directors of SLF Inc.
is responsible for the annual review and approval of the Company’s capital plan and capital risk policy. Management oversight of our capital programs and position is provided by the Company’s Executive Risk Committee, the membership of
which includes senior management from the finance, actuarial, and risk management functions.

We engage in a capital planning process annually in which capital
deployment options, fundraising, and dividend recommendations are presented to the Risk & Conduct Review Committee of the Board of Directors. Capital reviews are regularly conducted which consider the potential impacts under various
business, interest rate, and equity market scenarios. Relevant components of these capital reviews, including dividend recommendations, are presented to the Risk & Conduct Review Committee on a quarterly basis. The Board of Directors is
responsible for the approval of the dividend recommendations.

The capital risk policy is designed to ensure that adequate capital is maintained to provide the
flexibility necessary to take advantage of growth opportunities, to support the risks associated with our businesses and to optimize return to our shareholders. This policy is also intended to provide an appropriate level of risk management over
capital adequacy risk, which is defined as the risk that capital is not or will not be sufficient to withstand adverse economic conditions, to maintain financial strength or to allow us and our subsidiaries to support ongoing operations and to take
advantage of opportunities for expansion. SLF Inc. manages its capital in a manner commensurate with its risk profile and control environment.

158    Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Regulated insurance holding companies and
non-operating
 life companies were
subject to the Minimum Continuing Capital and Surplus Requirements (“MCCSR”) capital rules which had been established by OSFI and which were in force as at December 31, 2017.

Effective January 1, 2018, OSFI has replaced MCCSR with LICAT. Results as measured under LICAT are fundamentally different than under MCCSR and are not directly
comparable to MCCSR. The LICAT Guideline sets a Supervisory Target Total Ratio of 100% and a minimum Total Ratio of 90%. The Company has established capital targets in excess of the Supervisory Target Total Ratio. SLF Inc.’s consolidated
capital position was above its internal target and exceeded levels that would require regulatory or corrective action as at December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017.

The Company’s regulated subsidiaries must comply with the capital adequacy requirements imposed in the jurisdictions in which they operate. In certain jurisdictions,
the payment of dividends from our subsidiaries is subject to maintaining capital levels exceeding regulatory targets and/or receiving regulatory approval. We maintained capital levels above minimum local requirements as at December 31, 2018 and
December 31, 2017.

At December 31, 2018, our principal operating life insurance subsidiary in Canada, Sun Life Assurance, is also subject to the LICAT
Guideline. With a LICAT Ratio of 131% as at December 31, 2018, Sun Life Assurance’s LICAT Ratio is above OSFI’s supervisory target ratio of 100% and regulatory minimum ratio of 90%. In the U.S., Sun Life Assurance operates through a
branch which is subject to U.S. regulatory supervision and it exceeded the levels under which regulatory action would be required as at December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017. In the U.S., we use captive reinsurance arrangements to
provide efficient financing of U.S. statutory reserve requirements in excess of those required under IFRS. Under one such arrangement, the funding of these reserve requirements is supported by a guarantee from SLF Inc.

Our capital base consists mainly of common shareholders’ equity, participating policyholders’ equity, preferred shareholders’ equity and certain other
capital securities that qualify as regulatory capital. For regulatory reporting purposes under the LICAT framework, there were further adjustments, including goodwill,
non-life
 investments, and others as was
prescribed by OSFI, to the total capital figure presented in the table below:

As at December 31,   2018   2017
Subordinated debt   $   3,039   $   3,437
Innovative capital instruments (1)   699   699
Equity:
Participating policyholders’ equity   864   650
Preferred shareholders’ equity   2,257   2,257
Common shareholders’ equity   21,449   20,064
Total capital   $   28,308   $   27,107

(1)   Innovative capital instruments are SLEECS issued by the SL Capital Trusts (Note 13). The SL Capital Trusts are not
consolidated by us.

21.B Participating Account Seed Capital

In the first quarter of 2018, with OSFI’s approval, seed capital, together with interest earned since demutualization, was transferred from the participating account
to the shareholder account. The transfer of seed capital is recorded on our Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity as a Transfer from participating policyholders’ equity totaling $89, comprised of $50 in SLF Canada and $39 (US$30) in SLF
U.S. The transfer of interest on seed capital is included as a reduction in Participating policyholders’ net income (loss) and an increase in Shareholders’ net income (loss) totaling $110, on a
pre-

and
post-tax
 basis, comprised of $75 in SLF Canada and $35 (US$28) in SLF U.S. At the time of demutualization, OSFI required shareholders to transfer seed capital into the participating account to support
participating insurance policies sold after demutualization. It was anticipated that over time the seed capital would no longer be needed and that the seed capital and accumulated interest would be returned to the shareholders, subject to
OSFI’s approval. The transfer has no impact on regulatory capital requirements, and will have no adverse impact on the policy dividends or security of benefits of participating policyholders.

22. Segregated Funds

We have segregated fund products, including variable annuities, unit-linked products and universal life insurance policies, in Canada, the U.S., the U.K., and Asia.
Under these contracts, the benefit amount is contractually linked to the fair value of the investments in the particular segregated fund. Policyholders can select from a variety of categories of segregated fund investments. Although the underlying
assets are registered in our name and the segregated fund contract holder has no direct access to the specific assets, the contractual arrangements are such that the segregated fund policyholder bears the risk and rewards of the funds’
investment performance. Therefore, net realized gains and losses, other net investment income earned, and expenses incurred on the segregated funds are attributable to policyholders and not to us. However, certain contracts include guarantees from
us. We are exposed to equity market risk and interest rate risk as a result of these guarantees. Further details on these guarantees and our risk management activities related to these guarantees are included in the Risk Management section of the
MD&A.

We derive fee income from segregated funds. Market value movements in the investments held for segregated fund holders impact the management fees earned on
these funds.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018    159

The segregated fund types offered, by percentage of total investments for account of segregated fund holders, were
within the following ranges as at December 31, 2018 and 2017:

Type of fund   %
Money market   1 to 5
Fixed income   10 to 15
Balanced   40 to 45
Equity   40 to 45

Money market funds include investments that have a term to maturity of less than one year. Fixed income funds are funds that invest
primarily in investment grade fixed income securities and where less than 25% can be invested in diversified equities or high-yield bonds. Balanced funds are a combination of fixed income securities with a larger equity component. The fixed income
component is greater than 25% of the portfolio. Equity consists primarily of broad-based diversified funds that invest in a well-diversified mix of Canadian, U.S. or global equities. Other funds in this category include low volatility funds,
intermediate volatility funds, and high volatility funds.

22.A Investments for Account of Segregated Fund Holders

The carrying value of investments held for segregated fund holders are as follows:

As at December 31,   2018   2017
Segregated and mutual fund units   $   89,049   $   91,637
Equity securities   9,771   10,799
Debt securities   3,448   3,517
Cash, cash equivalents and short-term securities   711   457
Investment properties   400   374
Mortgages   23   20
Other assets   156   147
Total assets   $   103,558   $   106,951
Less: Liabilities arising from investing activities   $   496   $   559
Total investments for account of segregated fund holders   $   103,062   $   106,392

22.B Changes in Insurance Contracts and Investment Contracts for Account of Segregated Fund Holders

Changes in insurance contracts and investment contracts for account of segregated fund holders are as follows:

Insurance contracts   Investment contracts
For the years ended December 31,   2018   2017   2018   2017
Balance as at January 1   $   99,121   $   90,388   $   7,271   $   6,779
Additions to segregated funds:
Deposits   11,468   10,772   85   86
Net transfer (to) from general funds   (308   )   (119   )   –   –
Net realized and unrealized gains (losses)   (7,123   )   4,141   (658   )   883
Other investment income   4,576   4,853   178   152
Total additions   $   8,613   $   19,647   $   (395   )   $   1,121
Deductions from segregated funds:
Payments to policyholders and their beneficiaries   10,224   9,439   614   643
Management fees   1,004   963   57   57
Taxes and other expenses   256   267   –   12
Foreign exchange rate movements   (413   )   245   (194   )   (83   )
Total deductions   $   11,071   $   10,914   $   477   $   629
Net additions (deductions)   $   (2,458   )   $   8,733   $   (872   )   $   492
Acquisitions   $   –   $   –   $   –   $   –
Balance as at December 31   $   96,663   $   99,121   $   6,399   $   7,271

160    Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

23. Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies

23.A Lease Commitments

We lease offices and certain equipment. These are
operating leases with rents charged to operations in the year to which they relate. Total future rental payments for the remainder of these leases total $1,056. The future rental payments by year of payment are included in the MD&A as described
in Note 6.

23.B Contractual Commitments

In the normal course of
business, various contractual commitments are outstanding, which are not reflected in our Consolidated Financial Statements. In addition to loan commitments for debt securities and mortgages included in Note 6.A.i, we have equity, investment
property, and property and equipment commitments. As at December 31, 2018, we had a total of $3,800 of contractual commitments outstanding. The expected maturities of these commitments are included in the MD&A as described in Note 6.

23.C Letters of Credit

We issue commercial letters of credit in the normal
course of business. As at December 31, 2018, we had credit facilities of $891 available for the issuance of letters of credit ($835 as at December 31, 2017), from which a total of $227 in letters of credit were outstanding ($203 as at
December 31, 2017).

23.D Indemnities and Guarantees

In the normal
course of our business, we have entered into agreements that include indemnities in favour of third parties, such as confidentiality agreements, engagement letters with advisors and consultants, outsourcing agreements, leasing contracts, trade-mark
licensing agreements, underwriting and agency agreements, information technology agreements, distribution agreements, financing agreements, the sale of equity interests, and service agreements. These agreements may require us to compensate the
counterparties for damages, losses or costs incurred by the counterparties as a result of breaches in representation, changes in regulations (including tax matters), or as a result of litigation claims or statutory sanctions that may be suffered by
the counterparty as a consequence of the transaction. We have also agreed to indemnify our directors and certain of our officers and employees in accordance with our
by-laws.
 These indemnification provisions
will vary based upon the nature and terms of the agreements. In many cases, these indemnification provisions do not contain limits on our liability, and the occurrence of contingent events that will trigger payment under these indemnities is
difficult to predict. As a result, we cannot estimate our potential liability under these indemnities. We believe that the likelihood of conditions arising that would trigger these indemnities is remote and, historically, we have not made any
significant payment under such indemnification provisions. In certain cases, we have recourse against third parties with respect to the aforesaid indemnities, and we also maintain insurance policies that may provide coverage against certain of these
claims.

In the normal course of our business, we have entered into purchase and sale agreements that include indemnities in favour of third parties. These agreements
may require us to compensate the counterparties for damages, losses, or costs incurred by the counterparties as a result of breaches in representation. As at December 31, 2018, we are not aware of any breaches in representations that would
result in any payment required under these indemnities that would have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.

Guarantees made by us that can be
quantified are included in Note 6.A.i.

23.E Guarantees of Sun Life Assurance Preferred Shares and Subordinated Debentures

SLF Inc. has provided a guarantee on the $150 of 6.30% subordinated debentures due 2028 issued by Sun Life Assurance. Claims under this guarantee will rank equally with
all other subordinated indebtedness of SLF Inc. SLF Inc. has also provided a subordinated guarantee of the preferred shares issued by Sun Life Assurance from time to time, other than such preferred shares which are held by SLF Inc. and its
affiliates. Sun Life Assurance has no outstanding preferred shares subject to the guarantee. As a result of these guarantees, Sun Life Assurance is entitled to rely on exemptive relief from most continuous disclosure and the certification
requirements of Canadian securities laws.

The following tables set forth certain consolidating summary financial information for SLF Inc. and Sun Life Assurance
(consolidated):

Results for the years ended   SLF Inc. (unconsolidated)   Sun Life Assurance (consolidated)   Other subsidiaries of SLF Inc. (combined)   Consolidation adjustment   SLF Inc. (consolidated)
December 31, 2018
Revenue   $   361   $   22,619   $   4,453   $   (436)   $   26,997
Shareholders’ net income (loss)   $   2,616   $   2,036   $   382   $   (2,418)   $   2,616
December 31, 2017
Revenue   $   441   $   23,421   $   7,022   $   (1,550)   $   29,334
Shareholders’ net income (loss)   $   2,242   $   1,577   $   427   $   (2,004)   $   2,242

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018    161

Assets and liabilities as at   SLF Inc. (unconsolidated)   Sun Life Assurance (consolidated)   Other subsidiaries of SLF Inc. (combined)   Consolidation adjustment   SLF Inc. (consolidated)
December 31, 2018
Invested assets   $   24,255   $   143,040   $   6,991   $   (22,560   )   $   151,726
Total other general fund assets   $   4,088   $   21,958   $   10,389   $   (19,396   )   $   17,039
Investments for account of segregated fund holders   $   –   $   103,014   $   48   $   –   $   103,062
Insurance contract liabilities   $   –   $   122,066   $   8,534   $   (8,677   )   $   121,923
Investment contract liabilities   $   –   $   3,164   $   –   $   –   $   3,164
Total other general fund liabilities   $   4,636   $   21,801   $   5,972   $   (13,301   )   $   19,108
December 31, 2017
Invested assets   $   23,382   $   138,145   $   6,531   $   (21,919   )   $   146,139
Total other general fund assets   $   7,530   $   21,437   $   17,152   $   (29,538   )   $   16,581
Investments for account of segregated fund holders   $   –   $   106,341   $   51   $   –   $   106,392
Insurance contract liabilities   $   –   $   118,003   $   8,234   $   (8,452   )   $   117,785
Investment contract liabilities   $   –   $   3,082   $   –   $   –   $   3,082
Total other general fund liabilities   $   8,591   $   21,558   $   12,822   $   (24,089   )   $   18,882

23.F Legal and Regulatory Proceedings

We are
regularly involved in legal actions, both as a defendant and as a plaintiff. Legal actions naming us as a defendant ordinarily involve our activities as a provider of insurance protection and wealth management products, as an investor and investment
advisor, and as an employer. In addition, government and regulatory bodies in Canada, the U.S., the U.K., and Asia, including federal, provincial, and state securities and insurance regulators and government authorities, from time to time, make
inquiries and require the production of information or conduct examinations or investigations concerning our compliance with insurance, securities, and other laws.

Provisions for legal proceedings related to insurance contracts, such as for disability and life insurance claims and the cost of litigation, are included in Insurance
contract liabilities in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. Other provisions are established outside of the Insurance contract liabilities if, in the opinion of management, it is both probable that a payment will be required and a
reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. Management reviews the status of all proceedings on an ongoing basis and exercises judgment in resolving them in such manner as management believes to be in our best interest.

Two class action lawsuits have been filed against Sun Life Assurance in connection with sales practices relating to, and the administration of, individual policies issued
by the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company (“MLIC”). These policies were assumed by Clarica when Clarica acquired the bulk of MLIC’s Canadian operations in 1998 and subsequently assumed by Sun Life Assurance as a result of its
amalgamation with Clarica. One of the lawsuits (
Fehr et al v Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada
) is issued in Ontario and the other (
Alamwala v Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada
) is in British Columbia. In the
Fehr
action,
the motions judge dismissed the plaintiff’s motion for certification in its entirety by way of a
two-part
 decision released on November 12, 2015 and December 7, 2016. The plaintiffs appealed
and, in a decision released on September 5, 2018, the Ontario Court of Appeal overturned part of the lower court’s decision and certified three alleged breach of contract claims related to the policies. Sun Life Assurance has sought leave
to appeal this decision to the Supreme Court of Canada. The other action (
Alamwala v Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada
) has remained largely dormant since it was commenced in 2011 and has not been certified. We will continue to vigorously
defend against the claims in these actions. In connection with the acquisition of the Canadian operations of MLIC, MLIC agreed to indemnify Clarica for certain losses, including those incurred relating to the sales of its policies. Should either of
the
Fehr
or the
Alamwala
lawsuits result in a loss, Sun Life Assurance will seek recourse against MLIC under that indemnity through arbitration.

Management does not believe that the probable conclusion of any current legal or regulatory matter, either individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse
effect on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position or results of operations of the Company.

24. Related Party Transactions

SLF Inc. and its subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates transact business worldwide. All transactions between SLF Inc. and its subsidiaries have been eliminated on
consolidation. Transactions with joint ventures and associates, which are also related parties, are disclosed in Note 16. Transactions between the Company and related parties are executed and priced on an

arm’s-length
 basis in a manner similar to transactions with third parties.

162    Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

24.A Transactions with Key Management Personnel, Remuneration and Other Compensation

Key management personnel refers to the executive team and Board of Directors of SLF Inc. These individuals have the authority and responsibility for planning, directing,
and controlling the activities of the Company. The aggregate compensation to the executive team and directors are as follows:

For the years ended December 31,   2018   2017
Executive team   Directors   Executive team   Directors
Number of individuals   12   10   11   10
Base salary and annual incentive compensation   $   18   $   –   $   18   $   –
Additional short-term benefits and other   $   3   $   1   $   1   $   1
Share-based long-term incentive compensation   $   24   $   2   $   18   $   2
Value of pension and post-retirement benefits   $   2   $   –   $   3   $   –

24.B Other Related Party Transactions

We
provide investment management services for our pension plans. The services are provided on substantially the same terms as for comparable transactions with third parties. We also hold units of investment funds managed by certain of our joint
ventures. The carrying amount of our investment in these funds is included in Note 16.D.

25. Pension Plans and Other Post-Retirement Benefits

We sponsor defined benefit pension plans and defined contribution plans for eligible employees. All of our material defined benefit plans worldwide are closed to new
entrants with new hires participating in defined contribution plans. Material defined benefit plans are located in Canada, the U.S., and the U.K. The defined benefit pension plans offer benefits based on length of service and final average earnings
and certain plans offer some indexation of benefits. The specific features of these plans vary in accordance with the employee group and countries in which employees are located. In addition, we maintain supplementary

non-contributory
 defined benefit pension arrangements for eligible employees, which are primarily for benefits which are in excess of local tax limits. As at December 31, 2014, there are no active members
in the U.K. and the U.S. defined benefit plans continuing to accrue future service benefits. On January 1, 2009, the Canadian defined benefit plans were closed to new employees. Canadian employees hired before January 1, 2009 continue to
earn future service benefits in the previous plans, which includes both defined benefit and defined contribution components, while new hires since then are eligible to join a defined contribution plan. In addition, one small defined benefit plan in
the Philippines remains open to new hires.

Our funding policy for defined benefit pension plans is to make at least the minimum annual contributions required by
regulations in the countries in which the plans are offered. Our U.K. defined benefit pension scheme is governed by pension trustees. In other countries in which we operate, the defined benefit pension arrangements are governed by local pension
committees. Significant plan changes require the approval of the Board of Directors of the sponsoring subsidiary of SLF Inc.

We also established defined contribution
plans for eligible employees. Our contributions to these defined contribution pension plans may be subject to certain vesting requirements. Generally, our contributions are a set percentage of employees’ annual income and may be a set
percentage of employee contributions, up to specified levels.

In addition to our pension plans, in Canada and the U.S., we provide certain post-retirement health
care and life insurance benefits to eligible employees and to their dependents upon meeting certain requirements. Eligible retirees may be required to pay a portion of the premiums for these benefits and, in general, deductible amounts and
co-insurance
 percentages apply to benefit payments. These post- retirement benefits are not
pre-funded.
 In Canada, certain post-retirement health care and life insurance
benefits are provided for eligible employees who retired before December 31, 2015. Eligible employees in Canada who retire after December 31, 2015 will have access to voluntary retiree-paid health care coverage. In the U.S., certain
post-retirement health care and life insurance benefits are provided to eligible retirees. In the U.S., employees who were not age 50 with 10 years of service as of December 31, 2015 only have access to subsidized retiree health care coverage
until eligible for Medicare. Eligible existing and future retirees and covered dependents eligible for Medicare receive an annual contribution to a health reimbursement account to be applied against individual coverage and other eligible expenses.

25.A Risks Associated with Employee Defined Benefit Plans

With the
closure of the material defined benefit pension and retiree benefit plans to new entrants, the volatility associated with future service accruals for active members has been limited and will decline over time.

The major risks remaining in relation to past service obligations are increases in liabilities due to a decline in discount rates, greater life expectancy than assumed
and adverse asset returns. We have significantly
de-risked
 the investments of our material defined benefit pension plans Company-wide by shifting the pension asset mix away from equities and into more fixed
income and liability-matching investments. In 2018, the risk in our U.K. pension plan was reduced through a
buy-in
 insurance contract protecting the majority of pensioner benefits. The target for our material
funded defined benefit plans is to minimize volatility in funded status arising from changes in discount rates and exposure to equity markets.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018    163

25.B Defined Benefit Pension and Other Post-Retirement Benefit Plans

The following tables set forth the status of the defined benefit pension and other post-retirement benefit plans:

2018   2017
Pension   Other post- retirement   Total   Pension   Other post- retirement   Total
Change in defined benefit obligations:
Defined benefit obligation, January 1   $   3,661   $   268   $   3,929   $   3,545   $   262   $   3,807
Current service cost   54   5   59   47   3   50
Interest cost   118   9   127   122   10   132
Actuarial losses (gains)   (253   )   (11   )   (264   )   209   9   218
Benefits paid   (180   )   (15   )   (195   )   (159   )   (11   )   (170   )
Settlement losses (gains) (1)   –   –   –   (86   )   –   (86   )
Plan amendments   (1   )   –   (1   )   (2   )   –   (2   )
Foreign exchange rate movement   59   6   65   (15   )   (5   )   (20   )
Defined benefit obligation, December 31   $   3,458   $   262   $   3,720   $   3,661   $   268   $   3,929
Change in plan assets:
Fair value of plan assets, January 1   $   3,301   $   –   $   3,301   $   3,243   $   –   $   3,243
Administrative expense   (1   )   –   (1   )   –   –   –
Interest income on plan assets   105   –   105   110   –   110
Return on plan assets (excluding amounts included in net interest expense)   (156   )   –   (156   )   116   –   116
Employer contributions   127   15   142   80   11   91
Benefits paid   (180   )   (15   )   (195   )   (159   )   (11   )   (170   )
Settlement losses (gains) (1)   –   –   –   (80   )   –   (80   )
Foreign exchange rate movement   57   –   57   (9   )   –   (9   )
Fair value of plan assets, December 31   $   3,253   $   –   $   3,253   $   3,301   $   –   $   3,301
Amounts recognized on Statement of Financial Position:
Fair value of plan assets   $   3,253   $   –   $   3,253   $   3,301   $   –   $   3,301
Defined benefit (obligation)   (3,458   )   (262   )   (3,720   )   (3,661   )   (268   )   (3,929   )
Net recognized (liability) asset, December 31   $   (205   )   $   (262   )   $   (467   )   $   (360   )   $   (268   )   $   (628   )
Components of net benefit expense recognized:
Current service cost   $   54   $   5   $   59   $   47   $   3   $   50
Administrative expense   1   –   1   –   –   –
Net interest expense (income)   13   9   22   12   10   22
Settlement losses (gains) (1)   –   –   –   (6   )   –   (6   )
Plan amendments   (1   )   –   (1   )   (2   )   –   (2   )
Other long-term employee benefit losses (gains)   –   (3   )   (3   )   –   4   4
Net benefit expense   $   67   $   11   $   78   $   51   $   17   $   68
Remeasurement of net recognized (liability) asset:
Return on plan assets (excluding amounts included in net interest expense)   $   (156   )   $   –   $   (156   )   $   116   $   –   $   116
Actuarial gains (losses) arising from changes in demographic assumptions   7   (2   )   5   2   1   3
Actuarial gains (losses) arising from changes in financial assumptions   241   8   249   (161   )   (11   )   (172   )
Actuarial gains (losses) arising from experience adjustments   5   2   7   (50   )   5   (45   )
Foreign exchange rate movement   (2   )   (2   )   (4   )   6   1   7
Components of defined benefit costs recognized in Other comprehensive
income (loss)   $   95   $   6   $   101   $   (87   )   $   (4   )   $   (91   )

(1)   In 2017, the Company terminated and completely settled the defined benefit pension plan of a U.S. subsidiary within the
SLF Asset Management segment.

164    Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

25.C Principal Assumptions for Significant Plans

2018   2017
Canada %   U.K. %   U.S. %   Canada %   U.K. %   U.S. %
To determine defined benefit obligation at end of year:
Discount rate for pension plans   3.60   2.85   4.40   3.40   2.30   3.70
Rate of compensation increase   3.00   n/a   n/a   3.10   n/a   n/a
Pension increases   0.00-0.15   3.15   n/a   0.00-0.15   3.50   n/a
To determine net benefit expense for year:
Discount rate for pension plans   3.40   2.30   3.70   3.70   2.55   4.25
Rate of compensation increase   3.10   n/a   n/a   3.00   n/a   n/a
Pension increases   0.00-0.15   3.50   n/a   0.00-0.15   3.55   n/a
Health care trend rates:
Initial health care trend rate   5.42   n/a   6.50   5.47   n/a   6.50
Ultimate health care trend rate   4.50   n/a   5.00   4.50   n/a   5.00
Year ultimate health care trend rate reached   2030   n/a   2023   2030   n/a   2023

2018   2017
Canada   U.K.   U.S.   Canada   U.K.   U.S.
Mortality rates:
Life expectancy (in years) for individuals currently at age 65:
Male   23   24   23   22   24   23
Female   25   25   24   25   26   24
Life expectancy (in years) at 65 for individuals currently at age 45:
Male   24   25   24   24   26   24
Female   26   28   26   25   29   26
Average duration (in years) of pension obligation   17.3   16.9   12.2   17.1   19.0   13.3

Discount Rate, Rate of Compensation Increase and Health Care Cost

The major economic assumptions which are used in determining the actuarial present value of the accrued benefit obligations vary by country.

The discount rate assumption used for material plans is determined by reference to the market yields, as of December 31, of high- quality corporate bonds that have
terms to maturity approximating the terms of the related obligation. In countries where a deep corporate market does not exist, government bonds are used. Compensation and health care trend assumptions are based on expected long-term trend
assumptions which may differ from actual results.

25.D Sensitivity of Key Assumptions

The following table provides the potential impact of changes in key assumptions on the defined benefit obligation for pension and other post-retirement benefit plans as
at December 31, 2018. These sensitivities are hypothetical and should be used with caution. The impact of changes in each key assumption may result in greater than proportional changes in sensitivities.

Pension   Post-retirement benefits
Interest/discount rate sensitivity (1) :
1% decrease   $   644   $   33
1% increase   $   (500   )   $   (28   )
Rate of compensation increase assumption:
1% decrease   $   (75   )   n/a
1% increase   $   78   n/a
Health care trend rate assumption:
1% decrease   n/a   $   (13   )
1% increase   n/a   $   15
Mortality rates (2) :
10% decrease   $   89   $   6

(1)   Represents a parallel shift in interest rates across the entire yield curve, resulting in a change in the discount rate
assumption.

(2)   Represents 10% decrease in mortality rates at each age.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018    165

25.E Fair Value of Plan Assets

Composition of fair value of plan assets, December 31:

2018   2017
Equity investments   3   %   3   %
Fixed income investments   76   %   86   %
Real estate investments   8   %   7   %
Qualifying insurance contract   9   %   –
Other   4   %   4   %
Total composition of fair value of plan assets   100   %   100   %

The fair value of our equity investments in 2018 and 2017 are consistent with Level 1 or Level 2 fair value hierarchy. In 2018,
2% of our fixed income investments (2% in 2017) are determined based on valuation techniques consistent with Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.

The assets of
the defined benefit pension plans are primarily held in trust for plan members, and are managed within the provisions of each plan’s investment policies and procedures. Diversification of the investments is used to limit credit, market, and
foreign currency risks. We have significantly
de-risked
 the investments of our material defined benefit pension plans by shifting the pension asset mix away from equities and into more fixed income and
liability-matching investments. In 2018, the risk in our U.K. pension plan was reduced through a
buy-in
 insurance contract, protecting the majority of pensioner benefits. The long-term investment objectives of
the defined benefit pension plans are to equal or exceed the rate of growth of the liabilities. Over shorter periods, the objective of the defined benefit pension plan investment strategy is to minimize volatility in the funded status. Liquidity is
managed with consideration to the cash flow requirements of the liabilities.

25.F Future Cash Flows

The following tables set forth the expected contributions and expected future benefit payments of the defined benefit pension and other post-retirement benefit plans:

Pension   Post-retirement   Total
Expected contributions for the next 12 months   $   118   $   16   $   134

Expected Future Benefit Payments

2019   2020   2021   2022   2023   2024 to 2028
Pension   $   160   $   168   $   175   $   183   $   190   $       1,022
Post-retirement   16   16   16   17   17   92
Total   $   176   $   184   $   191   $   200   $   207   $    1,114

25.G Defined Contribution Plans

We expensed
$120 in 2018 ($109 for 2017) with respect to defined contribution plans.

26. Earnings (Loss) Per Share

Details of the calculation of the net income (loss) and the weighted average number of shares used in the earnings per share computations are as follows:

For the years ended December 31,   2018   2017
Common shareholders’ net income (loss) for basic earnings per share   $   2,522   $   2,149
Add: increase in income due to convertible instruments (1)   10   10
Common shareholders’ net income (loss) on a diluted
basis   $   2,532   $   2,159
Weighted average number of common shares outstanding for basic earnings per share (in millions)   606   613
Add: dilutive impact of stock options (2) (in
millions)   1   1
Add: dilutive impact of convertible instruments (1) (in millions)   4   4
Weighted average number of common shares outstanding on a diluted
basis (in millions)   611   618
Basic earnings (loss) per share   $   4.16   $   3.51
Diluted earnings (loss) per share   $   4.14   $   3.49

(1)   The convertible instruments are the SLEECS B issued by Sun Life Capital Trust.

(2)   Excludes the impact of 1 million stock options for the year ended December 31, 2018 (nil for the year ended
December 31, 2017) because these stock options were antidilutive for the period.

166    Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

27. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)

Changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes, are as follows:

2018   2017
For the years ended December 31,   Balance, beginning of period   Other comprehensive income (loss)   Balance, end of period   Balance, beginning of period   Other comprehensive income (loss)   Other   Balance, end of period
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to income:
Unrealized foreign currency translation gains (losses), net of hedging activities   $   1,012   $   911   $   1,923   $   1,749   $   (737   )   $   –   $   1,012
Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale assets   346   (402   )   (56   )   211   135   –   346
Unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges   (11   )   (10   )   (21   )   (6   )   (5   )   –   (11   )
Share of other comprehensive income (loss) in joint ventures and associates   (31   )   7   (24   )   –   (31   )   –   (31   )
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to income:
Remeasurement of defined benefit plans   (347   )   84   (263   )   (291   )   (69   )   13   (1)   (347   )
Revaluation surplus on transfers to investment properties   145   –   145   6   139   –   145
Total   $   1,114   $   590   $   1,704   $   1,669   $   (568   )   $   13   $   1,114
Total attributable to:
Participating policyholders   $   9   $   5   $   14   $   16   $   (7   )   $   –   $   9
Shareholders   1,105   585   1,690   1,653   (561   )   13   1,105
Total   $   1,114   $   590   $   1,704   $   1,669   $   (568   )   $   13   $   1,114

(1)   During 2017, the Company transferred cumulative remeasurement losses of $13 from accumulated other comprehensive income
(loss) to retained earnings as a result of the termination and complete settlement of the defined benefit pension plan of a U.S. subsidiary within the SLF Asset Management segment.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   Sun Life Financial Inc.    Annual Report 2018    167
