                        MARKET RELEASE


                                                           Appendix 4E and FY26 Annual Report

                        WELLINGTON, 14 May 2026 — Xero Limited (ASX: XRO), in accordance with the ASX Listing
                        Rules, attaches its Appendix 4E and FY26 Annual Report.




                        Authorised for release to the ASX by the Chair of the Board & Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee




For personal use only
                        Contacts

                        Simon Fitzgerald — Communications                                    Nicole Mehalski - Investor Relations​
                        Mobile: +61 460 294 680                                              Mobile: +61 400 947 145​
                        simon.fitzgerald@xero.com                                            nicole.mehalski@xero.com



                        About Xero
                        Xero is a global small business platform that helps customers supercharge their business by bringing
                        together the most important small business tools, including accounting, payroll and payments — on
                        one platform. Xero’s powerful platform helps customers automate routine tasks, get timely insights,
                        and connects them with their data, their apps, and their accountant or bookkeeper so they can focus
                        on what really matters. Trusted by millions of small businesses and accountants and bookkeepers
                        globally, Xero makes life better for people in small business, their advisors, and communities around
                        the world. For further information, please visit xero.com.




                        Xero Limited (XRO)            ​ Registered Address           ​        www.xero.com
                        NZ Company no. 1830488        ​ 19-23 Taranaki St                ​
                        ARBN 160 661 183             ​ Te Aro       ​            ​
                                                 ​      Wellington 6011
                                                        New Zealand          ​                ​       ​       ​       ​       ​      ​   1
                        APPENDIX 4E

                        14 May 2026



                        Xero Limited
                        ARBN 160 661 183 (incorporated in New Zealand)




For personal use only
                         Reporting period                                                                                       12 months to 31 March 2026

                         Previous reporting period                                                                              12 months to 31 March 2025



                        Results for announcement to the market

                                                                                                             AMOUNT (000S)                           CHANGE

                         Revenues from ordinary activities                                                  NZ$2,753,081                             Up 31%

                         Net profit from ordinary activities                                                 NZ$167,420                           down 27%

                         Net profit attributable to security holders                                         NZ$167,420                           down 27%



                        The Company does not propose to pay a dividend, and no dividends were declared or paid for the reporting period.

                        Net tangible assets per share were NZ($3.02) per share at 31 March 2026 (31 March 2025: NZ$6.62 per share). The decrease is
                        largely attributed to the completion of the Melio transaction, which resulted in Xero moving from a net cash position to a net debt
                        position. As a software business, Xero has limited tangible assets associated with its operations. Outside of cash balances, the
                        majority of our assets are intangible (eg, software assets). Therefore the acquisition of Melio resulted in the transfer of tangible
                        cash assets to intangible assets, which resulted in this outcome.

                        For additional Appendix 4E disclosure requirements, refer to Xero Limited’s 2026 Annual Report, which contains the 2026
                        consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes.

                        This report is based on the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2026, which have been audited by Ernst
                        & Young.

                        Authorised for release to the ASX by the Chair of the Board and the Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee.




                        Xero Limited (XRO)                             Registered Address                              www.xero.com
                        NZ Company no. 1830488                         19-23 Taranaki St
                        ARBN 160 661 183                               Te Aro
                                                                       Wellington 6011
                Xero Limited
                Annual Report 2026




For personal use only
                Xero Limited




                                     xero.com
                        2 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                                 Contents


For personal use only
                                 1. ABOUT THIS REPORT
                                 2. ABOUT XERO
                                 3. FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
                                 4. CHAIR’S REVIEW
                                 5. CEO’S REVIEW
                                 6. STRATEGY IN ACTION
                                 7. KEY RISKS
                                 8. GOVERNANCE
                                 9. OUR PERFORMANCE
                                 10. INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
                                 11. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 12. DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES STATEMENT
                                 13. DISCLOSURES
                                 14. REMUNERATION REPORT
                                 15. CORPORATE DIRECTORY
                        REFLECTIONS   GOVERNANCE   FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES   3




For personal use only
                        4 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                About this
                report



For personal use only
                           Xero’s Annual Report for the Financial Year 2026 (FY26) outlines how Xero executed
                           its strategy and provides an update on our financial performance and governance.
                           We have published a separate Sustainability Report, which addresses our
                           commitment to reporting our social and environmental impact, and enriching our
                           organisational culture.


                           REPORTING SUITE                                                 To download a copy of this report, please visit
                                                                                           www.xero.com/investors
                           Xero’s FY26 Annual Report should be read in conjunction
                           with the other materials that comprise our FY26 annual
                           reporting suite:                                              COMPANY AND REPORTING INFORMATION
                            • FY26 Investor Presentation at: www.xero.com/investors      Xero is listed on the Australian Securities Exchange
                                                                                         (ASX) and is a New Zealand incorporated and domiciled
                            • Xero’s FY26 Sustainability Report at: www.xero.com/
                                                                                         company. Xero’s Annual Report is primarily governed by
                              investors
                                                                                         the Companies Act 1993 (New Zealand). While the ASX
                            • Xero’s FY26 Corporate Governance Statement at:             Listing Rules apply to Xero, certain provisions of the
                              www.xero.com/investors/governance                          Australian Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) do not.

                            • Xero’s FY26 Databook, summarising progress on a range      The Remuneration Report included within this
                              of financial, environmental, social and governance         report is not intended to fully replicate the statutory
                              metrics, can be found at: www.xero.com/sustainability/     disclosure requirements of an Australian company,
                              approach-and-performance/                                  as these requirements do not apply to Xero. However,
                                                                                         the information provided goes beyond New Zealand
                           Throughout this report, we have linked other websites and
                                                                                         requirements to provide greater transparency and insight
                           documents that may be useful, including the following
                                                                                         into our remuneration practices.
                           materials:
                                                                                         The climate-related financial disclosures included
                            • Governance and leadership at: www.xero.com/
                                                                                         within the Sustainability Report are not intended to fully
                              investors/governance, where full copies of the following
                                                                                         replicate the disclosure requirements of any specific
                              can be found:
                                                                                         jurisdiction in which Xero operates, as none of these apply
                               › Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement          to Xero Limited as a New Zealand domiciled company with
                               › Board and Committee charters                            global operations. The climate-related financial disclosure
                                                                                         requirements outlined in the Australian Accounting
                               › Key governance policies
                                                                                         Standards Board (AASB) S2 Climate-related Disclosures
                               › Full biographies for the Board of Directors and         do apply to Xero Limited’s Australian entity, Xero Australia
                                 Executive Leadership Team                               Pty Limited (Xero Australia). The FY26 Xero Australia
                            • Information about our sustainability activities and        Sustainability Report will be lodged with the Australian
                              performance at: www.xero.com/sustainability                Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) by 31 July
                                                                                         2026 as part of the FY26 Xero Australia Financial Report.
                           Such websites and documents do not form part of this
                           report or the FY26 annual reporting suite.
                                                                      REFLECTIONS     GOVERNANCE         FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES     5




For personal use only
                                                                         This report covers the activities of Xero Limited and its
                                                                         subsidiaries’ (Xero or Xero Group) global operations.
                                                                         Except where otherwise specified, statements should be
                                                                         read as pertaining to the activities of the Xero Group.

                                                                         Some parts of this report include information regarding
                                                                         Xero’s plans and strategy, and include forward-looking
                                                                         statements, opinions, estimates and indications of, and
                                                                         guidance on, future earnings and financial information
                                                                         and performance about Xero and the environment in
                                                                         which it operates that involve known and unknown
                                                                         risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are
                                                                         beyond the control of Xero. Actual results, outcomes and
                                                                         developments, and the timing of certain events may differ
                                                                         materially from future results expressed or implied by
                                                                         the forward-looking statements contained in this report.
                                                                         Any forward-looking statements are provided as a general
                                                                         guide only and are not guarantees or predictions of future
                                                                         performance or statements of fact.

                                                                         Forward-looking statements provided in this report are
                                                                         based on assumptions and contingencies, including
                                                                         those set out in this report. Other factors which may
                                                                         affect Xero’s outcomes and developments also include:
                                                                         general economic conditions in the markets in which
                                                                         Xero operates; competition in the markets in which Xero
                                                                         operates; the continuing growth in the markets in which
                                                                         Xero operates; the implications of regulatory risks in the
                                                                         businesses of Xero; technological changes taking place
                                                                         in Xero’s industry; future changes to Xero’s products and
                                                                         services; the risk of cyber and data security issues; and
                                                                         the geopolitical environment and exchange rates.

                                                                         To the maximum extent permitted by law, Xero makes
                                                                         no representation, assurance or guarantee in connection
                                                                         with, and disclaims all responsibility for, the accuracy,
                                                                         completeness or likelihood of fulfilment of any forward-
                                                                         looking statement or any outcome expressed or implied
                                                                         in any forward-looking statement or any assumptions on
                                                                         which a forward-looking statement is based.




                                                                         The images in this report were created using generative AI
                                                                         unless stated otherwise.

                        Xero customer James Harris, Harris Horology
                        6 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                About Xero
                Xero is a global small business platform and a trusted financial
                operating system for the AI era. By unifying core financial
                operations (including accounting, payroll and payments) and
                a robust ecosystem into autonomous workflows, we empower
                millions of customers to move from managing records to taking
                informed action to help them deliver outcomes and thrive.

                Our platform is designed to make life better for people in small




For personal use only
                business, their advisors and communities around the world.
                Xero’s AI-powered tools streamline business administration by
                automating routine tasks, delivering valuable insights, and bringing
                together trusted data, expert advisors and powerful integrations,
                in one intuitive platform. Our ecosystem of connected apps and
                connections to banks and other financial institutions can be
                integrated with Xero, making it easy for customers to complete
                other essential tasks. We also connect to various government                                    Xero customer Krista Huebner, Basil Bangs
                agencies worldwide to help customers file payroll reports and
                complete, submit or pay their taxes. Xero helps simplify how
                customers run their operations, freeing up time to focus on what
                really matters and empowering them to supercharge their business.
                                                                                       OUR CUSTOMERS
                                                                                       Xero is focused on helping customers in our primary segments —
                Xero is built on 20 years of proprietary data and established          micro and small businesses with 1-20 employees — to complete
                infrastructure, and is trusted by millions of businesses and           the three most important Jobs to be Done (JTBD): accounting,
                their advisors globally. Xero aims to set the new standard for         payroll and payments.
                small business technology: one that is smarter, more intuitive
                and more connected, combining AI-driven capabilities with              While our products are designed mainly for this group, we also
                human judgement to deliver clarity, control and confidence.            support customers who use our products across all segments:
                We are leveraging our trusted system of record, unique data            self-employed businesses with higher revenues, and medium and
                platform and strong domain expertise as we continue to deliver         larger businesses that have more complex needs.
                AI solutions and evolve into a platform with deep AI capabilities      We’re committed to supporting customers at every stage of
                — moving from a system of record to a system of action and             their business journey. Some customers work directly with us,
                decision making for our customers.                                     while others use Xero through their accountant or bookkeeper.
                In the 2026 financial year (FY26), Xero generated operating            For customers who use Xero directly, we engage with them
                revenue of $2.8 billion and ended the financial year with              through digital channels and provide comprehensive support
                4.9 million global customers across Australia, the UK, the US          and education on our tools and AI solutions to help them get the
                and more than 180 other countries.                                     most value out of Xero.

                Our vision is to be the most trusted and insightful                    Our 24/7 customer support and learning site, Xero Central,
                                                                                       combines AI technology with human assistance to provide
                small business platform.
                                                                                       quick personalised help. On Xero Central, customers can
                This means offering an integrated and trusted platform                 find answers to common questions, watch tutorial videos,
                that gives customers powerful insights, drives meaningful              participate in community discussions, and contact our
                discussions with their accountant or bookkeeper, and helps             customer experience team.
                them make informed decisions about their business. We are
                                                                                       We regularly connect with both our small business customers
                supercharging this vision by embedding purposeful AI across
                                                                                       and our accountant and bookkeeper partners to help encourage
                our platform, transforming raw financial data into predictive
                                                                                       product and digital adoption, and support them to grow their
                actions and personalised insights. Our vision is supported by our
                                                                                       business through events like Xerocon, our regional roadshows
                FY25-27 strategy Winning on Purpose and is realised through our
                                                                                       and our social impact initiative, Xero for Good.
                relationships with customers and partners, our products, our
                people, and our commitment to sustainability.
                                                                                            REFLECTIONS      GOVERNANCE         FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES       7


                                                                                               into the Xero platform to create a seamless experience.
                          OUR PRODUCTS                                                         Additionally, the GTM layer is evolving and we see some partners
                          Xero’s product vision aligns with our company strategy to            as emerging new distribution channels.
                          create winning solutions for the three most critical small
                                                                                               Our ecosystem partner relationships are supported through the
                          businesses’ jobs and to support adjacent JTBD through
                                                                                               Xero App Store, which allows small businesses to discover, try
                          embedded capabilities and strategic partnerships. Central
                                                                                               and buy apps based on their specific needs. It also gives app
                          to supporting these critical JTBD is Just Ask Xero (JAX), our
                                                                                               developers access to data insights, tools, and billing payment
                          AI financial superagent, currently in beta — built on Xero’s
                                                                                               capabilities, to help them grow their business.
                          trusted, expansive, secure system while keeping humans in
                          control. JAX provides small businesses with a financial team
                          in a box by orchestrating multiple agentic specialists to help       OUR PEOPLE
                          customers manage and grow their business, automating                 Our team is driven by our purpose to make life better for people
                          workflows, surfacing actionable insights — amplifying                in small business, their advisors and communities around the
                          human expertise to deliver better outcomes for the millions          world. Our objective is to help our people to do the best work of
                          of businesses around the world that rely on Xero. Xero’s             their lives by embedding our purpose, values and culture within
                          small business platform includes a range of integrated               all our activities.
                          products to help small businesses complete their JTBD,
                          such as:                                                             Xero serves customers in more than 180 countries; our




For personal use only
                                                                                               customers reflect many different cultures, walks of life, and
                          Accounting                                                           personal circumstances. We consider building an open and
                          Accounting and compliance tools that provide a trusted               inclusive workforce, which is representative of the customers
                          digital platform that supports data ingestion, simplifies            and communities we serve, to be critical to delivering our
                          bookkeeping, helps with managing and filing annual taxes,            purpose and strategy.
                          and provides reporting and analytics.
                                                                                               Our values reflect how our people work and interact with each
                          Payroll                                                              other to drive better customer outcomes. We continue to
                          Payroll tools to help simplify paying employees and                  cultivate a workplace culture where our people can grow their
                          contractors easily and on time.                                      careers, build capabilities, make an impact, benefit from new
                                                                                               technologies, and feel a sense of connection to our purpose,
                          Payments                                                             customers and each other.
                          Payment tools to help small businesses make and collect
                          payments and manage cash flow. This includes allowing
                          small businesses to invoice their customers, and manage
                                                                                               OUR COMMITMENT TO SUSTAINABILITY
                          and pay their bills through Xero, bill payments powered by           We’re committed to building a socially responsible and
                          Melio in the US, and other payment services integrated with          environmentally sustainable business, throughout our
                          Xero.                                                                operations and supply chain. We recognise we also have
                                                                                               a responsibility to help small businesses become more
                          Adjacent JTBD                                                        sustainable. We do this through sustainability-related app
                          Tools that support day-to-day operations beyond                      integrations from our Xero App Store, such as our partnership
                          accounting, payroll and payments, such as employee                   with carbon accounting software provider Sumday, and by
                          management, expenses, projects and inventory.                        offering practical tools and resources, including our new Small
                                                                                               Business Sustainability Hub.
                          Across these core and adjacent JTBD, Xero continues to
                          embed AI capabilities to support compliance and accuracy,            To access the sustainability content developed for small
                          allowing business owners to focus on growth rather than              businesses, visit our Sustainability Hub: www.xero.com/
                          administration.                                                      sustainability/small-business/

                                                                                               In FY26, our climate-related targets were approved by the
                        OUR RELATIONSHIPS WITH PARTNERS                                        Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi). The strategic acquisition
                        Trusted relationships with Xero’s partners are an important            of Melio this year has had a material impact on our emissions
                        part of how we operate. Our partners include accountants               footprint and, in line with SBTi guidelines, we will recalculate our
                        and bookkeepers, third-party app developers, and banks and             base year emissions in FY27 and will re-evaluate our targets to
                        financial service providers.                                           ensure they remain relevant. For more information, see page 17
                                                                                               of our FY26 Sustainability Report at: www.xero.com/investors
                        We’re committed to supporting our accountant and bookkeeper
                        partners, who play a vital role in the success of small business,
                        by providing them with access to tools to help them advise with        XERO SMALL BUSINESS INSIGHTS (XSBI)
                        confidence and grow their own practices. Using Xero’s tools,           We use anonymised and aggregated customer data from more
                        including AI-powered solutions, accountants and bookkeepers            than one million small businesses across Australia, the UK, US,
                        can enhance their strategic advisory capability to help their          Canada and New Zealand to generate insights into the small
                        clients supercharge their business, unlock growth and provide          business economy through the XSBI program. This research,
                        a sense of freedom. Together with our partners, we advocate for        conducted according to our Responsible Data Use Commitments,
                        the millions of small businesses we support around the world.          improves understanding about small businesses and is widely
                                                                                               shared with governments, researchers and advisors.
                        Our strategic partnerships, such as with Anthropic, OpenAI,
                        Avalara, Gusto and Stripe, allow us to offer capabilities beyond
                        products that we build ourselves. We leverage these strong               For more information on our people, our responsible use of
                        ecosystem and strategic partnerships by embedding services               data, and our commitment to sustainability, see our FY26
                                                                                                 Sustainability Report at: www.xero.com/investors
                        8 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                Financial 1
                highlights
                          $2.8b                                                                              $757m

For personal use only
                             Operating revenue                                                                  Adjusted EBITDA
                                                                                                              UP 18% YOY


                           U P 31% YOY
                                 (28% in constant currency)

                                                                                                             $55.44
                                                                                                                Average revenue
                          4.9m                                                                                  per customer2
                             Customers3



                           UP 11% YOY                                                                        UP 23% YOY

                1. Operating revenue, EBITDA, operating expense ratio, Rule of 40 and free cash flow are reported for the 12 months ended 31 March 2026. Customers, annualised
                   monthly recurring revenue and average revenue per customer are as at 31 March 2026
                2. See definition of average revenue per customer (ARPC) on page 36
                3. See definition of customers on page 29
                                                                                                          REFLECTIONS          GOVERNANCE            FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES             9




                              $3.3b                                                                                  48.5%


For personal use only
                                 Annualised                                                                             Rule of 405
                                 monthly recurring
                                 revenue4                                                                             UP 4.2PP YOY




                               UP 37% YOY                                                                          70.5%
                                                                                                                       Operating
                                                                                                                       expense ratio6
                             $554m                                                                                     (excluding acquisition-
                                                                                                                       related costs)

                                Free cash flow

                              UP 9% YOY                                                                             DOWN 1.2PP YOY

                        4. See definition of annualised monthly recurring revenue (AMRR) on page 31
                        5. Rule of 40 is defined as the sum of annual revenue growth percentage in constant currency and free cash flow margin percentage (free cash flow as a percentage of
                            revenue)
                        6. Operating expense ratio including acquisition-related costs was 72.4%, up 0.6pp year-on-year.
                        10 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                Chair’s Review
                                                                                                                         David Thodey, AO




For personal use only
                                                                                                                         Chair of the Board

                DEAR SHAREHOLDER,
                FY26 was a year of significant progress. Xero deepened its position in our core markets,
                delivering strong financial results, customer growth and expanded value per customer, and
                laid the AI foundations that will define the next era of small business finance. The year also
                brought a broad adjustment of software sector valuations globally, as markets considered
                how value will be created in an AI-driven world. AI is an accelerant to our strategy and we’re
                confident in the opportunity it presents Xero and in our ability to deliver meaningful outcomes
                for small businesses. The Board enters FY27 confident that Xero is well positioned, well led,
                and executing against a large and expanding opportunity.

                Xero’s global position                                              Our FY26 strategic moves have put us on a high-growth
                                                                                    trajectory in the US. The Melio acquisition gives Xero the
                Xero serves more than 4.9 million businesses across 180
                                                                                    capability to serve US small businesses across the spectrum of
                countries as a leading small business financial operating system.
                                                                                    their financial needs, actively pursuing the large accounting plus
                Demand for our platform continues to grow as digitisation and
                                                                                    payments market. Foundational to our long-term value creation,
                AI drive our addressable market. Small businesses form the
                                                                                    we are confident in the opportunity this creates.
                backbone of the global economy, and their need for platforms
                like Xero has never been greater. Our focus remains on delivering   AI unlocking a new era
                our strategy.
                                                                                    Xero’s purpose is more important than ever in the age of AI and
                We draw on Xero Small Business Insights (XSBI), using               we are well positioned to be a long-term AI winner. By providing
                anonymised data from over one million businesses across five        more intelligent tools that help small businesses manage cash
                countries, to advocate with governments and policymakers on         flow, get insights, forecast, and increasingly automate business
                their behalf. I remain impressed by the resilience of the small     workflows for them, we can help them operate more effectively
                business economy, and am proud of Xero’s role in supporting it.     and efficiently. This is how we stay true to our vision: to be the
                                                                                    most trusted and insightful small business platform.
                Our global opportunity and Melio’s strategic importance
                                                                                    What excites the Board most is that AI is not simply improving
                Our business has true global reach and a significant opportunity,
                                                                                    what Xero already does, but unlocking entirely new customer
                and we’re pleased each of our core markets are delivering
                                                                                    value and expanding our addressable market, putting
                results. Australia and New Zealand, where we have over two
                                                                                    capabilities previously available only to much larger enterprises
                million customers, continue to deepen. The UK, our second-
                                                                                    within reach of every small business. The multiple layers of
                largest market with over one million customers, maintains
                                                                                    our offering create a powerful virtuous cycle of benefits and
                strong growth momentum. Meanwhile the US, our fastest
                                                                                    trust — one we continue to reinvest in and deepen. The Board is
                growing market, where we are building from strength, represents
                                                                                    confident that Xero has the right foundations, partnerships and
                our most significant long-term opportunity.
                                                                                    ambition to capture this opportunity.


                                                                                      Sukhinder’s CEO Review on page 12 outlines our AI strengths
                                                                                      and strategy in more detail.
                                                                                              REFLECTIONS     GOVERNANCE         FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES    11




                                                                                                   Our approach to sustainability reporting
                                                                                                   We are committed to building a socially responsible
                                                                                                   and sustainable business. The Board understands the
                                                                                                   importance of sustainability in creating long-term value
                                                                                                   for all our stakeholders. We have published a separate
                                                                                                   Sustainability Report covering our people, responsible
                                                                                                   use of data, and commitment to sustainability. While Xero
                                                                                                   Limited is not subject to the new Australian Sustainability
                                                                                                   Reporting Standards (ASRS), we continue to voluntarily and
                                                                                                   progressively align our climate disclosures with IFRS S2.




For personal use only
                                                                                                   ASRS disclosure requirements will be addressed later this
                                                                                                   year in the FY26 Xero Australia Sustainability Report.

                                                                                                   Our FY26 Sustainability Report is available at:
                                                                                                   xero.com/investors


                                                                                                 Board priorities for the year ahead
                        Governance                                                               The Board enters FY27 focused on deepening penetration in
                                                                                                 Australia and the UK, accelerating our US business across Xero
                        The Board strives to balance the evolving governance
                                                                                                 and Melio, and capitalising on the significant AI opportunity.
                        expectations of our stakeholders with the strategic needs of
                                                                                                 These are ambitious goals, and the Board’s role is to ensure
                        Xero.
                                                                                                 Xero pursues them with the governance, talent and financial
                        The Board takes all stakeholder feedback seriously. While the            discipline our shareholders rightly expect. We remain focused on
                        FY25 Remuneration Report was adopted with support from our               creating shareholder value as we seek to make sure our business
                        largest long-term active holders, we acknowledge that a portion          performance is strong and investors understand the long-term
                        of the shareholder base expressed alternate views. We have               value of the business. The convergence of Xero’s trusted data
                        engaged extensively with investors and advisors to hear their            platform, expanding product suite and new TAM opportunities
                        views on how we best balance our compensation structures to              created by AI means the opportunity ahead of us is tremendous
                        secure the calibre of global talent required to execute Xero’s           and we are pursuing it aggressively.
                        strategy successfully. We have carefully considered the feedback
                        following the 2025 Annual Meeting and, in a number of respects,          Thank you
                        have evolved our approach.                                               On behalf of the Board, I extend my sincere appreciation for
                                                                                                 the ongoing trust and support of our customers, partners and
                        Our remuneration approach is principled, considering
                                                                                                 shareholders.
                        performance, scope and criticality of role alongside the location
                        of each individual. This is particularly relevant in North America,
                        where executive remuneration benchmarks differ materially from
                        those in Australia and New Zealand.


                          Further detail is in the Remuneration Report on page 92.
                                                                                                 David Thodey
                        The Board continues to review its composition and succession             Chair
                        plans to ensure the right balance of skills, knowledge and global
                        experience to support Xero’s long-term opportunity.
                        12 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                CEO’s Review
                                                                                                                                                        Sukhinder Singh Cassidy




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                        CEO

                DEAR SHAREHOLDER,
                FY26 was a landmark year for Xero, and our results show it. Driven by continued strategic
                execution, we delivered strong financial performance with revenue up 31% to $2.8 billion and
                an 18% increase in adjusted EBITDA while absorbing our Melio investment. We added 506,000
                net new customers, achieving a good balance between customer growth and average revenue
                per customer (ARPC) expansion, underpinned by operational and capital discipline. Beyond
                the numbers, we’re most proud of our continued product velocity and innovation, leveraging AI
                to strengthen our position as the trusted financial operating system for millions of SMBs and
                their advisors globally in the agentic era.

                3x3 strategy hitting its stride                                                            US growth accelerating, key investments delivering
                Entering the final year of our FY25-27 strategy, we’re pioneering                          Our velocity continues across the three core superjobs in the
                the next era of SMB finance for customers across accounting,                               US. In October we completed the acquisition of Melio, a leading
                payroll and payments. We’re elevating payments within our sales                            US SMB bill pay platform, and in March launched bill payments
                motions, with transaction-based revenue becoming a larger                                  — combining world-class teams and technology to deliver a full-
                share of our mix. The ability to send and receive payments within                          service financial platform to help US customers better manage
                Xero, helps deepen our technology foundations, compliance and                              cashflow. The acquisition creates opportunities to accelerate
                data advantages, and strengthens Xero for the future.                                      growth and long-term value. We’re on track to realise synergies
                                                                                                           from the integration and we reiterate our expectation that Melio
                Our Win the 3x3 strategy is delivering across core markets. In                             will reach adjusted EBITDA breakeven on a run-rate basis in
                Australia, where revenue increased 20% and customers grew                                  H2 FY28.1,2
                9%, we see a clear pathway to continued growth and ARPC
                expansion, including offering new features targeting medium-                               Marking the fastest growing region at Xero, we added 110,000
                sized businesses. In the UK, revenue grew 26% and customers                                new customers in the US, including new Melio direct payments
                increased 14%, with the introduction of Xero Simple priming                                customers,3 and expanded ARPC by 169%. We also achieved
                us for Making Tax Digital (MTD). In both markets we have a                                 240% combined revenue growth (and 30% on an organic basis
                significant opportunity, growing the right new customers and                               excluding Melio).
                expanding value with existing customers.                                                   New partnerships are also deepening value for US customers,
                                                                                                           including with Plaid to deliver more reliable, direct high-
                                                                                                           quality bank feed connections from over 1,500 institutions,
                                                                                                           and with Gusto to bring an embedded payroll solution (beta) to
                                                                                                           customers.




                1. Melio adjusted EBITDA definition aligns with the Xero Group definition; for further detail refer to page 21 of Xero’s FY26 Investor Presentation. This guide aligns with
                   Xero’s assumptions outlined in its FY28 aspiration statement and excludes synergies
                2.Run-rate breakeven refers to at least one month of positive adjusted EBITDA contribution to the Xero Group during the referenced period. Refer page 21 of Xero’s FY26
                  Investor Presentation for definition of adjusted EBITDA
                3. Refer to page 29 for definition of customers
                                                                                           REFLECTIONS     GOVERNANCE         FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES       13




                                                                                                AI highlights include:
                                                                                                 • New agentic features in JAX such as:

                                                                                                    › Automated bank reconciliation, with more than
                                                                                                      40 million transactions already reconciled and a
                                                                                                      reported accuracy of 97%; customers using bank
                                                                                                      feeds and automated actions save ~22 hours each
                                                                                                      month
                                                                                                    › GenAI conversational web search combining customer
                                                                                                      business data with real-time external data via our




For personal use only
                                                                                                      OpenAI collaboration
                                                                                                    › Real-time personalised financial insights for deeper
                                                                                                      dives into financial data and surfacing actionable
                                                                                                      information to help inform smarter decisions
                                                                                                 • Launched GenAI-powered smart document capture
                                                                                                   across web and mobile for UK customers, automating
                                                                                                   data extraction and transaction matching, to increase
                                                                                                   accuracy and reduce time on manual entry
                        AI powering customer value
                        Xero is well positioned to be a long-term AI winner, multiplying         • Introduced the Xero Analytics platform with
                        productivity for small businesses and across Xero.                         customisable, AI-powered insights, including Business
                                                                                                   Health scorecards using internal and external data for a
                        We are already delivering AI-powered innovation, built on 20               consolidated view
                        years of trusted infrastructure, proprietary financial data,
                        purpose-built products, compliance capability and a multi-               • Signed a strategic partnership with Anthropic to bring
                        channel global go-to-market engine. Xero operates in this new              Claude’s AI directly into Xero, and Xero capabilities
                        era with strength and customer trust at scale.                             for existing customers into Claude.ai. This augments
                                                                                                   our existing OpenAI partnership, bringing multiple AI
                        We’re focused on delivering a system of action and decision-               providers to users across our agents
                        making built on Accountable Intelligence™: the belief that true
                        intelligence is accountable and auditable for those who use it.
                        Our commitment to trust is foundational, and it’s a meaningful        As we enter FY27, we’re focused on driving AI adoption,
                        competitive advantage as AI becomes central to small business         deepening product value and monetising new AI features. Our
                        operations.                                                           three monetisation principles, keeping it simple, encouraging
                        Through Just Ask Xero (JAX), we’re giving customers a financial       adoption and future-proofing our models, are designed
                        team in a box and re-engineering how small business finance           to balance adoption with value realisation for long-term
                        gets done — not layering AI onto existing workflows, but deeply       shareholder returns.
                        integrating and embedding it. JAX is an intelligent superagent        Delivering operational excellence and increasingly
                        orchestrating specialised agents across accounting, payroll and
                        payments, turning what were once manual, multi-step financial
                                                                                              leveraging AI to do so
                        processes into automated, autonomous workflows with human             We’re using AI to deliver operational excellence across Xero to
                        oversight. The result is a financial operating system that acts,      increase internal efficiencies and our peoples’ impact. From
                        not just informs: reconciling transactions, capturing documents,      customer service to marketing and lead generation to code
                        surfacing insights and executing decisions.                           generation in engineering, we are leveraging AI to work faster
                                                                                              and smarter in service of our customers.
                        We recently passed 500,000 customers using our new GenAI-
                        powered features, and in FY26 customer messages sent to JAX           Overall, we are pleased with our increasing operational leverage;
                        grew ~115% per user.                                                  we delivered total operating expenses as a percentage of
                                                                                              revenue of 70.5% (excluding acquisition-related costs), in line
                                                                                              with guidance, and demonstrated a disciplined approach to
                                                                                              recruitment with revenue per full-time equivalent employee
                                                                                              increasing by 21% year-on-year to $571,000. We also evolved
                                                                                              our product and technology organisation, opening a new hub in
                                                                                              Vancouver, Canada to rebalance our organisational location mix
                                                                                              for higher-priority technical skills and improve cross-timezone
                                                                                              collaboration.
                        14 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                Funding our growth engine through operational and capital                                    FY27 Outlook
                discipline                                                                                   Operating revenue is expected to be between $3,620 million and
                Our FY26 results underscore confidence in our ability to pursue                              $3,730 million.
                our FY28 aspirations. Our consistent operational and capital                                 Adjusted EBITDA9 is expected to be between $860 million and
                discipline enable Xero to continue to fund our growth engine. By                             $920 million. This includes incremental US brand spend of up to
                generating internal efficiencies we can create opportunities to                              ~NZ$55 million. Xero expects a higher than historical weighting
                reinvest to drive growth, such as investing in our brand in the US.                          of Adjusted EBITDA to be delivered in the second half of FY27.
                Looking ahead                                                                                Product capitalisation rates are expected to be similar to the
                We’re executing our strategy effectively, with key wins and                                  long term range of 40-45% and Depreciation and amortisation
                continued value delivery for customers. We are at the beginning                              expenses are estimated to be around $465 million in FY27.10
                of something significant, accelerated by AI, and we have the
                strategy, team, data and product capability to capture it.
                                                                                                             Thank you
                                                                                                             We’re delighted with our strong FY26 performance, and
                Aspiration                                                                                   confident in our FY27 guidance and FY28 aspirations as we




For personal use only
                In June 2025, Xero outlined its FY28 aspirations as part of the                              pursue our purpose: to make life better for people in small
                acquisition of Melio. They are that:                                                         business, their advisors and communities around the world. We
                                                                                                             are excited about Xero’s future.
                  • The combined business is expected to significantly accelerate
                    US revenue growth and gives Xero the opportunity to more                                 On behalf of the leadership team and everyone at Xero, thank
                    than double its FY25 group revenue in FY28 excluding                                     you for your ongoing loyalty and support.
                    anticipated revenue synergies4, 5

                  • This outcome is expected to support Xero’s aspiration to
                    deliver greater than Rule of 40 outcomes for the group in
                    FY286, 7, 8


                                                                                                             Sukhinder Singh Cassidy
                                                                                                             CEO




                4. Anticipated FY28 revenue synergies are expected to be ~US$70 million (refer to page 27 of the Investor Presentation lodged with the ASX on 25 June 2025 for further
                   details). Assuming constant currency conversion of NZ$/US$ 0.57, NZ$/AU$ 0.91 and NZ$/GBP 0.46
                5. Xero FY25 revenue was NZ$2,103 million. This statement applies to FY28 only and no implication should be made relating to any other financial year
                6. In the interim period prior to FY28, Xero expects to deliver below Rule of 40 outcomes on a pro-forma basis (pro-forma refers to adjusting for inorganic revenue
                   growth benefits from the time of transaction completion by comparing to a prior year revenue base that fully incorporates Melio’s revenue)
                7. Assessed including both expected revenue and expected cost synergies outlined on page 27 of the Investor Presentation lodged with the ASX on 25 June 2025
                8. Rule of 40 aspirations relate to Xero’s results at the Xero Group level, in line with Xero’s definition of Rule of 40 (for further details refer to page 21 in the FY26
                   Investor Presentation)
                9. Adjusted EBITDA provides a view on underlying business performance and is calculated by adding back certain non-cash, revaluation and one-off costs to EBITDA
                10. Refer to page 35 of Xero’s FY26 Investor Presentation for further qualitative commentary and supporting assumptions regarding Xero’s FY27 Outlook
                                      REFLECTIONS   GOVERNANCE   FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES   15




                        Strategy in
                        Action



For personal use only
                        16 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                Our FY25-27 strategy, Winning on Purpose, is a focused framework built on three pillars:
                creating winning solutions for customers, consistently living our purpose, and purposefully
                allocating capital. By executing this strategy across large and expanding cloud markets, we are
                positioned to further unlock an untapped ~$100 billion Total Addressable Market (TAM).1,2
                Now in the last year of our strategic period, we’re pleased to share key FY26 achievements
                across our four priorities.


                1. WIN THE 3X3
                In FY26, our strong product velocity and disciplined capital allocation continued in line with our 3x3 strategy. Below are some of the key
                highlights for the year:




For personal use only
                                                      • Introduced the Xero Analytics platform equipped with customisable, AI-powered insights to millions
                Accounting                              of businesses, including Business Health Scorecards which track key performance metrics alongside
                                                        external data (like website traffic) for a consolidated view of business health, supporting our partners
                                                        to drive more usage among their clients

                                                      • Rolled out a redesigned, customisable homepage based on feedback from over 30,000 customers,
                                                        delivering simpler navigation, personalised data, recommended actions and a clear view of
                                                        performance

                                                      • Announced our new Partner Hub, built with feedback from over 2,000 partners globally, unifying
                                                        practice tools and workflows with AI-powered assistance and compliance features

                                                      • Launched Xero Workpapers, a new compliance tool built in partnership with BGL that streamlines
                                                        workflows for Australian partners and reduces manual entry through direct import of client
                                                        bookkeeping data from Xero

                                                      • Expanded our partner ecosystem through a new integration with Karbon, connecting Xero’s financial
                                                        software with Karbon’s practice management tools to simplify workflows and boost productivity for
                                                        accounting firms across the US and all major Xero markets

                                                      • Enhanced Xero Tax for Australian customers with more future-year forms, early tax and company
                                                        returns filing, and the ability to set up in-app or email reminders, helping reduce manual entry and
                                                        errors in individual returns

                                                      • Introduced Xero Simple to support UK accountants and bookkeepers ahead of Making Tax Digital
                                                        (MTD) for Income Tax (IT), including invoicing, data capture and automated bank transaction imports
                                                        enabling direct MTD for IT filing and multi-business support

                                                      • Streamlined compliant statutory and complex reporting in the UK, and introduced partnership tax
                                                        capabilities, allowing accountants and bookkeepers to amend, delete and create partnership tax
                                                        returns for their clients

                                                      • Enhanced US bank feeds and US tax preparation

                                                         › Through a partnership with Plaid we delivered more reliable, direct high-quality bank feed
                                                           connections from over 1,500 institutions, helping save small businesses time and delivering greater
                                                           financial visibility
                                                         › An integration with Tallyfor has improved filing efficiency. We have also enabled 1099 e-filings,
                                                           powered by Avalara, and released several other enhancements to help simplify compliance




                1. Total Addressable Market estimated using available government statistics, public market data, internal Xero data and commercial assumptions in relation to the
                   relevant product(s)
                2. Based on Australia, NZ, UK, US and Canada across accounting (bookkeeping, annual tax, data ingestion, reporting and insights), payments and payroll
                                                                                                         REFLECTIONS         GOVERNANCE            FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES           17




                                                             • Enhanced Australian payroll with employee self-onboarding features and modernised Payday Super
                        Payroll                                submission to help customers stay compliant, with the rollout to be completed by June 2026
                                                             • Added payroll and auto super into every Xero plan in Australia, and improved payroll flexibility across
                                                               UK and NZ plans with per-employee pricing for simpler onboarding and scaling for customers
                                                             • Enhanced UK Payroll with a new Payroll Manager dashboard for direct client set-up with a unified
                                                               workflow, and introduced more comprehensive payroll reporting features and national minimum wage
                                                               alerts
                                                             • Launched integrated wage payments enabling UK customers to pay employees directly from Xero, in
                                                               partnership with Crezco
                                                             • Launched our embedded payroll solution (beta) through our partnership with Gusto, enabling
                                                               seamless payroll management for US customers directly within the Xero platform




For personal use only
                                                             • Completed the acquisition of Melio in October 2025 to unite accounting and payments on one platform
                        Payments                               for US small businesses. In March 2026, launched bill payments, powered by Melio, delivering a
                                                               full-service financial platform for US small businesses. This allows businesses and their advisors to
                                                               benefit from speed, choice, and cash flow visibility, with the ability to pay vendors instantly via bank
                                                               transfer, debit or credit card (even if the vendor doesn’t accept cards). Alongside, JAX (Just Ask Xero)
                                                               automatically reconciles transactions, helping keep books accurate and enabling owners to shift from
                                                               reporting on the past to forecasting for the future

                                                             • Introduced new, flexible ways to get paid, including secure deposits (in early access for Australia,
                                                               New Zealand and the UK), enabling customers to collect partial or full payment to lock in revenue,
                                                               cover upfront costs and start projects with confidence

                                                             • Launched scheduled payments to allow payers to commit to a future payment date, reducing late
                                                               payments and improving cash flow predictability, alongside statement payments enabling customers
                                                               to get paid for multiple invoices with one transaction

                                                             • Launched a new AI invoice email generator, in beta for some customers globally, allowing customers to
                                                               leverage JAX to create professional messages and motivate quicker payments

                                                             • Launched SMS invoicing in New Zealand, the UK and the US (in Australia, customers get paid up to
                                                               four times faster when sending an online invoice via SMS3) and also enabled online payments for
                                                               invoices on the Xero Accounting app

                                                             • Launched more ways to pay, powered by Stripe, including Zip Pay and PayTo in Australia, and Pay by
                                                               Bank in the UK, and introduced the ability to pay statements in bulk, providing customers with more
                                                               payment options and flexibility

                                                             • Improved bill functionality with smarter bill creation via web and mobile, automated entry options,
                                                               quick-view bill editing and approval from a single screen, as well as international bill payments in the
                                                               UK so customers can pay bills in more than 32 currencies to over 180 countries




                        3. Median payment times of invoices with a payment service included and sent via SMS by customers using Xero in Australia from 1 September 2024 to 31 March 2025
                           (compared to invoices sent by email and without payment service included)
                        18 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                                                                                     • Made JAX (in beta) available to all eligible users globally and
                2. BUILD A WINNING GTM PLAYBOOK                                        released powerful new key features. Powered by Xero’s trusted
                We’re focused on driving value for our customers and partners,         financial operating system, JAX functions as an orchestration
                deepening our relationships, and improving usage and growth            agent supported by an agentic team of specialists and
                of the products that best serve them. We have a multi-year             underlying Xero capabilities running on the Xero platform.
                opportunity to continue to grow ARPC through our focus on              Other key JAX enhancements in FY26 include:
                multi-product adoption and improved mix, for both new and
                                                                                        › Customer messages sent to JAX have increased by ~115%
                existing customers.
                                                                                          per user, demonstrating increased engagement and usage.
                Highlights for the year include:                                          Xero is committed to Accountable IntelligenceTM
                  • Refined our sales motions to target new customers and scaled        › Released automated bank reconciliation, powered by
                    data-driven marketing to fuel growth across our direct and            JAX. This automation helps customers move faster, stay
                    partner channels                                                      compliant and scale. In FY26 customers reported JAX’s
                                                                                          financial auto bank reconciliation accuracy was 97%, and
                  • Added Syft Analytics for Xero partners into eligible business         over 40 million transactions have already been reconciled
                    plans. This has strengthened and increased the value of our           using the feature. Customers using bank feeds and
                    offering by providing improvements to forecasting, advanced




For personal use only
                                                                                          automated actions save ~22 hours each month
                    reporting and multi-entry consolidations
                                                                                        › Rolled out JAX web search, which combines a customer’s
                  • Introduced single sign-on (SSO) for accountants and                   business data with real-time external data from across the
                    bookkeepers (phased release): one of the most-requested               web (such as market trends), via our OpenAI collaboration,
                    features from our partner community. SSO lets partners                to deliver personalised, timely insights. These answers are
                    manage staff access centrally, eliminates the risk of former          underpinned by JAX Assure, Xero’s proprietary tech for
                    employees retaining access to sensitive client data, and              enhanced accuracy
                    helps meet enterprise-grade security requirements like              › Introduced JAX for accountants and bookkeepers (open
                    ISO 27001 and SOC 2, protecting revenue with large                    beta) to unify client summary Q&A experience and deliver
                    enterprise customers who treat SSO as a non-negotiable                faster financial insights across clients in the Xero Partner
                  • Enhanced our direct acquisition strategy by improving the             Hub, in addition to Xero’s new Syft-powered architecture
                    Xero mobile experience with new mobile buy flow to improve          › Rolled out real-time, personalised financial insights
                    the customer sales journey, guided setup and subscription             enabling customers to dig deeper into their financial data
                    management. Customers can now sign up, get set up, and                through conversational, agentic analysis and surface the
                    manage bills and invoices directly on mobile                          actionable information needed to make smarter decisions
                  • Continued to use AI internally to enhance our customer
                    experience teams’ ability to deliver better customer support     4. UNLEASH XERO(S) TO WIN
                    experiences more efficiently. We released live in-product chat   We continue to focus on setting Xero up for success and
                    capability, providing customers in the US (and those in their    empowering our people to thrive, as we stay focused on driving
                    first 90 days in UK, Australia and New Zealand) with access to   more value for our customers and partners. Highlights for FY26
                    immediate AI-powered answers where they need it most, with       included:
                    a customer support agent brought in for more complex cases
                                                                                     • Drove organisational-wide AI adoption by equipping Xeros
                                                                                       with education, automation and intelligence tools to increase
                3. FOCUSED BETS TO WIN THE FUTURE                                      internal efficiencies and productivity, with 83% of our
                We continue to see AI and mobile as a significant opportunity          people using AI daily. This has scaled our customer support
                to innovate and invest to unlock value for our customers,              capabilities, with AI technology integrated into workflows,
                leveraging our 20 years of proprietary data (trusted by millions       assisting four to five times on each request. Our engineering
                of businesses and their advisors globally) and our deep domain         team continues to benefit from time savings as we drive deep
                expertise. In FY26 we announced the evolution of our agentic           adoption, with 97% of engineers using at least one AI tool daily
                platform, underpinned by JAX, and new partnerships with major        • Evolved our product and technology team structure to help
                AI platforms, moving Xero from a system of record to a system          enhance our product velocity and deliver great products for
                of action and decision making for our customers. We’ve already         our customers, positioning Xero for future success
                passed 500,000 customers using our new GenAI-powered
                features. In FY26 we:                                                • Continued to enhance our performance management
                                                                                       framework for our people
                  • Announced a partnership with Anthropic to integrate
                    Claude’s AI into Xero and securely connect Xero financial        • Delivered improved employee performance, development and
                    data into Claude.ai. We see this as a key enabler of further       learning opportunities for all Xeros globally as we invest in
                    supercharging small businesses globally and allowing               our purpose and performance-based culture, driving focus,
                    customers to leverage Xero wherever they choose to work            prioritisation and connection to our strategy

                  • Launched AI-powered smart document capture across web
                    and mobile for UK customers, automating data extraction and
                    transaction matching. This included a new mobile bill-capture
                    feature that allows users to instantly generate bills from
                    photos or files, significantly reducing manual entry
                                                                                         REFLECTIONS         GOVERNANCE         FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES                           19




                        Key Risks
                         The Xero risk management framework is designed to identify material financial and
                         non-financial risks that may impact our ability to achieve our strategic priorities.
                         The Xero Board sets the risk appetite and provides oversight of management’s
                         implementation of Xero’s risk management framework. Responsibility for managing
                         risks within the Board-defined risk appetite is shared between the Xero leadership
                         team and our people.




For personal use only
                         We recognise that everyone at Xero has a role to play in this area. Key roles are
                         outlined in the diagram below, with accountability for managing risk aligned to the
                         globally recognised ‘Three Lines Model’.


                         XERO’S RISK MANAGEMENT ACCOUNTABILITY — THREE LINES MODEL

                                                                      THE XERO BOARD
                                      Deciding the nature and extent of the risks Xero is prepared to take to meet objectives




                                                                                                                                                    EXTERNAL ASSURANCE PROVIDERS
                                       The Board’s role: Set risk appetite, and oversight of the risk management framework




                               CEO, LEADERSHIP TEAM AND MANAGEMENT                                           ASSURANCE
                           Establishing the risk management framework and                               Independent assurance
                           managing risks within Board-defined risk appetite                                  over risks



                                   FIRST                           SECOND
                                                                                                          THIRD LINE’S ROLE
                                LINE’S ROLE                      LINE’S ROLE
                                                                                                       Independent and objective
                               Day-to-day                    Expertise, support,
                                                                                                        assurance and advice on
                             ownership and                      monitoring and
                                                                                                      the effectiveness of risk and
                            management of                        challenge on
                                                                                                          control management
                           risks and controls                risk-related matters




                         KEY          Accountability,                  Accountability, delegation,                              Alignment, communication,
                                      reporting                        direction, oversight                                     coordination, collaboration
                        20 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026


                The table below sets out key areas of potential risk facing Xero (in no specific order) and the high-level activities in place to mitigate
                these risks. More information on our approach to data and cybersecurity, ESG, and people-related risks can be found in our FY26
                Sustainability Report.

                   THEME                                                                           MITIGATION STRATEGIES AND ACTIVITIES

                   Strategic                                                                       Strategic planning and oversight: Our strategic planning cycle includes
                   The risk that we may not successfully execute on our strategic priorities,      regular review of progress and strategic outlook, including the competitive
                   which could result in customer, operational, financial and reputational         landscape, emerging technologies and new market entrants, alongside
                   impacts. This includes the failure to adapt to, and capitalise on, disruptive   broader economic and geopolitical events. This supports alignment
                   technologies like artificial intelligence (AI), respond to competitive          with long-term goals and adaptability to evolving market conditions.
                   pressures from existing and new market entrants, or changing dynamics           Management actively monitors the policy and regulatory environment to
                   with our accounting partners.                                                   identify and address potential risks and opportunities. Regular reviews
                                                                                                   of execution against the strategic plan are conducted through Objectives
                                                                                                   and Key Results (OKRs) and across regions. The Board receives regular
                                                                                                   reporting and provides oversight of strategic risk, including the competitive
                                                                                                   environment and customer sentiment.

                   Financial Performance and Access to Capital                                     Financial performance and balance sheet management: We actively
                   The risk that our financial performance does not meet internal targets and/     manage our balance sheet, liquidity and cash flow, and closely monitor
                   or external expectations, potentially impacting cost of capital, shareholder    performance against forecasts and market expectations. We focus on clear
                   and/or market sentiment. The risk of constraints on access to financial         market communication to drive alignment in performance expectations.
                   resources to invest for future growth.                                          The Board oversees our capital management strategy including capital
                                                                                                   raisings, investment allocation, as well as foreign exchange and liquidity risk




For personal use only
                                                                                                   management.

                   AI Governance and Reliability                                                   Responsible AI: We invest in and deploy AI technologies guided by our
                   The risk of AI systems producing biased or unreliable insights, eroding         Responsible Data Use Commitments and governance frameworks. We
                   platform trust, or exposing us to IP vulnerability and regulatory               actively mitigate data bias, prioritise model transparency and safety, and
                   enforcement.                                                                    maintain oversight of automated workflows in alignment with our ethical
                                                                                                   data practices and platform trust. Additionally, we actively monitor the
                                                                                                   evolution of AI systems, including those with increasing levels of autonomy,
                                                                                                   to support platform trust.

                   Operational                                                                     Platform stability and resilience: We focus on, and invest in, technology,
                   The risk of disruption to our internal operations, potentially impacting our    processes and engineering capabilities to improve robustness of the platform
                   platform stability and/or being unable to provide continued delivery and        and strengthen stability. We undertake continuous performance monitoring
                   innovation of our products and services to customers. Operational risks also    and regular reporting, and periodically test disaster recovery and business
                   include risks related to third parties, effective M&A integration, talent and   continuity plans. We also test and monitor how new deployment may impact
                   culture, and employee wellbeing.                                                stability, and implement strategies to mitigate that risk.

                                                                                                   Product development: We invest in engineering, product development and
                                                                                                   delivery, prioritising initiatives that support our FY25-27 strategic goals.
                                                                                                   We take a disciplined approach to product design and execution focused on
                                                                                                   meeting customer needs and accelerating value, supported by investment in
                                                                                                   targeted customer and market research programs.

                                                                                                   M&A Integration Framework: M&A and related business integration follows
                                                                                                   a defined framework overseen by the Executive Leadership Team, in
                                                                                                   collaboration with the corporate development team. We maintain oversight
                                                                                                   of the integration of major acquisitions (such as Melio) to support strategic
                                                                                                   alignment and value creation. This process is supported by an established
                                                                                                   M&A Integration Framework and a dedicated Integration Management Office.

                                                                                                   Talent and high-performance culture: We attract talent and retain it by
                                                                                                   fostering a workforce and environment that supports long-term value
                                                                                                   creation through a global strategy and strong employee value proposition.
                                                                                                   We offer flexible work, employee benefits, career growth, and a performance
                                                                                                   framework designed to drive a sustainable high-performance culture. Xero
                                                                                                   has strong values, with active workforce planning and succession planning
                                                                                                   for key roles.

                                                                                                   Employee wellbeing: We prioritise employee wellbeing, health and safety
                                                                                                   through dedicated support programs, such as Flexible Working and Respect
                                                                                                   and Responsibility policies, and by regularly surveying and reporting on
                                                                                                   employee wellbeing and engagement metrics, including leading and lagging
                                                                                                   indicators to inform adjustments.

                   Cyber and Security                                                              Security controls and initiatives: We invest in multi-layer security tools like
                   The risk that security controls and processes are insufficient to address       multi-factor authentication and penetration testing, maintaining SOC2 and
                   rapidly evolving threats, including those amplified by emerging technologies    ISO 27001 compliance with regular external audits, incident response plans,
                   such as AI, leading to a breach and resulting in loss of data or system         and periodic cybersecurity simulations with leadership. We safeguard data,
                   functionality, and potential disruption to customers’ businesses, leading to    and protect against data and cybersecurity breaches through data security
                   customer churn, financial loss, and/or reputational damage. This includes       and awareness programs for all employees. We also educate partners and
                   risks to operational resilience from the increasing speed and scale of          customers to empower users of the Xero platform with knowledge of actions
                   automated threats that impact SaaS platform availability.                       to safeguard their data.

                   ESG                                                                             ESG principles and initiatives: We actively manage the design and execution
                   The risk that Xero is not able to deliver on its environmental, social and      of our environment, social and governance priorities, and oversee progress
                   governance priorities to maintain social licence to operate.                    with our Executive Leadership Team, Audit and Risk Committee and Board.

                   Legal and Regulatory                                                            Governance and controls: We invest in compliance capability and processes
                   The risk of inadequate management of current and changing legal,                to proactively identify, manage, and mitigate legal and regulatory risks
                   regulatory, financial services and other compliance obligations and             across our global operations. Our strategy integrates monitoring of the
                   risks. These obligations include the licensing requirements and AML/CTF         evolving legislative landscape including through a government relations
                   compliance obligations of Melio Solutions Inc in connection with Melio’s        function, allowing for strategic policy engagement on priority topics. We
                   payments business in the US. Compliance or risk management failures may         maintain a suite of policies and mandatory training programs to support
                   result in fines, increased costs, impacts to our brands, reputation and/or      compliance, as well as governance structures to oversee reporting
                   revenues.                                                                       accountability and response to incidents.
                                                                                                                         REFLECTIONS        GOVERNANCE         FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES                           21




                        Governance
                        Xero’s purpose is to make life better for people in small business, their advisors, and communities around the world. Xero’s corporate
                        governance framework is designed to uphold high standards of corporate governance and deliver on Xero’s purpose and strategy. It
                        encompasses performance monitoring and risk management in a way that reflects Xero’s values and the digital, global and high-growth
                        nature of Xero’s aspirations.

                        The Board of Xero (Board) continues to be well supported by its three standing committees: the Audit and Risk Committee, the People
                        and Remuneration Committee, and the Nominations and Governance Committee.

                        Further information about our Corporate Governance Framework, including the responsibilities of each committee, is set out in our
                        Corporate Governance Statement. This is available on our Investor Centre at www.xero.com/about/investors/governance together with
                        our key governance policies, Code of Conduct, and Board and committee charters.




For personal use only
                        XERO’S GOVERNANCE FRAMEWORK

                                                                                                                      Shareholders and stakeholders




                                                                                                                             XERO BOARD
                                                                                                 The role of the Board is to demonstrate leadership, represent Xero’s




                                                       Independent assurance and advice
                                                                                           shareholders, and promote and protect the interests of the company in the short
                                                                                           and long term. The Board is responsible for the overall governance, management
                                                                                               and strategic direction of Xero, and for delivering accountable corporate
                                                                                                 performance in accordance with Xero’s purpose, strategy and values


                                            Strategy




                                                                                                                                                                                    Purpose, values and culture
                                                                                                                              People and                 Nominations



                          Risk management
                                                                                                Audit and                    Remuneration               and Governance
                                                                                             Risk Committee                   Committee                   Committee




                                                                                                                                 CEO


                                                                                                                           LEADERSHIP TEAM


                                                                                                                             OUR PEOPLE


                                                                                                                POLICIES, SYSTEMS AND PROCESSES



                                                             KEY                          Accountability, reporting              Delegation, direction, resources, oversight
                        22 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                XERO’S BOARD



                                        David Thodey, AO                                                Steven Aldrich
                                        Chair of the Board,                                             Non-executive director,
                                        Australia                                                       United States

                  • Independent director since June 2019 and Chair since           • Independent director since October 2020
                    February 2020                                                  • Audit and Risk Committee
                  • Nominations and Governance Committee (Chair)
                                                                                   Steven is an entrepreneur and professional director with more
                  • Audit and Risk Committee                                       than 25 years’ experience in creating and delivering products
                David is a business leader who has had a career focused on         within the technology and accounting software industries.




For personal use only
                innovation and technology, with more than 30 years’ experience     Steven was previously a non-executive director of Semrush, an
                creating brand and shareholder value. He is now active in          online visibility management SaaS platform, and a non-executive
                business, healthcare, public policy, innovation, tertiary          director of Avantax.
                education, the environment and corporate governance.               Steven has held a range of senior executive roles, including
                David is chair of Ramsay Health Care (a global hospital group),    at GoDaddy, the world’s largest services platform for
                co-chair of the Great Barrier Reef Foundation, Chancellor at       entrepreneurs, where most recently he was chief product
                the University of Sydney and a member of the Reserve Bank of       officer. Prior to this, Steven was the CEO of Outright, an online
                Australia Governance Board.                                        bookkeeping service, which was acquired by GoDaddy. Steven
                                                                                   has also held various senior management roles at Intuit,
                He was CEO of IBM Australia and New Zealand (1999-2001) and        including vice president of strategy and innovation for the small
                Telstra (2009-2015), and has wide experience as a board director   business division. Steven holds a Bachelor of Arts in Physics
                including as a past director of Vodafone Global Group, CSIRO,      from the University of North Carolina and a Master of Business
                CSL, and Telstra.                                                  Administration from Stanford University.
                David has a Bachelor of Arts in Anthropology and English
                from Victoria University of Wellington and completed the
                post-graduate General Management Program at Northwestern
                University’s Kellogg School of Management. He received an
                honorary Doctorate in Science and Technology from Deakin
                University in 2016, an honorary Doctorate of Business from
                University of Technology Sydney in 2018, an honorary Doctorate
                of Business from University of Sydney in 2022 and was                                   Mark Cross
                recognised for his services to business and ethical business                            Non-executive director,
                leadership with an Order of Australia (AO) in 2017.                                     New Zealand

                                                                                   • Independent director since April 2020
                                                                                   • Audit and Risk Committee (Chair)
                                                                                   • People and Remuneration Committee

                                                                                   Mark is an experienced professional director with more than
                                                                                   20 years of international experience in corporate finance
                                                                                   and investment banking. He also currently chairs the boards
                                                                                   of Chorus and Vocus, and is a director of Fisher & Paykel
                                                                                   Healthcare. His recent previous directorships include Milford
                                                                                   Asset Management (chair) and Z Energy.

                                                                                   Mark was at Deutsche Bank for 10 years, initially based in Sydney
                                                                                   in mergers and acquisitions, then in London as a managing
                                                                                   director and co-head of a European M&A industry group. Mark
                                                                                   holds a Bachelor of Business Studies (Accounting & Finance)
                                                                                   from Massey University New Zealand, is a member of Chartered
                                                                                   Accountants Australia and New Zealand, a chartered fellow of
                                                                                   the New Zealand Institute of Directors, and a member of the
                                                                                   Australian Institute of Company Directors.
                                                                                              REFLECTIONS     GOVERNANCE         FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES     23




                                             Anjali Joshi                                                             Dale Murray, CBE
                                             Non-executive director,                                                  Non-executive director,
                                             United States                                                            United Kingdom

                        • Independent director since July 2023                                   • Independent director since April 2018
                        • People and Remuneration Committee                                      • Audit and Risk Committee

                        Anjali is an experienced technology and product leader and               Dale is an experienced non-executive director and former
                        professional director with more than 30 years’ experience                technology entrepreneur and CEO. Dale is currently a non-
                        in engineering and product management. She is currently a                executive director at the Cranemere Group and Jupiter Fund




For personal use only
                        director of LocoNav and Persistent Systems, and was previously           Management, and lead independent director at Lightspeed
                        a director of Alteryx, Lattice Semiconductor, Iteris, Mobileiron,        Commerce. She was formerly a non-executive director and
                        and McClatchy.                                                           trustee for the Peter Jones Foundation, a non-executive director
                                                                                                 at Sussex Place Ventures, LendInvest, and at the Department for
                        Anjali spent 13 years in senior product leadership at Google,
                                                                                                 Business, Innovation & Skills (UK).
                        during which time she was instrumental in building and scaling
                        new products globally across internet, mobile and video                  Dale co-founded and was CEO of mobile pioneer Omega Logic
                        platforms. Prior to joining Google, Anjali held engineering              in 1999, which co-launched prepay top-ups in the UK. She holds
                        leadership roles at Covad Communications and program                     a Master of Business Administration from the London Business
                        management roles at AT&T Bell Labs. Anjali received her                  School, was a Fellow of the College of Chartered Accountants
                        Bachelor of Technology in Electrical Engineering from the Indian         at NZICA and CAANZ until 2021, and served on the Business
                        Institute of Technology, a Master of Computer Engineering from           Taskforce on EU Redtape for the British Prime Minister in 2013.
                        the State University of New York, and a Master of Engineering            Dale was made Commander of the Most Excellent Order of the
                        Management from Stanford University. She was awarded                     British Empire (CBE) by Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II in 2013,
                        the Distinguished Alumna Award from the Indian Institute of              for services to business.
                        Technology.




                                             Brian McAndrews                                                          Susan Peterson
                                             Non-executive director,                                                  Non-executive director,
                                             United States                                                            New Zealand

                        • Independent director since February 2022                               • Independent director since February 2017
                        • People and Remuneration Committee                                      • People and Remuneration Committee (Chair)
                        • Nominations and Governance Committee                                   • Nominations and Governance Committee

                        Brian is an experienced former executive and CEO, having driven          Susan is an experienced non-executive director and business
                        growth and innovation for leading technology, SaaS and cloud-            leader with a particular interest in helping companies to drive
                        based companies, and a professional director. His experience             growth through technology, innovation and organisational
                        includes leading Pandora Media, a streaming music provider               culture. Susan is currently the chair of Kiwibank and Vista Group,
                        in the US, and aQuantive, a digital marketing services and               and an independent director of Mercury.
                        technology company that was acquired by Microsoft.
                                                                                                 Susan is also a board member of Craigs Investment Partners
                        Brian is currently lead director of Frontdoor, the largest provider      and was previously a member of the New Zealand Markets
                        of home service plans in the United States, and is a director on         Disciplinary Tribunal. Susan is a past director of Arvida Group,
                        the board of The New York Times. He is a director of The Wine            ASB Bank and Trustpower, and a past ministerial appointee to
                        Group and USA Climbing and senior advisor to Spectrum Equity.            the National Advisory Council on the Employment of Women.
                        He was previously a director of Chewy and Teladoc Health, and            Susan holds a Bachelor of Commerce and Bachelor of Laws from
                        chairman of Grubhub.                                                     the University of Otago.

                        Brian has been included in the National Association of Corporate
                        Directors Directorship 100, which recognises the most influential
                        board members. He holds a Bachelor of Arts with Honors in
                        Economics from Harvard College and a Master of Business
                        Administration from the Stanford Graduate School of Business.
                        24 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                        Our Performance
                        You should read the following commentary in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the related notes in this
                        report.

                        Non-GAAP measures have been included as Xero considers they provide useful information for readers to assist in understanding
                        Xero’s financial performance, and they are used when management measures performance. Non-GAAP financial measures
                        should not be viewed in isolation or considered as substitutes for measures reported in accordance with New Zealand equivalents
                        to International Financial Reporting Standards (NZ IFRS). Non-GAAP financial measures do not have a standardised meaning
                        prescribed by NZ IFRS or Generally Accepted Accounting Practice (GAAP), and therefore may not be comparable to similar financial




For personal use only
                        information presented by other entities. Xero’s non-GAAP financial information has not been subject to audit or review.


                        BUSINESS RESULTS1
                                                                                                                                       2026                         2025
                         Year ended 31 March                                                                                        ($000s)                      ($000s)            CHANGE

                         Subscription revenue                                                                                  2,377,662                     1,978,184                   20%
                         Other operating revenue                                                                                  375,419                      124,468              202%
                         Total operating revenue                                                                               2,753,081                    2,102,652                    31%
                         Cost of revenue                                                                                        (444,460)                    (230,402)                   93%
                         Gross profit                                                                                          2,308,621                    1,872,250                    23%
                         Gross margin percentage                                                                                   83.9%                        89.0%              -5.1pp*
                         Sales and marketing                                                                                    (828,536)                    (663,708)                   25%
                         Product design and development                                                                          (764,491)                    (617,801)                  24%
                         General and administration                                                                             (348,873)                    (226,840)                   54%
                         Acquisition-related costs                                                                               (50,600)                        (1,258)             NM**
                         Total operating expenses                                                                             (1,992,500)                  (1,509,607)                   32%
                         Percentage of operating revenue                                                                           72.4%                         71.8%              0.6pp
                         Percentage of operating revenue (excluding acquisition-related costs)                                     70.5%                         71.7%              -1.2pp
                         Operating income                                                                                         316,121                     362,643                -13%
                         Other income and expenses                                                                                92,946                        (3,900)                  NM
                         Operating profit before asset impairments and disposals                                                 409,067                      358,743                    14%
                         Asset impairments and disposals                                                                            (2,316)                     (3,037)              -24%
                         Earnings before interest and tax                                                                        406,751                      355,706                    14%
                         Percentage of operating revenue                                                                            14.8%                        16.9%              -2.1pp
                         Net finance income/(expense)                                                                             (67,015)                       6,958                   NM
                         Income tax expense                                                                                      (172,316)                    (134,847)                  28%
                         Net profit                                                                                               167,420                      227,817               -27%
                         Percentage of operating revenue                                                                             6.1%                        10.8%             -4.7pp
                        * pp stands for percentage point
                        ** NM stands for not meaningful
                        Xero delivered strong operating results in FY26, with revenue growth of 31% compared to FY25, resulting in total operating revenue
                        of $2.8 billion. On an organic basis (ie, excluding revenue from the acquisition of Melio), operating revenue grew 21% (19% on a
                        constant currency basis). The strong headline revenue growth and continued free cash flow generation resulted in a reported Rule
                        of 402 outcome of 48.5%. On a pro-forma basis the Rule of 40 outcome was 36.0%. This metric demonstrates a full-period impact of
                        the Melio acquisition.

                        1. Results include the contribution of Melio from acquisition on 15 October 2025. Further details on the impact to each category are provided in the relevant
                            sections in this report
                        2. Rule of 40 is defined as the sum of annual revenue growth percentage in constant currency and free cash flow margin percentage (free cash flow as a
                            percentage of revenue)
                                                                                            REFLECTIONS       GOVERNANCE        FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES      25




                        Xero delivered strong revenue growth across its three largest markets (Australia, the United Kingdom and the United States) as a
                        result of both customer growth and higher average revenue per customer (ARPC). The US also benefited from the addition of Melio
                        operating revenue of $205.0 million. In FY26, total customers grew 11%, resulting in the addition of 506,000 net customers, bringing
                        total customers to 4.9 million. Constant currency ARPC growth of 18% (23% nominal) was driven by price changes to reflect
                        increased product value, along with continued payments growth.

                        In FY26, gross margin decreased 5.1 percentage points, from 89.0% in FY25 to 83.9% in FY26. This decrease largely reflected the
                        incorporation of the Melio business, which as a payments business, has a different gross margin profile to Xero (refer to Gross Profit
                        on page 31 for more details).

                        Excluding acquisition-related costs, operating expenses as a percentage of revenue were 70.5% for FY26 (72.4% including
                        acquisition costs). On a headline basis, operating income decreased 13% compared to FY25. Adjusting for acquisition-related costs,
                        operating income was broadly flat, and on an organic basis operating income increased 18%.

                        EBITDA increased 24% from $638.5 million in FY25 to $789.5 million in FY26; however, this was impacted by one-off non-
                        operational items. Adjusted EBITDA, which excludes these impacts and provides a better view of operational performance,
                        increased 18% from $641.8 million in FY25 to $757.4 million in FY26. This growth was impacted by the incorporation of Melio, which




For personal use only
                        is a loss-making business. Adjusted EBITDA growth on an organic basis was 30%, reflecting our strong operating leverage.

                        In FY26, Xero recorded a net finance expense of $67.0 million compared to net finance income of $7.0 million in FY25. This
                        movement was mainly driven by the shift to a net debt position following the acquisition of Melio, which resulted in higher bank
                        debt interest on borrowings, in addition to non-cash revaluation impacts from Xero’s existing convertible notes.

                        Cash receipts from customers grew 31% from the comparative period, in line with revenue growth. Free cash flow improved 9%,
                        increasing to $554.0 million in FY26.

                        Xero’s effective tax rate for FY26 was 50.7%, 13.5 percentage points higher than FY25, and resulted in an increase in income tax
                        expense of $37.5 million to $172.3 million. The higher effective tax rate reflected that no tax benefit was recognised on Melio
                        operating losses, as well as the non-tax deductibility of other items, including Melio acquisition costs and non-cash convertible
                        note revaluations in FY26.

                        After tax, Xero recognised a 27% decrease in net profit to $167.4 million, compared to $227.8 million in FY25, resulting in a net profit
                        margin of 6.1%. This was heavily impacted by a $111.7 million net loss from Melio. Excluding Melio’s results, underlying net profit
                        after tax grew 23% to $279.1 million.


                        EARNINGS BEFORE INTEREST, TAX, DEPRECIATION AND AMORTISATION (EBITDA)
                        EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA disclosures (which are non-GAAP financial measures) have been included as Xero believes they
                        provide useful information for readers in understanding Xero’s financial performance. EBITDA is calculated by adding back net
                        finance expense, depreciation and amortisation, and income tax expense to net profit.

                        Adjusted EBITDA is calculated by adding back certain non-cash, revaluation and one-off costs to EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA
                        (excluding share-based payments) is calculated by adding back share-based payments to adjusted EBITDA.


                                                                                                                    2026                    2025
                         Year ended 31 March                                                                     ($000s)                 ($000s)         CHANGE

                         Net profit                                                                            167,420                 227,817           -27%
                         Add back: net finance (income)/expense                                                 67,015                  (6,958)             NM
                         Add back: depreciation and amortisation                                               382,772                 282,760            35%
                         Add back: income tax expense                                                           172,316                134,847            28%
                         EBITDA                                                                                789,523                638,466             24%
                         EBITDA margin                                                                           28.7%                  30.4%            -1.7pp
                         Add back: acquisition-related costs                                                    50,600                   1,258              NM
                         Add back: revaluation on acquisition financing                                        (90,507)                        -            NM
                         Add back: foreign currency revaluations of financing activities                         7,690                         -            NM
                         Add back: non-cash revaluations                                                            46                   2,090           -98%
                         Adjusted EBITDA                                                                       757,352                 641,814            18%
                         Adjusted EBITDA margin                                                                  27.5%                  30.5%           -3.0pp
                         Add back: share-based payments                                                        240,085                 151,878            58%
                         Adjusted EBITDA (excluding share-based payments)                                      997,437                 793,692            26%
                         Adjusted EBITDA margin (excluding share-based payments)                                36.2%                    37.7%           -1.5pp
                        26 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                        EBITDA increased $151.1 million, or 24%, compared to FY25, reaching $789.5 million. The EBITDA margin declined 1.7 percentage
                        points, from 30.4% to 28.7%. This figure included two one-off impacts from the Melio acquisition: $50.6 million in transaction costs
                        and a $90.5 million foreign exchange gain on US dollar funds held for acquisition purposes.

                        Adjusted EBITDA (which excludes these one-off impacts) increased 18%, or $115.5 million, compared to FY25. The adjusted EBITDA
                        margin declined 3.0 percentage points, from 30.5% in FY25 to 27.5% in FY26. This largely reflects the margin impact from the
                        inclusion of the Melio business, which currently generates EBITDA losses. Excluding the inorganic impact of incorporating Melio,
                        adjusted EBITDA growth was 30%, and adjusted EBITDA margin was 32.7%.

                        Share-based payments had a $240.1 million impact on adjusted EBITDA, an increase from $151.9 million in FY25. After removing this
                        non-cash expense, adjusted EBITDA (excluding share-based payments) increased 26% to $997.4 million. The rise in share-based
                        payments is attributable to the combined impact of executive option and sign-on equity grants and Xero’s focus on attracting
                        leading global SaaS talent.


                        CASH FLOWS AND LIQUIDITY
                        Free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure that is included to demonstrate net cash generated by, and invested into, the




For personal use only
                        business. Xero defines free cash flow as cash flows generated from operating activities less cash flows used for investing activities,
                        excluding cash used for acquisitions of, and investments in, businesses and strategic assets. Free cash flow also excludes any cash
                        flows obtained from divestment of businesses and strategic assets.


                                                                                                                     2026                    2025
                         Year ended 31 March                                                                      ($000s)                 ($000s)         CHANGE

                         Receipts from customers                                                              2,760,818                2,108,742              31%
                         Net interest received                                                                   77,506                  70,265               10%
                         Income tax paid                                                                       (139,937)                (58,589)              139%
                         Other operating cash flows                                                           (1,765,240)             (1,308,748)             35%
                         Total cash flows from operating activities                                             933,147                 811,670               15%
                         Investing activities                                                                 (4,318,725)               (403,179)              NM
                         Add back: acquisitions and investments                                               3,939,621                  98,254                NM
                         Free cash flow                                                                        554,043                  506,745                9%
                         Free cash flow margin                                                                    20.1%                   24.1%          -4.0pp
                         Rule of 40                                                                              48.5%                   44.3%            4.2pp

                        Free cash flow increased $47.3 million, from $506.7 million in FY25 to $554.0 million in FY26. Operating revenue growth outpacing
                        free cash flow growth contributed to a 4.0 percentage point decrease in free cash flow margin to 20.1% in FY26, from 24.1% in FY25.
                        Adjusted for Melio, organic free cash flow was $639.7 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 26%, or $133.0 million.

                        Xero excludes acquisition and investment-related items from the calculation of free cash flow. Excluded items for FY26 include
                        the investment and costs associated with the Melio acquisition. In the prior year, these relate to the Syft Analytics acquisition
                        ($51.9 million), investment in Deputy ($42.1 million) and Tickstar earnout payments ($4.3 million).

                        Cash flows from operating activities increased $121.5 million, or 15%, to $933.1 million. The improvement was driven by receipts
                        from customers, which increased $652.1 million, or 31%, consistent with operating revenue growth. Operating cash flows were
                        further supported by an increase in net interest received of $7.2 million, or 10%, reflecting higher cash balances held during the
                        year from funds raised for the acquisition of Melio. These inflows were offset by a $456.5 million, or 35%, increase in other operating
                        cash flows. This increase almost entirely relates to an increase in payments to suppliers and employees, reflecting an increase in
                        full-time equivalent (FTE) employees (inclusive of Melio staff) and inclusion of Melio operating cash flows.

                        Income tax paid of $139.9 million also offset cash flows from operating activities. This increase of $81.3 million follows the full
                        utilisation of historic tax losses in New Zealand in FY26.

                        Cash flows for investing activities increased $3.9 billion from FY25, driven predominantly by the acquisition of Melio,3 completed in
                        October 2025. Excluding acquisition cash flows in FY26 and FY25, investing activities increased 24.3% or $74.2 million from FY25,
                        largely reflecting a $133.0 million increase in capitalised development costs and a reduction in cash flow impacts from property,
                        plant and equipment.

                        Total available liquidity (defined as cash and cash equivalents, and short-term deposits) fell from $2.3 billion at 31 March 2025 to
                        $1.9 billion at 31 March 2026, driven by cash deployed in the acquisition of Melio, partially offset by proceeds from the associated
                        capital raise, utilisation of loan facilities and free cash flow generation.


                        3. Net of cash acquired
                                                                                          REFLECTIONS      GOVERNANCE        FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES        27




                        Reported free cash flow margin for FY26 was 20.1%, resulting in a Rule of 40 outcome of 48.5%. On a pro-forma basis, the Rule of
                        40 outcome was 36.0%. This metric demonstrates a full-period impact of the Melio acquisition, for further details on the basis of
                        calculation, refer to the FY26 Investor Presentation.


                        OPERATING REVENUE
                        Subscription revenue comprises recurring fees from customers to Xero’s cloud-based platform, products and services. Within a
                        subscription, customers also receive support services and product updates.

                        Total operating revenue includes subscription revenue as well as revenue from other related services, including revenue share
                        agreements with financial services providers, payments revenue, software licences, and conference and event revenue.

                        Constant currency operating revenue growth (a non-GAAP financial measure) is provided to assist readers in understanding and
                        assessing Xero’s financial performance, excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and hedging. Constant currency
                        operating revenue growth is calculated by translating operating revenue for FY26 at the average foreign exchange rates for FY25,




For personal use only
                        excluding the impact of hedging.


                                                                                              2026                   2025                            CHANGE IN
                         Year ended 31 March                                               ($000s)                ($000s)         CHANGE    CONSTANT CURRENCY

                         Subscription revenue                                          2,377,662               1,978,184           20%                   17%
                         Other operating revenue                                         375,419                 124,468          202%                  202%
                         Total operating revenue                                       2,753,081               2,102,652            31%                 28%

                        Total operating revenue grew 31%, or $650.4 million, to $2.8 billion in FY26. This included the inorganic benefit of the Melio
                        acquisition; excluding this, growth was 21% or 19% in constant currency. This was driven by higher subscription revenue alongside
                        continued payments revenue growth. The comparatively weaker New Zealand Dollar (NZD) against the Australian Dollar (AUD) and
                        Great British Pound (GBP) had a favourable impact on reported revenue.

                        Subscription revenue increased $399.5 million, or 20% (17% in constant currency), to $2.4 billion in FY26. This was driven by
                        customer growth of 11%, positive customer mix, and price increases as we continued to add value to our product offering through
                        new features and capability improvements.

                        Other operating revenue increased $251.0 million compared to FY25. Other operating revenue largely comprises payments revenue,
                        which significantly increased due to the acquisition of Melio, which contributed $205.0 million. Excluding revenue from Melio, other
                        operating revenue increased 37% (36% in constant currency) or $46.0 million. This was primarily due to strong invoice revenue
                        driven by continued total payment volume (TPV) growth from the adoption of Xero invoice payments products across our three
                        largest markets, alongside improved unit economics. Excluding the impact of Xerocon (two events held in FY25 versus one event in
                        FY26), organic other operating revenue increased 40%.


                        OPERATING REVENUE BY GEOGRAPHY
                        In FY26, we updated our regional disclosures to present the United States separately (which includes revenue generated by Melio).
                        Canada, which was previously reported under North America, is now included within the Rest of World category. Prior periods have
                        been restated for this change.


                                                                                              2026                   2025                            CHANGE IN
                         Year ended 31 March                                               ($000s)                ($000s)         CHANGE    CONSTANT CURRENCY

                         Australia                                                      1,148,379               955,239            20%                   19%
                         New Zealand                                                     243,582                 221,789           10%                   10%
                         Australia and New Zealand (ANZ) total                          1,391,961              1,177,028            18%                  17%
                         United Kingdom                                                  726,798                578,037            26%                   21%
                         United States                                                   331,677                 97,638           240%                 240%
                         Rest of World                                                   302,645                249,949             21%                  17%
                         International total                                            1,361,120               925,624            47%                  42%
                         Total operating revenue                                       2,753,081               2,102,652            31%                 28%

                        ANZ — Operating revenue increased $215.0 million, or 18% (17% in constant currency), compared to FY25. This reflected a good
                        balance of customer and ARPC growth of 7% and 17% (9% in constant currency) respectively. The ANZ segment contributed 51% of
                        total company operating revenue, a 5.4 percentage point decrease from FY25. This decrease reflects the inorganic impact of Melio’s
                        addition to the International segment.
                        28 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                        Australia’s operating revenue increased $193.1 million, or 20%, in FY26. This increase was driven by robust customer growth, invoice
                        payments growth and price changes. The comparatively weaker NZD against the AUD had a small favourable impact on reported
                        revenue, with constant currency revenue growth of 19% in FY26. The lower impact of FX changes on revenue compared to ARPC is
                        due to ARPC headline growth reflecting end-of-year spot FX rates, rather than average rates over the period.

                        New Zealand’s operating revenue increased $21.8 million, or 10%, compared to FY25. This was driven by customer growth of 3% and
                        price changes, reflecting the continued value uplift in our products.

                        International — Operating revenue grew $435.5 million, or 47% (42% in constant currency), compared to FY25. This included
                        the incorporation of Melio, which contributed $205.0 million. Excluding this inorganic benefit, revenue growth was 25% (20% in
                        constant currency). This organic expansion reflects strong customer growth across our 3x3 regions, alongside continued ARPC
                        expansion. The International segment contributed 49% of total operating revenue, a 5.4 percentage point increase from FY25,
                        largely due to the addition of the Melio business in FY26.

                        UK operating revenue grew $148.8 million, or 26% (21% in constant currency). This strong growth momentum reflected continued
                        execution in our target segments, alongside customer acquisition gains related to early adopters of Making Tax Digital (MTD) for
                        Income Tax.




For personal use only
                        US operating revenue grew $234.0 million, largely driven by the acquisition of Melio, which is reported in this region. Excluding the
                        impact of Melio, organic growth accelerated to 30% (29% in constant currency), compared to FY25. This reflects strong customer
                        growth alongside ARPC expansion from both higher prices and deeper adoption of our payments offerings. Melio’s contribution to
                        US operating revenue was very strong, growing 50% on a pro-forma basis (see the FY26 Investor Presentation for further details).
                        This reflects Xero BillPay TPV growth to $33.9 billion, up 7%, alongside continued take rate expansion and improved syndication
                        revenue growth to $146 million.

                        Operating revenue in our Rest of World markets increased 21% from FY25 (17% in constant currency). This growth was supported
                        by strong customer growth of 12%. South Africa represented the largest contribution, followed by Canada, which is now reported
                        within this segment.

                        Total group operating revenue by geography


                               $3.0b




                               $2.5b




                               $2.0b




                               $1.5b




                               $1.0b




                               $0.5b




                                   0
                                            FY22                   FY23                   FY24                   FY25                   FY26



                                          Australia       New Zealand          United Kingdom           United States          Rest of World
                                                                                          REFLECTIONS      GOVERNANCE         FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES       29




                        CUSTOMER NUMBERS
                        Customers include Xero customers and Melio direct payments customers. A Xero customer means each unique subscription to
                        a Xero-offered product that is purchased by a customer (eg, small business owner or accounting partner), and which is, or is
                        available to be, deployed in supporting an underlying entity (eg, a business or trust). Customers that have multiple subscriptions
                        to integrated products on the Xero platform are counted as a single customer. The Melio direct payments customer number is a
                        Quarterly Active Customer metric, defined as a user that was monetised during that period by either making a payment and/or
                        paying subscription fees during the final quarter of the reporting period. Melio’s direct payments customer metric does not include
                        any customers associated with syndication partnerships, as these are third-party relationships.

                        In FY26, we updated our regional disclosures to present the United States separately, reflecting the greater size and importance of
                        this region. Canada, which was previously reported under North America, is now included within the Rest of World category. The US
                        category includes the total number of both Xero customers and Melio’s direct payments customers.

                        In H1 FY25, we completed a program to remove long idle subscriptions. Long idle subscriptions were those that had been
                        undeployed for more than 24 months and were not expected to be deployed within a reasonable timeframe. The removal of these
                        impacted customer growth rates and net customer additions for FY25. See page 34 of Xero’s FY25 Annual Report for further details.




For personal use only
                        Net new customer additions for FY25 disclosed below exclude the removal of these long idle customers.


                         At 31 March                                                                             2026                   2025            CHANGE

                         Australia                                                                         2,101,000              1,936,000               9%
                         New Zealand                                                                        650,000                 629,000               3%
                         Australia and New Zealand (ANZ) total                                             2,751,000              2,565,000               7%
                         United Kingdom                                                                    1,319,000               1,153,000             14%
                         United States                                                                      424,000                 314,000              35%
                         Rest of World                                                                      426,000                 382,000              12%
                         International total                                                               2,169,000              1,849,000              17%
                         Total paying customers                                                           4,920,000               4,414,000               11%

                        Xero Group — Total customers reached 4.9 million as at 31 March 2026, with 506,000 net customers added during the year
                        (454,000 excluding acquired Melio customers), up from 414,000 added in the prior period. This total includes 52,000 customers
                        acquired from the acquisition of Melio.

                        ANZ — Total customers increased to 2.8 million as at 31 March 2026, with 186,000 net new customers added in the 12-month
                        period, compared to 208,000 in the year ended 31 March 2025.

                        Australia remains the primary growth driver across the segment, with 165,000 net customers to reach a total of 2.1 million. Growth
                        reflected a continued focus on supporting accounting and bookkeeping partners, alongside increased investment in our direct go-
                        to-market channels as we increased our focus on driving improved customer mix.

                        New Zealand added 21,000 net new customers, bringing total customers for the region to 650,000, reflecting continued growth
                        despite the depth of cloud accounting penetration in our heritage market.

                        International — Total customers reached 2.2 million as at 31 March 2026, with 268,000 net new customers (excluding acquired
                        Melio customers) added in the year, compared to 206,000 in the previous 12 months.

                        The UK added 166,000 net new customers in the year ended 31 March 2026, compared to 128,000 in FY25, reaching a total of
                        1.3 million. Growth largely reflects continued cloud accounting adoption, alongside an initial flow-through of early adopters
                        ahead of the UK MTD for Income Tax Phase 1 deadline.

                        The US added 58,000 net new customers (excluding acquired Melio customers) compared to 42,000 in FY25. Total customers were
                        424,000 (including 52,000 Melio direct payments customers acquired in H2 FY26). The acceleration in growth reflected disciplined
                        go-to-market execution in our target segments, strong performance marketing outcomes in our direct channel and improving
                        product market fit.

                        Rest of World markets added 44,000 net new customers during the year, to reach a total of 426,000 customers. South Africa
                        remained the primary contributor to regional growth, leveraging a strong position in a market with comparatively low cloud
                        accounting penetration.
                        30 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                        Net customer additions




                              FY26                                                                      FY25
                              Region (% of total
                              net additions) 4
                                                                          454k                          Region (% of total
                                                                                                        net additions)5
                                                                                                                                   414k
                                   Australia (36%)                                                          Australia (44%)
                                   New Zealand (5%)                                                         New Zealand (6%)
                                   United Kingdom (37%)                                                     United Kingdom (31%)
                                   United States (13%)                                                      United States (10%)




For personal use only
                                   Rest of World (9%)                                                       Rest of World (9%)




                        Regional customers at 31 March 20266




                              Australia                                                                 New Zealand

                              2,101,000                                                                 650,000
                              2025 | 1,936,000                                                          2025 | 629,000




                              United Kingdom                                                            United States

                              1,319,000                                                                 424,000
                              2025 | 1,153,000                                                          2025 | 314,000




                        4. Excluding 52,000 customers added upon acquisition of Melio
                        5. Excluding removal of long idle subscriptions
                        6. Rest of World customers at 31 March 2026: 426,000 (31 March 2025: 382,000)
                                                                                          REFLECTIONS       GOVERNANCE        FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES           31




                        ANNUALISED MONTHLY RECURRING REVENUE
                        Annualised monthly recurring revenue (AMRR) is a non-GAAP financial measure that provides a 12-month forward view of revenue
                        from customers, assuming short-term promotions have ended and other factors such as customer numbers, transaction volumes,
                        pricing and foreign exchange remain unchanged during the year. For subscription revenue, this is calculated as recurring revenue
                        at 31 March multiplied by 12. Melio AMRR is calculated by multiplying direct payments revenue for the final quarter by 4 and
                        excludes Melio’s syndication payments revenue.

                        Constant currency AMRR (also a non-GAAP financial measure) is calculated by translating AMRR at 31 March 2026 at the foreign
                        exchange rates at 31 March 2025 for Xero, and at the average for the quarter ended 31 March 2025 for Melio revenue. It is provided
                        to assist in understanding and assessing year-on-year growth rates, excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations. This
                        differs from the constant currency calculations for profit and loss measures, which are translated at the average foreign exchange
                        rates for FY25.


                                                                                              2026                     2025                              CHANGE IN
                         At 31 March                                                       ($000s)                  ($000s)       CHANGE        CONSTANT CURRENCY




For personal use only
                         ANZ                                                            1,614,056              1,282,309            26%                      17%
                         International                                                  1,659,003               1,105,454           50%                     48%
                         Total                                                         3,273,059               2,387,763            37%                      31%

                        Total Group — AMRR increased 37% (31% in constant currency), or $885.3 million, to $3.27 billion. Excluding Melio, AMRR grew
                        25% (20% in constant currency) or $603.9 million to $2.99 billion as at 31 March 2026. This was driven by organic customer growth
                        of 10% and ARPC expansion of 14% (8% in constant currency). AMRR growth in nominal terms benefited from favourable foreign
                        exchange movements against trading currencies in our key markets. On a constant currency basis, ARPC benefited from strong
                        payments growth (including from the Melio acquisition), price rises and mix.

                        ANZ — AMRR increased 26% (17% in constant currency), or $331.7 million, to $1.61 billion in FY26. The difference between headline
                        and constant currency is entirely due to the weakening of the NZD compared to the AUD. This performance was mainly driven by
                        continued customer growth and price changes, along with platform revenue growth such as Xero payments.

                        International — AMRR grew 50% (48% in constant currency), or $553.5 million, to $1.66 billion compared to FY25. AMRR
                        improvement reflects strong platform revenue growth in each region, along with the impact of price changes and addition of Melio
                        revenue. Excluding Melio, AMRR grew 25% (22% in constant currency), or $272.2 million, to $1.38 billion compared to FY25.


                        GROSS PROFIT
                        Gross profit represents operating revenue less cost of revenue. Cost of revenue consists of expenses directly associated with hosting
                        Xero’s services, sourcing relevant data from financial institutions, and providing support to customers. For Melio, this includes
                        expenses directly attributable to payment processing (bank, network and card processing fees, international payment provider
                        charges, cheque production and delivery costs, and similar transaction processing expenses) alongside technology hosting costs
                        and providing customer support.

                        The nature of these costs includes hosting costs, bank feed costs, personnel and related expenses (including salaries, benefits,
                        bonuses, and share-based payments) directly associated with cloud infrastructure and customer support, contracted third-party
                        vendor costs, related depreciation and amortisation, and allocated overheads.


                                                                                                                  2026                   2025
                         Year ended 31 March                                                                   ($000s)                ($000s)              CHANGE

                         Operating revenue                                                                  2,753,081              2,102,652                 31%
                         Cost of revenue                                                                    (444,460)               (230,402)               93%
                         Gross profit                                                                      2,308,621               1,872,250                 23%
                         Gross margin percentage                                                              83.9%                   89.0%                -5.1pp

                        Gross profit grew 23%, or $436.4 million, to $2.3 billion in FY26. This was driven by a 31% growth in operating revenue stemming
                        from a 11% increase in global customers, continued ARPC expansion and the addition of Melio revenue. Cost of revenue grew 93%,
                        predominantly due to the acquisition of Melio. Melio’s cost of sales is structurally higher than Xero’s core subscription business
                        because it operates a payments-led, transaction-based model where a higher portion of revenue is subject to pass-through bank,
                        card network and other partner fees. This contributed to gross margin contracting 5.1 percentage points, dropping from 89.0% to
                        83.9% in FY26. Excluding the mix effect from the incorporation of the Melio business, gross margin remained at 89.0%, consistent
                        with FY25.
                        32 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                        SALES AND MARKETING
                        Sales and marketing expenses consist of personnel and related expenses (including salaries, benefits, bonuses, the amortisation
                        of capitalised commission costs, and share-based payments) directly associated with the sales and marketing teams, and the
                        cost of educating and onboarding both partners and small business customers. Costs also include relationship management
                        costs incurred to support the existing customer base. Other costs included are external advertising costs, marketing costs, and
                        promotional event costs, as well as allocated overheads.


                                                                                                                  2026                   2025
                         Year ended 31 March                                                                   ($000s)                ($000s)        CHANGE

                         Sales and marketing expenses                                                       828,536                 663,708            25%
                         Percentage of operating revenue                                                       30.1%                  31.6%          -1.5pp

                        Sales and marketing costs include:

                         • Costs incurred to acquire new customers and invest in Xero’s brand to attract future customers




For personal use only
                         • Costs associated with upselling and cross-selling to existing customers

                         • Initiatives to educate existing customers to encourage retention

                        These costs are expensed in the period. This is in contrast to the associated revenue from those customers, which is recognised
                        over the lifetime of the customer.

                        Sales and marketing costs increased 25% to $828.5 million for FY26, slightly lower than operating revenue growth of 31%. On an
                        organic basis, growth was 17%, reflecting investment in performance marketing within our digital channels, incremental investment
                        in brand and continued build-out of our internal capabilities across our go-to-market functions. These increases were partly offset
                        by lower Xerocon costs, with one Xerocon in FY26 compared to two Xerocons in FY25.

                        Sales and marketing costs as a proportion of operating revenue decreased 1.5 percentage points to 30.1% in FY26, reflecting
                        improved efficiencies and a mix effect from the incorporation of Melio, which has proportionally lower spend to operating revenue.
                        Excluding Xerocon, as a proportion of operating revenue, sales and marketing costs decreased 1.0 percentage point from 30.8% in
                        FY25 to 29.8% in FY26.

                        The average cost of acquiring a customer was $735 per gross customer added in the 12 months ended 31 March 2026 (excluding
                        Melio), compared to $717 in the 12 months ended 31 March 2025. This increase is a direct result of Xero’s focus on enhancing the
                        value derived from each new customer, primarily through an improved product mix.
                                                                                            REFLECTIONS       GOVERNANCE               FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES   33




                        PRODUCT DESIGN AND DEVELOPMENT
                        Product design and development costs consist primarily of personnel and related expenses (including salaries, benefits, bonuses,
                        and share-based payments) directly associated with product design and development teams, teams building and enhancing the
                        platform and related infrastructure, as well as allocated overheads.

                        The proportion of product design and development expenses that create a benefit in future years, and meets certain requirements
                        under NZ IFRS, is capitalised as an intangible asset and is then amortised to the Income Statement over the estimated life of the
                        asset created. The amount amortised relating to the Xero product and platform is included as a product design and development
                        expense.


                                                                                                                                2026                  2025
                         Year ended 31 March                                                                                 ($000s)               ($000s)   CHANGE

                         Total product design and development costs (including amounts capitalised)                        928,584              713,328       30%
                         Percentage of operating revenue                                                                    33.7%                 33.9%      -0.2pp




For personal use only
                         Less: capitalised development costs                                                           (430,043)               (299,527)      44%
                         Product design and development expense (excluding amortisation of amounts
                         capitalised)                                                                                      498,541              413,801       20%
                         Less: government grants                                                                             (1,217)              (1,970)     -38%
                         Add: amortisation of capitalised development costs                                                267,167              205,970       30%
                         Product design and development expenses                                                           764,491               617,801       24%
                         Percentage of operating revenue                                                                    27.8%                 29.4%      -1.6pp

                        Total gross product design and development costs, including amounts capitalised, were $928.6 million for FY26. This included
                        $89.8 million additional costs from Melio. This represents an increase of 30% or $215.3 million from FY25 (18% on an organic
                        basis). As a percentage of operating revenue, this investment decreased 0.2 percentage points to 33.7%, reflecting emerging
                        efficiencies from AI adoption, partly offset by a mix headwind from the incorporation of Melio. Our product and technology teams
                        continued to support high product velocity and release cadence across multiple areas. A particular focus in FY26 was placed on
                        the development and delivery of AI functionality. This included the evolution of Just Ask Xero (JAX) into an AI financial superagent
                        capable of automating bank reconciliations, surfacing real-time performance insights, and collaborations with partners such as
                        Anthropic and OpenAI.

                        FY26 capitalised development costs reached $430.0 million, representing a capitalisation rate of 46.3% compared to 42.0% in
                        FY25. This 4.3 percentage point increase reflected the accelerated delivery of product capabilities in line with Xero’s Win the 3x3
                        strategy, along with the impact of incorporating Melio, which has a higher capitalisation rate than the existing Xero business. The
                        majority of product capability deliveries occurred in H1 FY26, over which the capitalisation rate was higher at 47.4%.

                        Amortisation of previously capitalised product design and development expenditure, a non-cash expense, rose 30% to
                        $267.2 million. This growth largely reflects the scale of earlier investment cycles. This includes $12.3 million of amortisation
                        relating to Melio’s capitalised product expenditure. After accounting for amortisation and government grants, net product
                        design and development expenses increased 24%, or $146.7 million, to $764.5 million.


                        GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATION
                        General and administration expenses consist of personnel and related expenses (including salaries, benefits, bonuses, and
                        share-based payments) for executive, finance, billing, legal, human resources, corporate communications, strategy, and corporate
                        development employees, as well as the Xero Board. It also includes legal, accounting, and other professional services fees,
                        insurance premiums, other corporate expenses, and allocated overheads.


                                                                                                                    2026                         2025
                         Year ended 31 March                                                                     ($000s)                      ($000s)        CHANGE

                         General and administration expenses                                                   348,873                      226,840            54%
                         Percentage of operating revenue                                                         12.7%                        10.8%           1.9pp

                        General and administrative expenses were $348.9 million, an increase of $122.0 million, or 54%, compared to FY25. This increase
                        can be attributed to Melio’s proportionally higher general and administrative expenses. The increase was also due to elevated
                        executive personnel expenses, primarily reflecting the one-off accounting impact of option grants and sign-on bonuses announced
                        late in FY25 (which resulted in a larger financial impact in FY26). As a result, general and administration expenses as a proportion of
                        operating revenue grew 1.9 percentage points to 12.7% in FY26.
                        34 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                        EMPLOYEES

                         At 31 March                                                                               2026                   2025             CHANGE

                         Total Group                                                                              5,114                  4,610               11%

                        Full-time equivalent (FTE) employees increased by 504, or 11%, compared to FY25. This growth includes 578 additional FTEs
                        following the Melio acquisition in H2 FY26. Without the addition of Melio, employee numbers contracted slightly, reflecting
                        disciplined capital allocation and a focus on efficiency.


                        NET FINANCE INCOME/EXPENSE

                                                                                                                   2026                    2025
                         Year ended 31 March                                                                    ($000s)                 ($000s)            CHANGE




For personal use only
                         Interest income on cash and deposits                                                  106,921                100,328                7%
                         Gain on repurchase of convertible note                                                       -                 36,105               NM
                         Finance lease interest income                                                              96                     55               75%
                         Total finance income                                                                  107,017                136,488              -22%


                         Amortisation of discount and debt issuance costs                                      (58,369)                (51,201)             14%
                         Lease liability interest                                                                (7,913)                (7,547)              5%
                         Derivative revaluation loss                                                           (57,470)                (29,886)             92%
                         Interest on convertible note                                                          (25,599)                (20,380)             26%
                         Unwind of contingent consideration                                                     (3,722)                   (352)              NM
                         Loan commitment revaluation loss                                                                 -             (9,494)              NM
                         Amortisation of bank facility fees                                                       (725)                           -          NM
                         Interest on syndicated facilities                                                      (17,129)                          -          NM
                         Other finance expense                                                                  (3,105)                (10,670)             -71%
                         Total finance expense                                                                (174,032)               (129,530)             34%
                         Net finance income                                                                    (67,015)                 6,958                NM

                        Finance income decreased $29.5 million to $107.0 million in FY26. The decrease was driven by the one-off $36.1 million gain on the
                        repurchase of convertible notes recognised in FY25. This was partially offset by higher interest income from the funds raised to
                        finance the acquisition of Melio in October 2025, which primarily benefited interest income on cash and deposits in the first half of
                        FY26.

                        Finance expenses of $174.0 million increased by $44.5 million. This was driven by an increase in derivative revaluation losses
                        of $27.6 million associated with the 2031 convertible notes and $17.1 million from interest on syndicated facilities to fund the
                        acquisition of Melio.

                        The FY26 derivative revaluation loss of $57.5 million reflects the net impact of mark-to-market revaluations of the 2031 convertible
                        notes derivative and related call option derivative. Revaluations mainly result from external macro-economic conditions, including
                        market interest and exchange rate fluctuations. These items are non-cash in nature and are not tax effected.

                        Interest on syndicated facilities were $17.1 million in FY26 as a result of drawing down on debt facilities made available to Xero to
                        fund the acquisition of Melio. Total funding made available across two facilities was US$400 million with three and five-year terms.

                        Amortisation of discount and debt issuance costs increased $7.2 million, or 14%, from FY25, driven by a larger convertible note
                        value following the convertible notes refinancing in June 2024. The refinanced convertible notes also contain a cash coupon cost at
                        an interest rate of 1.625%, resulting in a $5.2 million increase in convertible note interest expense in FY26.

                        Other finance expenses decreased $7.6 million in FY26, due to financing transaction costs in FY25 relating to the buyback of the
                        2025 convertible notes and issuance of the 2031 convertible notes.
                                                                                         REFLECTIONS      GOVERNANCE        FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES        35




                        SEGMENT INFORMATION
                        Operating revenue is allocated to a segment depending on where the customer resides. Expenses include cost of revenue, sales and
                        marketing costs incurred directly in the region, and an allocation of centrally managed costs and overheads.


                                                                                                                 ANZ            INTERNATIONAL           TOTAL
                         Year ended 31 March 2026                                                             ($000s)                 ($000s)         ($000s)

                         Operating revenue                                                                 1,391,961               1,361,120     2,753,081
                         Cost of revenue                                                                  (149,364)              (295,096)      (444,460)
                         Sales and marketing                                                              (222,092)              (606,444)       (828,536)
                         Segment contribution                                                             1,020,505                459,580      1,480,085
                         Contribution margin percentage                                                      73.3%                   33.8%          53.8%




For personal use only
                                                                                                                 ANZ            INTERNATIONAL           TOTAL
                         Year ended 31 March 2025                                                             ($000s)                 ($000s)         ($000s)

                         Operating revenue                                                                 1,177,028               925,624       2,102,652
                         Cost of revenue                                                                  (129,669)               (100,733)      (230,402)
                         Sales and marketing                                                               (177,545)              (486,163)      (663,708)
                         Segment contribution                                                               869,814                338,728       1,208,542
                         Contribution margin percentage                                                      73.9%                   36.6%            57.5%

                        ANZ — ANZ segment contribution increased $150.7 million, or 17%, to $1.0 billion in FY26, while the segment contribution margin
                        contracted 0.6 percentage points to 73.3%.

                        Operating revenue grew 18% during the period, while segment expenses increased 21% or $64.2 million. This was largely driven
                        by a 25% growth in sales and marketing expenditure, reflecting increased investment in digital performance marketing and the
                        continued development of internal capabilities across go-to-market functions. Costs were also impacted by the timing of Xerocon
                        Brisbane in H1 FY26, with no Xerocon held in the region in FY25. Excluding the impact of Xerocon, ANZ sales and marketing costs
                        increased 20%, resulting in a contribution margin of 73.9%, in line with FY25.

                        The higher segment contribution margin in ANZ relative to the International segment reflects both the cost benefits derived from
                        higher cloud accounting penetration and strong brand presence in these markets, alongside a greater contribution from higher
                        gross margin subscription revenue.

                        International — Segment contribution increased $120.9 million, or 36%, compared to FY25, partly due to the addition of the Melio
                        business. This resulted in a contribution margin of 33.8% for FY26, which represents a decrease of 2.8 percentage points from the
                        prior year.

                        Operating revenue grew 47%, as discussed on page 27, while segment expenses rose 54%. Revenue and costs in FY26 were
                        impacted by the acquisition of Melio in H2 FY26. Excluding the impact of Melio, operating revenue grew 25% and segment expenses
                        rose 17%, resulting in a contribution margin of 40.6%, up 4.0 percentage points from the previous year. The increase in expenditure
                        was primarily driven by higher digital performance marketing spend and increased employee costs associated with building internal
                        go-to-market capabilities.

                        The contribution margin for the International segment remains comparatively lower than ANZ, reflecting the higher cost of
                        acquiring customers in these markets, alongside a higher proportion of payments revenue, which has a different gross margin
                        profile to the ANZ segment. Investment remains focused on improving customer additions through both direct and partner
                        channels, while working to improve brand recognition in international growth markets.
                        36 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                        KEY SAAS METRICS
                        SaaS companies like Xero operate on many of the same performance metrics as traditional companies, such as revenue, cash flow,
                        and customer numbers. However, evaluating the performance of SaaS companies and being able to benchmark them is assisted
                        by an understanding of SaaS-specific metrics. Included below are some of the headline metrics Xero uses to manage and drive its
                        performance. Unless noted, these metrics are presented on a Xero-only basis and exclude Melio. Where included, these metrics
                        are prepared to reflect Xero and Melio’s customer relationships and exclude costs and revenue associated with Melio’s syndication
                        customers.

                        Average revenue per customer (ARPC) is calculated as AMRR at 31 March,7 divided by the number of customers at that time, and
                        divided by 12 to get a monthly view.

                        Customer acquisition costs (CAC) months are the months of ARPC to recover the cost of acquiring each new customer. The
                        calculation represents the sales and marketing costs for the 12 months ended 31 March, excluding the capitalisation and
                        amortisation of contract acquisition costs, less conference revenue (such as Xerocon), divided by gross new customers added
                        during the same period, divided by ARPC.




For personal use only
                        Churn is the value of monthly recurring revenue (MRR) from customers who leave Xero in a month as a percentage of the total MRR
                        at the start of that month. The percentage provided is the average of the monthly churn for the previous 12 months.

                        Lifetime value (LTV) is the gross margin expected from a customer over the lifetime of that customer. This is calculated by taking
                        the average customer lifetime (one divided by churn), multiplied by ARPC, multiplied by the gross margin percentage. Xero Group
                        LTV is calculated as the sum of the individual segment LTV, multiplied by their respective segment customers, divided by total Xero
                        Group customers.

                        LTV/CAC is the ratio between the LTV per customer and the cost to acquire that customer. For example, the LTV derived from a
                        customer is currently on average 5.9 times the cost of acquiring that customer.

                        We strive to maximise total LTV while optimising the level of CAC investment it takes to achieve a desirable LTV/CAC ratio. We can
                        improve total LTV in multiple ways, such as increasing customer numbers, enhancing products and services for existing customers,
                        thereby increasing ARPC and/or reducing churn, and improving gross margin through cost efficiencies.

                        The table below outlines key metrics across our segments:


                         At 31 March 2026                                                                                            ANZ                  INTERNATIONAL            TOTAL

                         ARPC ($) including Melio                                                                                 48.89                         63.74             55.44
                         ARPC ($)8                                                                                                48.89                         54.20              51.20
                         CAC months8                                                                                                 9.8                          17.2              14.4
                         Churn   8
                                                                                                                                  0.85%                         1.48%              1.14%
                         LTV per customer ($)8                                                                                     5,118                        3,247             4,304
                         LTV/CAC8                                                                                                   10.7                           3.5               5.9


                         At 31 March 2025                                                                                            ANZ                  INTERNATIONAL            TOTAL

                         ARPC ($)                                                                                                  41.66                        49.82             45.08
                         CAC months                                                                                                  9.4                          20.7              15.9
                         Churn   9
                                                                                                                                  0.81%                         1.31%             1.03%
                         LTV per customer ($)    10
                                                                                                                                  4,550                         3,394             4,066
                         LTV/CAC10                                                                                                   11.6                          3.3               5.7

                        Xero Group — Xero Group ARPC increased 18% in constant currency (23% on a nominal basis), to $55.44. Excluding Melio, ARPC
                        increased to $51.20. The increase in ARPC excluding currency impacts reflects price changes alongside continued payments
                        growth.

                        Churn increased to 1.14% in FY26, compared to 1.03% in the comparative period.9 The increase in churn reflects a combination of
                        increased use of the direct channel and higher contribution from our international segment, both of which have structurally higher
                        churn but deliver higher ARPC customers.


                        7. See definition of AMRR on page 31
                        8. Calculated on a Xero-only basis, excluding Melio
                        9. Excluding the removal of long idle subscriptions in H1 FY25. Refer to page 34 of our FY25 Annual Report for more information
                        10. LTV, LTV per customer, and LTV/CAC for FY25 were calculated using churn excluding the impact of the removal of long idle subscriptions. This reflects churn
                             dynamics present in Xero’s go-forward customer base. Refer to page 34 of our FY25 Annual Report for more information
                                                                                            REFLECTIONS       GOVERNANCE         FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES   37




                        Total customer LTV increased $3.1 billion, or 17% (11% in constant currency), in FY26 from $17.9 billion to $21.0 billion.
                        Improvements were driven by both growth in ARPC and customers, partly offset by an increase in churn.

                        Xero Group’s LTV/CAC ratio was 5.9 in FY26, up from 5.7 in the comparative period. Customer growth and ARPC growth
                        outweighed the increase in sales and marketing spend directed to Xero’s key markets, alongside higher churn. CAC months
                        decreased to 14.4 months in FY26, lower than the comparative period of 15.9 months.

                        ANZ — ARPC of $48.89 increased 9% in constant currency (17% on a nominal basis). Constant currency improvements were driven
                        by greater contributions from payments revenue, alongside continued monetisation of the value added to our products through
                        price changes.

                        CAC months increased to 9.8 months in FY26, from 9.4 months in FY25. This was driven by increased sales and marketing spend in
                        FY26 as we experimented with additional performance marketing spend in Australia.

                        Churn increased from 0.81% in FY25 to 0.85% in FY26. The FY26 rate was closer to churn levels experienced in the pre-pandemic
                        period.

                        Total ANZ LTV increased $2.5 billion, or 21% (13% in constant currency), to $14.1 billion in FY26. This was driven by ARPC and




For personal use only
                        customer growth of 17% and 7% respectively, partly offset by an increase in churn and a slight decrease in gross margin. LTV/CAC
                        decreased by 0.9 year-on-year to 10.7, driven by sales and marketing increasing at a greater rate than LTV. Increased sales and
                        marketing spend reflects our investment in digital performance in the direct channel, and in our teams as we continue to focus on
                        supporting accounting and bookkeeping partners.

                        International — ARPC increased 26% in constant currency (28% on a nominal basis), to $63.74. This was driven by increases in
                        financial services revenue, price changes, and additional revenue following the acquisition of Melio in H2 FY26. Excluding Melio,
                        ARPC increased to $54.20.

                        CAC months decreased year-on-year by 3.5 months to 17.2 months. This decrease was a function of year-on-year customer growth
                        and ARPC outpacing the increase in sales and marketing spend.

                        Churn increased from 1.31% in FY25 to 1.48% in FY26, driven by increased use of the direct channel.

                        Total International customer LTV increased $600 million, or 10% (7% in constant currency), in FY26 from $6.3 billion to $6.9 billion.
                        LTV per customer decreased by $147, or 4% (6% in constant currency), to $3,247 in FY26.

                        Total lifetime value




                                        $25b
                                                                                                                                 $3.1b

                                                                                                               $2.4b
                                        $20b
                                                                                              $2.1b
                                                                            $2.5b
                                         $15b
                                                          $3.3b


                                         $10b



                                          $5b



                                           $0
                                                          FY22              FY23              FY24             FY25              FY26


                                                 ANZ          International
                        38 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                        Audit Report, Financial
                        Statements and Notes




For personal use only
                                                                               16. Other current liabilities                             58
                         INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT                     39   17. Employee entitlements                                 59
                         FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                             43   18. Lease liabilities                                     59
                         Income Statement                                 43   19. Contingent consideration                              60
                         Statement of Comprehensive Income                43   20. Deferred consideration                                61
                         Statement of Financial Position                  44
                         Statement of Changes in Equity                   45
                                                                               FUNDING AND RISK
                         Statement of Cash Flows                          46
                                                                               21. Borrowings                                            61
                                                                               22. Financial instruments, capital and financial risk
                                                                                                                                         64
                         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                47   management
                                                                               23. Derivatives and hedge accounting                      70
                                                                               24. Changes in financial assets and liabilities arising
                                                                                                                                         72
                         GENERAL INFORMATION                                   from financing activities
                         1. Reporting entity and statutory base           47   25. Share capital                                         72
                         2. Basis of accounting                           47

                                                                               GROUP STRUCTURE
                         PERFORMANCE                                           26. Business combinations                                 72
                         3. Segment information                           48   27. Group entities                                        74
                         4. Revenue                                       49
                         5. Expenses                                      49
                                                                               OTHER INFORMATION
                         6. Other income and expenses                     51
                                                                               28. Reconciliation of operating cash flows                75
                         7. Finance income and expense                    51
                                                                               29. Current and deferred tax                              76
                         8. Earnings per share                            52
                                                                               30. Share-based payments                                  78
                                                                               31. Key management personnel and related parties          80
                         OPERATING ASSETS AND LIABILITIES                      32. Commitments and contingencies                         80
                         9. Trade and other receivables                   53   33. Events after the balance sheet date                   80
                         10. Funds receivable and customer accounts       53
                         11. Property, plant and equipment                54
                                                                               DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES STATEMENT                     81
                         12. Intangible assets                            55
                         13. Investments in financial assets              57
                         14. Trade and other payables                     58
                         15. Funds payable and amounts due to customers   58
                                                                                                           REFLECTIONS     GOVERNANCE         FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES               39




                        Independent Auditor’s
                        Report




For personal use only
                                                                                                             Standards Board as applicable to audits of financial
                        TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF XERO LIMITED                                                  statements of public interest entities. We have also fulfilled
                        Opinion                                                                              our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with
                                                                                                             Professional and Ethical Standard 1.
                        We have audited the financial statements of Xero Limited (“the
                        Company”) and its subsidiaries (together “the Group”) on                             We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is
                        pages 43 to 80, which comprise the consolidated statement                            sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
                        of financial position of the Group as at 31 March 2026, and the
                        consolidated income statement, consolidated statement of                             During the year Ernst & Young has provided other assurance
                        comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in                           services related to the Group’s compliance with ISO 27001 and
                        equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year                         limited assurance in relation to greenhouse gas emissions. In
                        then ended of the Group, and the notes to the consolidated                           addition we provide services relating to market remuneration
                        financial statements including material accounting policy                            data and provision of sustainability and climate workshops.
                        information.                                                                         Partners and employees of our firm may deal with the Group
                                                                                                             on normal terms within the ordinary course of trading
                        In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements on                             activities of the business of the Group. Ernst & Young uses
                        pages 43 to 80 present fairly, in all material respects, the                         the Group’s platform in delivering services to some clients
                        consolidated financial position of the Group as at 31 March                          on commercial terms. We have no other relationship with, or
                        2026 and its consolidated financial performance and cash                             interest in, the Group.
                        flows for the year then ended in accordance with New Zealand
                        equivalents to International Financial Reporting Standards                           Key audit matters
                        and International Financial Reporting Standards.                                     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional
                                                                                                             judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
                        This report is made solely to the Company’s shareholders, as a
                                                                                                             consolidated financial statements of the current year. These
                        body. Our audit has been undertaken so that we might state to
                                                                                                             matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
                        the Company’s shareholders those matters we are required to
                                                                                                             consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming
                        state to them in an auditor’s report and for no other purpose.
                                                                                                             our opinion thereon, but we do not provide a separate opinion
                        To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or
                                                                                                             on these matters. For each matter below, our description
                        assume responsibility to anyone other than the Company and
                                                                                                             of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that
                        the Company’s shareholders, as a body, for our audit work, for
                                                                                                             context.
                        this report, or for the opinions we have formed.
                                                                                                             We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s
                        Basis for opinion                                                                    responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
                        We conducted our audit in accordance with International                              section of the audit report, including in relation to these
                        Standards on Auditing (New Zealand). Our responsibilities                            matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance of
                        under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s                         procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the
                        responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements                           risks of material misstatement of the financial statements.
                        section of our report. We are independent of the Group                               The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures
                        in accordance with Professional and Ethical Standard 1                               performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for
                        International Code of Ethics for Assurance Practitioners                             our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial
                        (including International Independence Standards) (New                                statements.
                        Zealand) issued by the New Zealand Auditing and Assurance




                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited.                                                                                                     Ernst & Young
                        Liability limited by a scheme provided under Professional Standards Legislation.                                     200 George Street Sydney NSW 2000 Australia
                                                                                                                                                          GPO Box 2646 Sydney NSW 2001
                        40 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                        Capitalised Software Development Costs and Impairment Considerations
                           Why significant                                                                 How our audit addressed the key audit matter

                           Capitalised Software Development Costs of $1,170 million have                   In obtaining sufficient appropriate audit evidence, we:
                           been recognised at 31 March 2026.
                                                                                                           • Assessed the nature of a sample of projects against the
                           The Group capitalises costs incurred in the development of its                    requirements of NZ IAS 38 Intangible Assets to determine if
                           software. These costs are then amortised over the estimated                       they were capital in nature;
                           useful life of the software.
                                                                                                           • For capitalised costs relating to contractors and vendors,
                           Internally developed software includes staff, contractor and                      tested amounts capitalised to third party documentation on a
                           vendor costs. The Group’s process for calculating the value                       sample basis; and
                           of staff costs capitalised involves judgement as it includes
                                                                                                           • For capitalised costs relating to staff time:
                           estimating time staff spend developing software and determining




For personal use only
                           the value attributable to that time.                                                › Recalculated costs capitalised based on the percentage
                                                                                                                 of staff time spent on capital projects and gross
                           NZ IAS 36 Impairment of Assets requires finite life intangible
                                                                                                                 remuneration.
                           assets (including capitalised software development costs) to
                           be tested for impairment whenever there is an indication that                       › Assessed the procedures used to determine the
                           they may be impaired. This assessment requires judgement                              percentage of staff time spent on capital projects
                           including consideration of both internal and external sources of                      and, for a sample of development teams, the resulting
                           information.                                                                          percentages.
                                                                                                               › For a sample of employees, tested gross remuneration
                           Disclosures relating to the capitalised software development
                                                                                                                 used in capitalisation calculations based on underlying
                           costs, including key assumptions, are included in Note 12 of the
                                                                                                                 employee records.
                           consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                               › We also compared costs capitalised in the year to those
                                                                                                                 capitalised in the previous year, adjusted for movements
                                                                                                                 in headcount, salary rates and the percentage of staff time
                                                                                                                 spent on capital projects.
                                                                                                           We assessed the factors the Group considered regarding
                                                                                                           potential impairment of capitalised software development costs
                                                                                                           and whether any indicators of impairment existed. This included
                                                                                                           having regard to:

                                                                                                           • Significant changes in the extent or manner in which
                                                                                                             associated software is used;

                                                                                                           • Potential or actual redundancy or disposal of developed
                                                                                                             software;

                                                                                                           • Amortisation periods applied to developed software relative
                                                                                                             to past experience of software lifecycles; and

                                                                                                           • Significant changes in the market in which the assets are used.

                                                                                                           We assessed the adequacy of the disclosures related to
                                                                                                           capitalised software development costs and related impairment
                                                                                                           considerations in the consolidated financial statements.




                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited.                                                                                                     Ernst & Young
                        Liability limited by a scheme provided under Professional Standards Legislation.                                     200 George Street Sydney NSW 2000 Australia
                                                                                                                                                          GPO Box 2646 Sydney NSW 2001
                                                                                                           REFLECTIONS       GOVERNANCE          FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES              41




                        Goodwill Impairment Testing
                         Why significant                                                                     How our audit addressed the key audit matter
                           The Group’s statement of financial position includes $4,573                        In obtaining sufficient appropriate audit evidence, we:
                           million of goodwill at 31 March 2026.
                                                                                                              • Utilised our valuation specialists to:
                           The acquisition of Melio in October 2025 resulted in additional
                                                                                                                  › assess whether the methodologies applied met the
                           goodwill of $4,161 million being recognised in the year which
                                                                                                                    requirements of NZ IAS 36 Impairment of Assets;
                           was allocated to the International CGU and Melio CGU. Goodwill
                           is tested for impairment within the International operating                            › for CGUs where a multiples approach was utilised, consider
                           segment, which includes both the International and Melio CGUs.                           the appropriateness of the revenue multiples used in the
                                                                                                                    impairment models in relation to observed multiples for
                           Goodwill is allocated across the CGUs as follows:                                        other businesses considered comparable; and
                           $4,316 million to International and Melio                                              › for CGUs where a discounted cash flow method was




For personal use only
                                                                                                                    utilised, consider the appropriateness of the discount rate
                           $139 million to Planday
                                                                                                                    and terminal growth rate applied.
                           $78 million to Australia and New Zealand                                           • Considered free cash flows incorporated in discounted cash
                                                                                                                flow models with reference to historical performance;
                           $40 million to TaxCycle
                                                                                                              • Checked whether revenue used in revenue multiple
                           NZ IAS 36 Impairment of Assets requires goodwill be tested
                                                                                                                calculations aligned to actual revenue for the year;
                           for impairment annually irrespective of whether there are any
                           indicators of impairment.                                                          • Assessed the appropriateness of the goodwill allocation to
                                                                                                                the CGUs;
                           In considering whether goodwill was impaired, the Group
                           estimated the recoverable amount of CGUs or groups of CGUs                         • Performed sensitivity analysis for key drivers of the
                           using either a revenue multiple approach or a discounted cash                        impairment models, including considering the sensitivity of
                           flow approach. Both of these approaches require significant                          the results to changes in the revenue multiples, discount rate
                           judgement in assessing the appropriate valuation inputs.                             and terminal growth rates used; and
                           Disclosures relating to goodwill impairment, including key                         • Assessed the adequacy of the disclosures related to goodwill
                           assumptions used in the assessments, are included in Note 12 of                      impairment considerations in the consolidated financial
                           the consolidated financial statements.                                               statements. This included assessing whether the assumptions
                                                                                                                which have the most significant effect on the determination
                                                                                                                of the recoverable amount of CGUs have been appropriately
                                                                                                                disclosed in the consolidated financial statements.



                        Melio business combination
                           Why significant                                                                    How our audit addressed the key audit matter

                           During the year the Group acquired 100% of the ordinary shares                     In obtaining sufficient appropriate audit evidence, we:
                           in Melio Limited and its associated entities (collectively ‘Melio’).
                                                                                                              • Assessed whether all significant identifiable assets and
                           Consideration included $3,976 million cash, $628 million in                          liabilities had been identified;
                           shares of Xero Limited and $83 million deferred consideration.
                                                                                                              • Agreed relevant elements of the purchase price to the sale
                           A further $99 million may be payable contingent on certain
                                                                                                                and purchase agreement;
                           conditions.
                                                                                                              • Considered the competence, capabilities and objectivity of
                           The acquisition has been treated as a business combination
                                                                                                                the external valuer;
                           under NZ IFRS 3: Business Combinations, which requires the
                           separately identifiable assets and liabilities purchased to                        • Engaged our own internal valuation experts to assess the fair
                           be accounted for at their fair value at acquisition date. The                        values determined, including consideration of the valuation
                           assessment of the fair value of these assets and liabilities                         methods and key inputs used;
                           acquired required significant judgement. The Group engaged an
                           external valuer to perform these valuations.                                       • Confirmed the basis on which management had assessed the
                                                                                                                likelihood of the contingent considerations being paid and its
                           The impact of the business combination is disclosed in Note 26                       valuation and accounting treatment; and
                           of the consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                              • Assessed the adequacy of the business combination note
                                                                                                                disclosures in the financial statements.




                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited.                                                                                                       Ernst & Young
                        Liability limited by a scheme provided under Professional Standards Legislation.                                       200 George Street Sydney NSW 2000 Australia
                                                                                                                                                            GPO Box 2646 Sydney NSW 2001
                        42 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                        Information other than the financial statements and                                Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial
                        auditor’s report                                                                   statements
                        The directors of the Company are responsible for the                               Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about
                        Annual Report, which includes information other than the                           whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
                        consolidated financial statements and auditor’s report.                            are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud
                                                                                                           or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
                        Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not
                                                                                                           opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance,
                        cover the other information and we do not express any form of
                                                                                                           but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
                        assurance conclusion thereon.
                                                                                                           with International Standards on Auditing (New Zealand)
                        In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial                         will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
                        statements, our responsibility is to read the other information                    Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
                        and, in doing so, consider whether the other information                           considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they
                        is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial                         could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
                        statements or our knowledge obtained during the audit, or                          decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated
                        otherwise appears to be materially misstated.                                      financial statements.




For personal use only
                        If, based upon the work we have performed, we conclude that                        A further description of the auditor’s responsibilities for the
                        there is a material misstatement of this other information, we                     audit of the financial statements is located at the External
                        are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in                     Reporting Board’s website: https://www.xrb.govt.nz/
                        this regard.                                                                       standards/assurance-standards/auditors-responsibilities/
                                                                                                           audit-report-1-1/. This description forms part of our auditor’s
                        Directors’ responsibilities for the financial statements                           report.
                        The directors are responsible, on behalf of the entity, for the
                                                                                                           The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this
                        preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial
                                                                                                           independent auditor’s report is John Robinson.
                        statements in accordance with New Zealand equivalents to
                        International Financial Reporting Standards and International
                        Financial Reporting Standards, and for such internal control
                        as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
                        preparation of financial statements that are free from material
                        misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

                        In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the
                                                                                                           Sydney
                        directors are responsible for assessing on behalf of the entity
                        the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing,                    14 May 2026
                        as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the
                        going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either
                        intend to liquidate the Group or cease operations, or have no
                        realistic alternative but to do so.




                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited.                                                                                                   Ernst & Young
                        Liability limited by a scheme provided under Professional Standards Legislation.                                   200 George Street Sydney NSW 2000 Australia
                                                                                                                                                        GPO Box 2646 Sydney NSW 2001
                                                                                                 REFLECTIONS         GOVERNANCE           FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES    43




                        Financial Statements
                        INCOME STATEMENT
                                                                                                                                                    2026           2025
                        Year ended 31 March                                                                               NOTES                  ($000s)        ($000s)

                        Subscription revenue                                                                                                  2,377,662      1,978,184
                        Other operating revenue                                                                                                 375,419       124,468
                        Total operating revenue                                                                              4                2,753,081     2,102,652
                        Cost of revenue                                                                                       5               (444,460)      (230,402)




For personal use only
                        Gross profit                                                                                                          2,308,621     1,872,250

                        Operating expenses
                        Sales and marketing                                                                                                   (828,536)      (663,708)
                        Product design and development                                                                                         (764,491)      (617,801)
                        General and administration*                                                                                           (348,873)      (226,840)
                        Acquisition-related costs*                                                                                             (50,600)         (1,258)
                        Total operating expenses                                                                              5           (1,992,500)      (1,509,607)
                        Operating income                                                                                                        316,121      362,643
                        Other income                                                                                          6                 93,076               72
                        Other expenses                                                                                        6                    (130)       (3,972)
                        Asset impairments and disposals                                                                   11,12                  (2,316)       (3,037)
                        Earnings before interest and tax                                                                                       406,751        355,706
                        Finance income                                                                                        7                 107,017       136,488
                        Finance expense                                                                                       7                (174,032)     (129,530)
                        Net profit before tax                                                                                                  339,736       362,664
                        Income tax expense                                                                                  29                 (172,316)     (134,847)
                        Net profit after tax                                                                                                   167,420        227,817
                        Basic earnings per share                                                                              8                   $1.02         $1.49
                        Diluted earnings/(loss) per share                                                                     8                  ($0.19)         $1.47




                        STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                                                                                    2026           2025
                        Year ended 31 March                                                                               NOTES                  ($000s)        ($000s)

                        Net profit                                                                                                              167,420       227,817

                        Other comprehensive income**
                        Movement in cash flow hedges (net of tax)                                                           23                  (33,449)       (4,547)
                        Translation of foreign currency operations (net of tax)                                                                  23,147        20,454
                        Total other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                                                                    (10,302)       15,907
                        Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                                 157,118       243,724

                        * Prior-year figures have been reclassified to recognise acquisition-related costs
                        ** Items of other comprehensive income may be reclassified to the Income Statement when specific conditions are met
                        The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements
                        44 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                        STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                                               AT 31 MARCH     AT 31 MARCH
                                                                                                                       2026            2025
                                                                                                      NOTES         ($000s)         ($000s)
                         Assets
                         Current assets
                         Cash and cash equivalents                                                              884,372         768,427
                         Short-term deposits                                                                   1,049,771      1,561,969
                         Trade and other receivables                                                     9      243,014          192,721
                         Funds receivable and customer accounts                                         10       580,157                 –
                         Derivative assets                                                              23         6,450           17,156
                         Income tax receivable                                                                    25,659           31,136
                         Other current assets                                                                       7,021          2,498




For personal use only
                         Total current assets                                                                 2,796,444       2,573,907

                         Non-current assets
                         Property, plant and equipment                                                   11     180,080         123,498
                         Intangible assets                                                              12    5,919,608        1,179,417
                         Derivative assets                                                              23       98,250         527,402
                         Deferred tax assets                                                            29        29,174           13,761
                         Investments in financial assets                                                13        43,726          43,737
                         Other non-current assets                                                                 29,326            1,521
                         Total non-current assets                                                             6,300,164       1,889,336
                         Total assets                                                                         9,096,608       4,463,243

                         Liabilities
                         Current liabilities
                         Trade and other payables                                                       14      153,560           91,575
                         Funds payable and amounts due to customers                                     15       580,157                 –
                         Employee entitlements                                                          17       152,785        109,059
                         Lease liabilities                                                              18       33,489           18,402
                         Derivative liabilities                                                         23      230,204         567,940
                         Income tax payable                                                                        9,795           3,257
                         Borrowings                                                                     21    1,259,003       1,228,572
                         Other current liabilities                                                      16      136,092           62,416
                         Total current liabilities                                                            2,555,085       2,081,221

                         Non-current liabilities
                         Lease liabilities                                                              18      138,827           91,703
                         Derivative liabilities                                                         23        10,353           7,090
                         Borrowings                                                                     21      693,669                  –
                         Deferred tax liabilities                                                       29       131,728         62,903
                         Contingent consideration                                                       19         92,311         10,342
                         Deferred consideration                                                         20        55,149                 –
                         Other non-current liabilities                                                            15,825          14,281
                         Total non-current liabilities                                                         1,137,862         186,319
                         Total liabilities                                                                    3,692,947       2,267,540

                         Equity
                         Share capital                                                                  25    4,982,697       2,039,476
                         Reserves                                                                               294,495          197,178
                         Retained earnings/(Accumulated losses)                                                 126,469          (40,951)
                         Total equity                                                                         5,403,661       2,195,703
                         Total liabilities and shareholders' equity                                           9,096,608       4,463,243
                         The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements
                                                                                                 REFLECTIONS        GOVERNANCE           FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES          45




                        STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                 SHARE-        RETAINED       FOREIGN                       CALL
                                                                                                  BASED       EARNINGS/     CURRENCY     CASH FLOW       SPREAD
                                                                                    SHARE      PAYMENT    (ACCUMULATED    TRANSLATION        HEDGE      OPTIONS         TOTAL
                                                                                   CAPITAL     RESERVE          LOSSES)       RESERVE      RESERVE      RESERVE        EQUITY
                                                                       NOTES       ($000s)      ($000s)         ($000s)        ($000s)      ($000s)      ($000s)      ($000s)

                        Balance at 1 April 2024                                1,854,983      116,045       (268,768)          (5,171)    (2,886)     (301,256) 1,392,947
                        Net profit                                                      –            –         227,817              –            –            –      227,817
                        Other comprehensive income/(loss)                               –            –               –       20,454        (4,547)            –       15,907
                        Total comprehensive income/(loss)                               –            –         227,817       20,454        (4,547)            –     243,724

                        Transactions with owners:
                        Share-based payments, net of tax              25,30       132,318      80,076                –              –            –            –      212,394
                        Share options exercised                       25,30        34,144       (7,263)              –              –            –            –       26,881




For personal use only
                        Issue of shares - acquisition related            25        18,031            –               –              –            –            –       18,031
                        Premium on call spread options,
                        net of issuance costs                            21             –            –               –              –            –    324,605       324,605
                        Partial settlement of call spread options        21             –            –               –              –            –     (22,879)      (22,879)
                        Balance at 31 March 2025                               2,039,476      188,858          (40,951)       15,283       (7,433)         470     2,195,703



                        Balance at 1 April 2025                                2,039,476      188,858          (40,951)       15,283       (7,433)         470     2,195,703
                        Net profit                                                      –            –         167,420              –            –            –      167,420
                        Other comprehensive income/(loss)                               –            –               –        23,147     (33,449)             –      (10,302)
                        Total comprehensive income/(loss)                               –            –        167,420         23,147     (33,449)             –      157,118

                        Transactions with owners:
                        Share-based payments, net of tax              25,30      206,376       109,118               –              –            –            –     315,494
                        Share options exercised                       25,30         6,729       (1,499)              –              –            –            –       5,230
                        Institutional placement, net of
                        transaction costs                                25     1,957,230            –               –              –            –            –    1,957,230
                        Issue of shares - acquisition related            25      633,482             –               –              –            –            –     633,482
                        Share purchase plan, net of transaction
                        costs                                            25      139,404             –               –              –            –            –     139,404
                        Balance at 31 March 2026                               4,982,697     296,477         126,469         38,430      (40,882)          470     5,403,661

                        The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements
                        46 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                        STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                                                     2026          2025
                         Year ended 31 March                                                          NOTES       ($000s)       ($000s)

                         Operating activities
                         Receipts from customers                                                              2,760,818     2,108,742
                         Other income                                                                              1,428        4,878
                         Interest received                                                                      121,030        93,418
                         Payments to suppliers and employees                                                  (1,766,668)   (1,313,626)
                         Interest paid                                                                           (43,524)      (23,153)
                         Income tax paid                                                                        (139,937)     (58,589)
                         Net cash flows from operating activities                                       28      933,147       811,670

                         Investing activities




For personal use only
                         Capitalised development costs                                                         (405,829)     (272,876)
                         Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                (9,398)      (13,135)
                         Capitalised contract acquisition costs                                                  (16,225)      (17,062)
                         Business acquisitions, net of cash acquired                                          (3,887,273)      (56,184)
                         Investments in equity instruments                                                             –      (42,070)
                         Other investing activities                                                                    –        (1,852)
                         Net cash flows from investing activities                                             (4,318,725)    (403,179)

                         Financing activities
                         Proceeds from short-term deposits                                                    3,400,710     2,602,385
                         Payments for short-term deposits                                                     (2,755,694)   (3,106,453)
                         Share options exercised                                                                  5,230        26,881
                         Payment of lease liabilities                                                            (21,927)     (18,989)
                         Proceeds from institutional placement                                                 1,994,712             –
                         Payment of institutional placement transaction costs                                    (37,695)            –
                         Settlement of derivative related to placement                                           (31,970)            –
                         Proceeds from share purchase plan                                                       139,931             –
                         Payment of share purchase plan transaction costs                                           (551)            –
                         Proceeds from bank debt facility                                                       698,148              –
                         Payment of debt facility fees                                                            (6,611)            –
                         Convertible note transaction costs                                                            –      (10,203)
                         Proceeds from issuance of convertible notes, net of issuance costs                            –    1,489,039
                         Payments for repayment and buyback of convertible notes                                 (29,138)   (1,067,971)
                         Call spread options, net of issuance costs                                                    –      (110,696)
                         Proceeds from unwind of call spread options                                                   –       19,085
                         Net cash flows from financing activities                                             3,355,145      (176,922)
                         Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                   (30,433)      231,569
                         Foreign currency translation adjustment                                                146,378        38,067
                         Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period                               768,427       498,791
                         Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period                                     884,372       768,427

                         The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements
                                                                                           REFLECTIONS     GOVERNANCE         FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES      47




                        Notes to the Financial Statements
                                                                                             (d) Standards or interpretations issued but not yet effective
                        1. REPORTING ENTITY AND STATUTORY BASE                               and relevant to the Group
                        Xero Limited (‘the Company’) is registered under the
                                                                                             In May 2024, the New Zealand Accounting Standards
                        New Zealand Companies Act 1993 and is listed on the
                                                                                             Board issued a new standard, NZ IFRS 18: Presentation and
                        Australian Securities Exchange (ASX). The Company is
                                                                                             Disclosure in Financial Statements. The standard is effective
                        required to be treated as an FMC Reporting Entity under
                                                                                             for Xero from 1 April 2027. The objective of the standard is
                        the Financial Market Conduct Act 2013 and the Financial
                                                                                             to set out the overall requirements for presentation and
                        Reporting Act 2013.
                                                                                             disclosures in the financial statements. The new standard
                        The consolidated financial statements of the Company and its         introduces new requirements on presentation within the




For personal use only
                        subsidiaries (together ‘the Group’ or ‘Xero’) for the year ended     statement of profit or loss by introducing new subcategories. It
                        31 March 2026 were authorised in accordance with                     also requires disclosure of management-defined performance
                        a resolution of the directors for issue on 14 May 2026.              measures and includes new requirements for aggregation
                                                                                             and disaggregation of financial information on the face of the
                                                                                             primary statements and in the supporting notes. The Group is
                        2. BASIS OF ACCOUNTING                                               currently assessing the impact the amendments will have on
                        (a) Basis of preparation                                             current practice.
                        The audited consolidated financial statements of the Group           In June 2024, the New Zealand Accounting Standards Board
                        have been prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted             issued amendments to NZ IFRS 9: Financial Instruments
                        Accounting Practice in New Zealand (NZ GAAP) and the                 and NZ IFRS 7: Financial Instruments: Disclosures, effective
                        Financial Reporting Act 2013. The Group is a for-profit entity       for Xero from 1 April 2026. The amendments clarify the
                        for the purposes of complying with NZ GAAP. The consolidated         classification of financial assets with contingent features
                        financial statements comply with New Zealand equivalents             (such as environmental, social and governance targets) and
                        to International Financial Reporting Standards (NZ IFRS),            introduce an accounting policy choice for the derecognition
                        other New Zealand accounting standards, and authoritative            of financial liabilities settled via electronic payment systems.
                        notices that are applicable to entities that apply NZ IFRS.          They also introduce enhanced disclosure requirements
                        The consolidated financial statements also comply with               for contingent cash flow features and equity instruments
                        International Financial Reporting Standards.                         designated at fair value through other comprehensive
                                                                                             income. The Group is currently assessing the impact these
                        Other than where described below, or in the notes, the
                                                                                             amendments will have on current practice.
                        consolidated financial statements have been prepared using
                        the historical cost convention.                                      There are no other standards or amendments that have been
                                                                                             issued but are not yet effective that are expected to have a
                        The consolidated financial statements are presented in
                                                                                             significant impact on the Group.
                        New Zealand dollars ($) (the ‘presentation currency’). Items
                        included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s          The Group has not adopted, and currently does not anticipate
                        entities are measured using the currency of the primary              adopting, any standards prior to their effective dates.
                        economic environment in which the entity operates (the
                        ‘functional currency’).                                              (e) Critical accounting estimates

                        (b) Changes in accounting policies and disclosures                   In applying the Group’s accounting policies, management
                                                                                             continually evaluates judgements, estimates and assumptions
                        Certain comparative information has been reclassified to             based on experience and other factors, including expectations
                        conform with the current period’s presentation.                      of future events that may have an impact on the Group. All
                        All other accounting policies and disclosures adopted are            judgements, estimates and assumptions made are believed to
                        consistent with those of the previous year.                          be reasonable based on the most current set of circumstances
                                                                                             available to the Group. Actual results may differ from the
                        (c) Standards or interpretations adopted during the year             judgements, estimates and assumptions.
                        The New Zealand Accounting Standards Board issued                    The significant judgements, estimates and assumptions
                        amendments to NZ IAS 21: The Effects of Changes in Foreign           made by management in the preparation of these financial
                        Exchange Rates effective for reporting periods commencing            statements are outlined within the financial statement notes
                        on or after 1 January 2025. The amendments address Lack              to which they relate.
                        of Exchangeability. The amendment to this standard has no
                        material impact to the Group.
                        48 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                        3. SEGMENT INFORMATION
                        The Group operates in one business segment, providing online business solutions for small businesses and their advisors. Xero has
                        two operating segments: Australia and New Zealand (ANZ), and International. These segments have been determined based on how
                        the chief operating decision-maker reviews financial performance.

                        Segment operating expenses represent sales and marketing costs and service delivery costs, including both in-country costs and
                        an allocation of centrally managed costs.
                                                                                                                 ANZ       INTERNATIONAL              TOTAL
                         Year ended 31 March 2026                                                             ($000s)            ($000s)            ($000s)

                         Operating revenue                                                                1,391,961           1,361,120          2,753,081
                         Cost of revenue                                                                   (149,364)          (295,096)          (444,460)
                         Sales and marketing                                                               (222,092)          (606,444)          (828,536)
                         Segment contribution                                                             1,020,505           459,580           1,480,085




For personal use only
                         Year ended 31 March 2025
                         Operating revenue                                                                 1,177,028           925,624           2,102,652
                         Cost of revenue                                                                   (129,669)          (100,733)          (230,402)
                         Sales and marketing                                                               (177,545)          (486,163)          (663,708)
                         Segment contribution                                                              869,814             338,728          1,208,542


                        Reconciliation from segment contribution to net profit before tax
                                                                                                                                    2026               2025
                         Year ended 31 March                                                                                     ($000s)            ($000s)

                         Segment contribution                                                                                1,480,085          1,208,542
                         Product design and development                                                                       (764,491)           (617,801)
                         General and administration                                                                           (348,873)          (226,840)
                         Acquisition-related costs                                                                             (50,600)             (1,258)
                         Other income                                                                                           93,076                  72
                         Other expenses                                                                                            (130)            (3,972)
                         Asset impairments and disposals                                                                         (2,316)            (3,037)
                         Finance income                                                                                        107,017            136,488
                         Finance expense                                                                                      (174,032)          (129,530)
                         Net profit before tax                                                                                 339,736            362,664


                        Depreciation and amortisation by segment
                                                                                                                                    2026               2025
                         Year ended 31 March                                                                                     ($000s)            ($000s)

                         ANZ                                                                                                    18,727             16,602
                         International                                                                                           47,122             27,071
                         Corporate (not allocated to a segment)                                                                316,923            239,087
                         Total                                                                                                 382,772            282,760


                        At 31 March 2026, $5.2 billion, or 85%, of the Group’s property, plant and equipment and intangible assets were domiciled in New
                        Zealand (2025: $721.4 million, or 55%).

                        Share-based payments by segment
                                                                                                                                    2026               2025
                         Year ended 31 March                                                                                     ($000s)            ($000s)

                         ANZ                                                                                                     19,211             17,655
                         International                                                                                          61,788             40,709
                         Corporate (not allocated to a segment)                                                                159,086             93,514
                         Total                                                                                                240,085             151,878
                                                                                                       REFLECTIONS   GOVERNANCE   FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES    49




                        4. REVENUE
                        Operating revenue by geographic location

                                                                                                                                         2026              2025
                         Year ended 31 March                                                                                          ($000s)           ($000s)*

                         Australia                                                                                                 1,148,379          955,239
                         United Kingdom                                                                                             726,798           578,037
                         New Zealand                                                                                                243,582            221,789
                         United States                                                                                              331,677            97,638
                         Rest of World                                                                                              302,645           249,949
                         Total operating revenue                                                                                  2,753,081          2,102,652

                         * Prior-year figures have been reclassified to reflect the updated regional locations.




For personal use only
                        Subscription revenue

                        Subscription revenue comprises recurring monthly fees from customers to Xero’s cloud-based software products. Customers are
                        invoiced monthly. Unbilled revenue earned at balance date is recognised in the Statement of Financial Position as accrued income
                        and included within trade and other receivables. Unearned revenue received at balance date is recognised in the Statement of
                        Financial Position as income in advance and included within other current liabilities.

                        Subscription revenue is recognised as performance obligations under contracts with customers are met. Performance obligations
                        for subscriptions to Xero’s cloud-based software consist of the provisioning of the software and related support services over the
                        term of the contract. Where the performance obligations of add-ons are usage-based (such as payroll and expenses), revenue is
                        recognised consistent with the usage profile.

                        Other operating revenue

                        Other operating revenue primarily comprises revenue from related services such as financial services products, including invoice
                        payment services, on-premise software, and income from conferences and events.

                        For the year ended 31 March 2026, 34%, or $128.5 million (2025: 75%, or $92.8 million), of other operating revenue was recognised
                        on a usage basis over time, and 66%, or $246.9 million (2025: 25%, or $31.7 million), related to revenue recognised at a point in
                        time.

                        Performance obligations under financial services arrangements include the referral of customers to the revenue share counterparty
                        and the continued servicing of that customer by the counterparty. Performance obligations for conference and event revenue
                        consist of the delivery of the conference or event. Performance obligations for on-premise software consist of the delivery of the
                        software. Performance obligations for financial services revenue recognised at a point in time include delivery of payments and
                        invoice processing transactions.


                        5. EXPENSES
                        Overhead allocation

                        The presentation of the Income Statement by function requires certain overhead costs to be allocated to functions. These
                        allocations require management to apply judgement. Facilities, internal use information technology costs, and depreciation and
                        amortisation relating to internal use software have been allocated to functions on a headcount basis. Recruitment costs have been
                        allocated according to the number of employees employed in each function during the period.

                        Sales tax		

                        The Income Statement and the Statement of Cash Flows have been prepared so that all components are stated exclusive of sales
                        tax, except where sales tax is not recoverable. All items in the Statement of Financial Position are stated net of sales tax, with the
                        exception of trade receivables and trade payables, which include sales tax payable. Sales tax includes Goods and Services Tax and
                        Value Added Tax where applicable.
                        50 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                        Cost of revenue and operating expenses

                                                                                                                                                          2026                  2025
                         Year ended 31 March                                                                                                           ($000s)               ($000s)

                         Employee entitlements                                                                                                      1,065,719              830,625
                         Employee entitlements capitalised                                                                                          (337,966)              (233,838)
                         Share-based payments                                                                                                         317,029              204,026
                         Share-based payments capitalised                                                                                            (76,944)               (52,148)
                         Advertising and marketing                                                                                                   369,057               304,686
                         Platform costs                                                                                                              144,320                105,141
                         Platform costs capitalised                                                                                                   (13,619)               (8,441)
                         Consultants and contractors                                                                                                 170,285                113,328
                         Consultants and contractors capitalised                                                                                     (72,900)               (56,331)




For personal use only
                         Computer equipment and software                                                                                               93,913               67,826
                         Post-retirement benefits                                                                                                     59,457                 42,127
                         Travel-related costs                                                                                                          39,701               28,529
                         Recruitment and other personnel costs                                                                                         16,684                16,138
                         Communication, insurance and office administration                                                                            16,257                12,159
                         Rental costs                                                                                                                  11,688                9,965
                         Auditor's remuneration                                                                                                         1,726                 1,388
                         Other operating expenses and cost of revenues                                                                                249,781               72,069
                         Total cost of revenue and operating expenses excl. depreciation and amortisation*                                         2,054,188              1,457,249

                         * Net of $501.4 million of costs capitalised as intangible assets (2025: $350.8 million) and grant income of $1.3 million (2025: $2.0 million)


                        Depreciation and amortisation

                                                                                                                                                          2026                  2025
                         Year ended 31 March                                                                                                           ($000s)               ($000s)

                         Relating to:
                         Amortisation of development costs                                                                                            316,591               235,118
                         Amortisation of other intangible assets                                                                                      30,622                 18,133
                         Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                                                35,559                29,509
                         Total depreciation and amortisation                                                                                         382,772               282,760
                         Total cost of revenue and operating expenses                                                                             2,436,960               1,740,009

                         Depreciation and amortisation included in function expenses as follows:
                         Product design and development                                                                                              306,474               228,902
                         Sales and marketing                                                                                                          52,605                34,065
                         Cost of revenue                                                                                                               13,244                9,608
                         General and administration                                                                                                    10,449                10,185
                         Total depreciation and amortisation                                                                                         382,772               282,760
                                                                                                  REFLECTIONS         GOVERNANCE           FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES         51




                        Auditor’s remuneration

                        The auditor of the Xero Group is Ernst & Young New Zealand.

                        Fees paid to the principal group auditor

                                                                                                                                                   2026                  2025
                         Year ended 31 March                                                                                                    ($000s)               ($000s)

                         Fees for auditing and reviewing of the statutory financial statements                                                  1,253                   873
                         Fees for other assurance and agreed-upon-procedures services under legislation or contractual
                         arrangements not required to be performed by the auditor
                           Assurance engagements*                                                                                                 378                   507
                         Fees for other services
                           Other non-audit services**                                                                                               73                     8
                         Total principal group auditor's remuneration                                                                           1,704                 1,388




For personal use only
                         * Assurance engagement services relate to ISO 27001 certification, ISAE 3402 assurance, limited assurance over our carbon data, and grant assurance
                         (2025: ISO 27001 certification, limited assurance over our carbon data and comfort letter procedures)
                         ** Other non-audit services relate to the provision of remuneration market data and sustainability and climate workshops

                        The auditor of the Melio subsidiary statutory financial statements is PricewaterhouseCoopers.

                        Fees paid to the other auditors

                                                                                                                                                   2026                  2025
                         Year ended 31 March                                                                                                    ($000s)               ($000s)

                         Fees for auditing and reviewing of the statutory financial statements                                                      22                     –
                         Total other auditor’s remuneration                                                                                         22                     –



                        6. OTHER INCOME AND EXPENSES
                        Other income

                                                                                                                                                   2026                  2025
                         Year ended 31 March                                                                                                    ($000s)               ($000s)

                         Foreign exchange gains                                                                                                92,625                      –
                         Other income                                                                                                             451                     72
                         Total other income                                                                                                   93,076                      72


                        Other expenses

                                                                                                                                                   2026                  2025
                         Year ended 31 March                                                                                                    ($000s)               ($000s)

                         Revaluation of contingent consideration                                                                                   46                 2,090
                         Other expenses                                                                                                            84                 1,882
                         Total other expenses                                                                                                     130                 3,972



                        7. FINANCE INCOME AND EXPENSE
                        Finance income

                                                                                                                                                   2026                  2025
                         Year ended 31 March                                                                                                    ($000s)               ($000s)

                         Interest income on cash and deposits                                                                                 106,921               100,328
                         Gain on repurchase of convertible note                                                                                      –               36,105
                         Finance lease interest income                                                                                             96                    55
                         Total finance income                                                                                                 107,017               136,488
                        52 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                        Finance expense

                                                                                                                                      2026                2025
                         Year ended 31 March                                                                                       ($000s)             ($000s)

                         Amortisation of discount and debt issuance costs                                                         58,369               51,201
                         Lease liability interest                                                                                   7,913              7,547
                         Derivative revaluation loss                                                                              57,470              29,886
                         Interest on convertible note                                                                             25,599              20,380
                         Unwind of contingent consideration                                                                        3,722                  352
                         Loan commitment revaluation loss                                                                               –              9,494
                         Amortisation of bank facility fees                                                                          725                    –
                         Interest on syndicated facilities                                                                         17,129                   –
                         Other finance expense                                                                                      3,105             10,670




For personal use only
                         Total finance expense                                                                                   174,032             129,530



                        8. EARNINGS PER SHARE
                        The Group presents basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS) data for its ordinary shares.

                        Basic EPS is calculated by dividing the net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Company by the weighted average
                        number of ordinary shares on issue during the year, excluding shares held as treasury shares.

                        Diluted EPS is determined by adjusting the net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders and the weighted average number of
                        ordinary shares on issue for the effects of all potential dilution to ordinary shares, which comprise convertible notes, restricted
                        shares, options, and restricted stock units (RSUs). Instruments are only treated as dilutive when their conversion to ordinary shares
                        would decrease EPS or increase the loss per share.

                        During the period, the Company completed a Share Purchase Plan (SPP), issuing 741,538 new shares to eligible shareholders at a
                        discounted price of AUD174.67 per share, a 2% discount to the 5-day volume weighted average price up to and including the closing
                        date of the SPP. This issue contained a bonus element because the subscription price was less than the fair value of the shares. The
                        weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding for all periods presented has been retrospectively restated by applying
                        the theoretical ex-rights price factor resulting from the bonus element. This adjustment was for the purposes of the earnings per
                        share calculations only and does not impact actual share capital on issue.

                        The shares issued as a result of the institutional placement were included in the weighted average number of ordinary shares
                        outstanding from the date of issue. Since the placement was not offered to all shareholders, the discount element of this
                        transaction did not require retrospective restatement.

                        Diluted EPS is negative in the current year due to the required ‘if-converted’ adjustment, which excludes the non-cash revaluation
                        gains related to the embedded derivative of the 2031 convertible notes. While the Company maintains call spread transactions to
                        economically hedge against potential dilution from these notes, these instruments are excluded from the calculation of diluted
                        EPS, as the call options were ‘out-of-the-money’ during the period. Consequently, the diluted EPS does not reflect the offsetting
                        economic benefit of the call spread transactions, which would have resulted in a positive impact on net profit of $302.1 million had
                        they been included.

                                                                                                                                     2026                2025
                         Year ended 31 March                                                                                       (000s)*             (000s)*

                         Net profit attributable to equity holders of the Group, used in calculating basic EPS                  $167,420            $227,817
                         Add back: revaluation gain, amortisation of debt discount and interest on 2031 convertible notes      ($200,636)                   –
                         Net profit/(loss) attributable to equity holders of the Group, used in calculating diluted EPS         ($33,216)           $227,817
                         Basic weighted average number of ordinary shares                                                        164,588             152,726
                         Shares issuable in relation to convertible notes                                                          8,436                    –
                         Shares issuable in relation to equity-based compensation schemes                                          2,833                1,911
                         Diluted weighted average number of ordinary shares                                                      175,857             154,637
                         Basic earnings per share                                                                                  $1.02               $1.49
                         Diluted earnings/(loss) per share                                                                         ($0.19)             $1.47

                         * Except for per share amounts

                        For both periods presented, the weighted average number of shares outstanding used in computation of diluted earnings per share
                        does not include the effect of share options, convertible notes and call spread options, where their impact would be anti-dilutive.
                                                                                           REFLECTIONS       GOVERNANCE        FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES       53




                        9. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                                                       2026                2025
                         At 31 March                                                                                                ($000s)             ($000s)

                         Prepayments                                                                                               92,631              76,605
                         Accrued income                                                                                            63,289              44,478
                         Trade receivables                                                                                         59,169             23,844
                         Provision for doubtful debts                                                                               (1,734)            (1,359)
                         Interest receivable                                                                                        7,522             25,904
                         Other receivables                                                                                         22,137              23,249
                         Total trade and other receivables                                                                        243,014             192,721


                        Trade and other receivables are initially recognised at the fair value of the amounts to be received. They are subsequently
                        measured at amortised cost (using the effective interest method) less impairment losses.




For personal use only
                        Trade receivables relate primarily to subscriptions to Xero’s software products, the majority paid by direct debit. At 31 March 2026,
                        trade receivables of the Group of $1.9 million were past due and are considered partially impaired (2025: $2.6 million).

                        Other receivables at 31 March 2026 include $0.16 million receivable in relation to shares that were sold to cover employees’
                        withholding obligations under Xero’s employee share-based compensation plans (2025: $22.7 million). A corresponding liability is
                        recognised in employee entitlements.


                          Key estimates and assumptions
                          In accordance with NZ IFRS 9: Financial Instruments, the Group recognises impairment losses using an Expected Credit Loss
                          (ECL) model. The Group calculates the impairment for trade receivables using lifetime ECL, which is the expected credit loss
                          resulting from all possible default events over the expected life of the trade receivable.

                          A six-month historical default rate is applied to the current period trade receivable balance to calculate any impairment.
                          The carrying amount of the asset is reduced through the use of a provision account, and the amount of the loss is recognised
                          in the Income Statement. When a receivable is uncollectable, it is written off against the provision account for receivables.
                          Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited to the Income Statement.



                        10. FUNDS RECEIVABLE AND CUSTOMER ACCOUNTS
                                                                                                                                       2026                2025
                         At 31 March                                                                                                ($000s)             ($000s)

                         Funds receivable and customer accounts                                                                   580,157                     –
                         Total funds receivable and customer accounts                                                             580,157                     –

                        As a result of the Melio acquisition, the Group recognises funds receivable and customer accounts (this is a flow-through account),
                        with a corresponding liability offset in the balance sheet, recognised as funds payable and amounts due to customers which is
                        outlined in Note 15.

                        The Group receives customer funds into, and sends funds from, pooled custodial accounts held for the benefit of Melio’s customers,
                        as the customers are the principal beneficiaries of the accounts. The Group receives interest on the balances of these accounts and
                        holds the risk of default on these accounts above any government/federal deposit protection schemes.

                        Funds receivable and customer accounts are initially recognised at the fair value of the amounts to be received. They are
                        subsequently measured at amortised cost (using the effective interest method) less impairment losses.


                          Key estimates and assumptions
                          In accordance with NZ IFRS 9: Financial Instruments, the Group recognises impairment losses using an Expected Credit Loss
                          (ECL) model. The Group calculates the impairment for trade receivables using lifetime ECL, which is the expected credit loss
                          resulting from all possible default events over the expected life of the customer account balances.

                          A historical default rate is applied to the current period funds receivable and customer accounts to calculate any impairment.
                          The carrying amount of the asset is reduced through the use of a provision account, and the amount of a loss is recognised in the
                          Income Statement. When a balance is considered uncollectable, it is written off against the provision; any subsequent recoveries
                          of amounts previously written off are credited to the Income Statement.
                        54 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                        11. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                             RIGHT OF USE                LEASEHOLD     FURNITURE AND     COMPUTER
                                                                                   ASSET              IMPROVEMENTS        EQUIPMENT     EQUIPMENT             TOTAL
                         Year ended 31 March 2026                                ($000s)                    ($000s)          ($000s)       ($000s)          ($000s)

                         Opening net book value                                 85,466                     29,786            4,223         4,023          123,498
                         Additions                                               11,867                     4,870            2,789         8,857           28,383
                         Acquisitions*                                           62,213                      4,131            1,252        1,784           69,380
                         Impairments and disposals                                 (961)                      (342)            (179)         (132)          (1,614)
                         Reassessment of lease liabilities                           60                          –                –             –              60
                         Depreciation expense                                   (22,768)                    (6,961)          (1,887)      (3,943)         (35,559)
                         Foreign exchange adjustment                             2,948                       (1,118)         (1,525)      (4,373)          (4,068)
                         Closing net book value                                138,825                    30,366             4,673         6,216          180,080




For personal use only
                         At 31 March 2026
                         Cost                                                   233,187                    57,678           12,683        15,853          319,401
                         Accumulated depreciation                              (94,362)                    (27,312)          (8,010)      (9,637)         (139,321)
                         Closing net book value                                138,825                    30,366             4,673         6,216          180,080

                         * Refer to Note 26


                                                                             RIGHT OF USE                LEASEHOLD     FURNITURE AND     COMPUTER
                                                                                   ASSET              IMPROVEMENTS        EQUIPMENT     EQUIPMENT             TOTAL
                         Year ended 31 March 2025                                ($000s)                    ($000s)          ($000s)       ($000s)          ($000s)

                         Opening net book value                                 90,889                     25,489            5,452         3,398          125,228
                         Additions                                                9,772                     9,599              802         3,629           23,802
                         Acquisitions                                               692                           1              18           54              765
                         Impairments and disposals                                 (709)                      (163)              (3)          (49)           (924)
                         Reassessment of lease liabilities                        1,447                          –                –             –            1,447
                         Depreciation expense                                   (18,573)                   (5,784)            (2,117)     (3,035)         (29,509)
                         Foreign exchange adjustment                              1,948                       644                71            26           2,689
                         Closing net book value                                 85,466                     29,786            4,223         4,023          123,498

                         At 31 March 2025
                         Cost                                                   154,481                   48,284            13,873         7,869          224,507
                         Accumulated depreciation                               (69,015)                  (18,498)          (9,650)       (3,846)         (101,009)
                         Closing net book value                                 85,466                     29,786            4,223         4,023          123,498


                          Key estimates and assumptions

                          Property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment
                          losses.

                          Depreciation on assets is charged on a straight-line basis to allocate the differences between their original cost and the
                          residual values over their estimated useful lives, as follows:

                           Right-of-use asset*                                                                                          Term of lease**
                           Leasehold improvements                                                                                       Term of lease**
                           Furniture and equipment                                                                                      2-7 years
                           Computer equipment                                                                                           2-3 years

                           * Substantially all of the right-of-use asset relates to building leases
                           ** Lease terms range between 1 and 12 years (2025: 2 and 12 years)
                                                                                                     REFLECTIONS         GOVERNANCE           FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES          55




                        12. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                             SOFTWARE                CONTRACT                   OTHER
                                                                          DEVELOPMENT        ACQUISITION ASSET      INTANGIBLE ASSETS             GOODWILL                  TOTAL
                        Year ended 31 March 2026                               ($000s)                 ($000s)                ($000s)               ($000s)               ($000s)

                        Opening net book value                               720,914                 44,016                   8,578              405,909                1,179,417
                        Additions*                                           481,415                  18,415                  1,599                      –               501,429
                        Acquisitions**                                       281,443                        –              133,463             4,160,694               4,575,600
                        Amortisation expense                                (316,591)                 (17,081)              (13,541)                     –              (347,213)
                        Disposals                                               (702)                       –                      –                     –                  (702)
                        Foreign exchange adjustment                            3,463                    1,153                   240                 6,221                 11,077
                        Closing net book value                             1,169,942                 46,503                130,339             4,572,824               5,919,608

                        At 31 March 2026




For personal use only
                        Cost                                              1,860,394                  90,727                148,992             4,572,824               6,672,937
                        Accumulated amortisation                           (690,452)                 (44,224)               (18,653)                     –              (753,329)
                        Closing net book value                             1,169,942                 46,503                130,339             4,572,824               5,919,608

                        * Included in software development and other intangible asset additions is $86.5 million of external costs capitalised (2025: $64.8 million)
                        ** Refer to Note 26


                                                                             SOFTWARE                CONTRACT                   OTHER
                                                                          DEVELOPMENT        ACQUISITION ASSET      INTANGIBLE ASSETS             GOODWILL                  TOTAL
                        Year ended 31 March 2025                               ($000s)                 ($000s)                ($000s)               ($000s)               ($000s)

                        Opening net book value                              598,456                  40,744                   8,610              336,346                 984,156
                        Additions                                           332,355                   16,889                   1,514                     –              350,758
                        Acquisitions                                          26,394                        –                  1,110               69,951                 97,455
                        Amortisation expense                                 (235,118)               (15,506)                (2,627)                     –              (253,251)
                        Disposals                                              (2,113)                      –                      –                     –                 (2,113)
                        Foreign exchange adjustment                              940                   1,889                     (29)                (388)                 2,412
                        Closing net book value                              720,914                  44,016                   8,578              405,909                1,179,417

                        At 31 March 2025
                        Cost                                               1,268,279                  82,162                  17,015             405,909               1,773,365
                        Accumulated amortisation                            (547,365)                (38,146)                (8,437)                     –              (593,948)
                        Closing net book value                              720,914                  44,016                   8,578              405,909                1,179,417




                         Software development

                         Costs that are directly associated with the development                         • The expenditure attributable to the software product
                         of software are recognised as intangible assets where the                         during its development can be reliably measured
                         following criteria are met:
                                                                                                         Other development expenditure that does not meet the
                         • It is technically feasible to complete the software product                   above criteria is recognised as an expense when incurred.
                           so that it will be available for use                                          Development costs previously recognised as expenses
                         • Management intends to complete the software product                           are not recognised as assets in a subsequent period.
                           and use or sell it                                                            Research costs, and costs associated with maintenance, are
                         • There is an ability to use or sell the software product                       recognised as an expense when incurred.

                         • It can be demonstrated how the software product will                          At 31 March 2026, if software development capitalisation
                           generate probable future economic benefits                                    rates had been 10% higher/lower with all other variables
                         • Adequate technical, financial, and other resources to                         held constant, the impact on operating expenses would
                           complete the development and to use or sell the software                      have been $43.0 million lower/higher (2025: $30.0 million).
                           product are available
                        56 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                          Contract acquisition costs                                              recoverable amount.

                          In accordance with NZ IFRS 15: Revenue from Contracts with              In accordance with NZ IAS 36: Impairment of Assets,
                          Customers, Xero capitalises incremental costs of obtaining              the recoverable amount of an asset is the greater of fair
                          customer contracts. Capitalisable costs consist of sales                value less costs of disposal or value in use. For the purposes
                          commissions that have a direct relationship to new revenue              of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest
                          contracts obtained. Costs capitalised are amortised to                  levels for which there are separately identifiable cash flows.
                          sales and marketing and expensed over the average period
                                                                                                  Goodwill is tested at least annually for impairment, or
                          of benefit associated with the costs. The period of benefit
                                                                                                  whenever indicators of impairment exist.
                          for the contract acquisition asset is determined to be five
                          years (2025: five years). Management have determined                    Goodwill
                          this as appropriate with reference to estimated customer
                                                                                                  Goodwill represents the excess of purchase consideration
                          lifespans and the useful lives of the software sold to which
                                                                                                  over the fair value of net assets acquired in a business
                          the commissions relate.
                                                                                                  combination. The Group recognised $4.2 billion of goodwill
                                                                                                  in the current year relating to the acquisition of Melio,




For personal use only
                          Other intangible assets
                                                                                                  reflective of the technology development expertise
                          Other intangible assets consist of patents, brands and                  that Melio brings to the Group. The synergies from the
                          trademark costs, along with customer contracts. Other                   acquisition are expected to help the Group to drive growth
                          intangible assets acquired in a business combination are                in Xero’s small business platform and support better
                          initially measured at cost, which is their fair value at the            financial decision-making for customers.
                          date of acquisition. Internally generated assets, excluding
                          capitalised development costs, are not capitalised and                  Finite life asset impairment testing
                          expenditure is recognised in the Income Statement when it
                                                                                                  No impairment loss was recognised during the period.
                          is incurred.
                                                                                                  Goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives
                          Useful lives of intangible assets
                                                                                                  Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units (CGUs),
                          With the exception of goodwill, the useful lives of the
                                                                                                  which are the lowest level of assets that generate cash
                          Group’s intangible assets are assessed to be finite. Assets
                                                                                                  inflows that are largely independent of the cash inflows of
                          with finite lives are amortised over their useful lives and
                                                                                                  other assets. The Group performed a detailed impairment
                          tested for impairment whenever there are indications that
                                                                                                  review of goodwill for the year ended 31 March 2026. The
                          the assets may be impaired.
                                                                                                  allocation of goodwill to CGUs and methodology applied for
                          Amortisation is recognised in the Income Statement on                   the current year testing are outlined below. The allocation
                          a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the             of goodwill to CGUs remains unchanged from prior periods.
                          intangible asset, from the date it is available for use. The            The goodwill arising from the Melio acquisition in October
                          estimated useful lives are as follows:                                  2025 was allocated to the International CGU and Melio CGU
                                                                                                  and tested within the International operating segment.
                           Software development                                    3–7.5 years
                                                                                                  The revenue multiples applied in the testing of ANZ,
                           Contract acquisition asset                                  5 years
                                                                                                  International and Planday below are classified as level two
                           Customer contracts                                      4–7.5 years    on the fair value hierarchy and are based on a 12-month look
                           Patents, brands, and trademark costs *                  5–10 years     back revenue multiple of comparable companies, adjusted
                                                                                                  for a control premium.
                           * Excluding Melio, which has been assessed as having an indefinite
                              useful life                                                         Goodwill
                                                                                                                                             2026              2025
                          Melio brand assets acquired have been recognised with an                 At 31 March                            ($000s)           ($000s)
                          indefinite useful life due to the indefinite benefit the brand
                                                                                                   ANZ CGU                               77,936         77,069
                          will provide to the group.
                                                                                                   International and Melio CGU’s      4,316,612         151,410
                                                                         2026              2025
                           At 31 March                                ($000s)           ($000s)    Planday CGU                           138,611        138,611

                           Melio brand                                18,017                 –     TaxCycle CGU                          39,665         38,819

                           Total                                      18,017                 –     Total                             4,572,824        405,909


                          Impairment considerations                                               Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives
                                                                                                  Brand acquired in the Melio acquisition $18.0m (2025: nil) is
                          At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether there
                                                                                                  allocated to the International CGU.
                          is any indication that an asset may be impaired. Where an
                          indicator of impairment exists, the Group makes a formal                ANZ and International CGUs
                          estimate of the recoverable amount. Where the carrying
                                                                                                  The recoverable amounts of the ANZ and International
                          value of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount, the
                                                                                                  CGUs were calculated on the basis of fair value less costs
                          asset is considered impaired and is written down to its
                                                                                             REFLECTIONS       GOVERNANCE         FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES        57




                          of disposal in accordance with NZ IFRS 13: Fair Value                 assumptions used in performing the assessment that
                          Measurement. Fair value was determined using a 12-month               require judgement are included in the table below.
                          look-back peer company revenue multiple of 3.4 for ANZ
                          (2025: 10.6) and 4.2 for International (2025: 7.9), including a        At 31 March                               2026            2025
                          control premium of 57.1% for ANZ (2025: 58.6%) and 41.1%               Cash flow forecast period             5 years         5 years
                          for International (2025: 39.4%). A sensitivity analysis has            Terminal growth rate                       4%             4%
                          been performed over the key inputs to the determined
                          revenue multiple, being the publicly traded multiples of               Discount rate (post-tax)                  13%            12%
                          peer companies and the control premium. A reasonably                   Discount rate (pre-tax)                   17%            16%
                          possible change in the key inputs would not give rise to
                          an impairment.                                                        The compound annual cash flow growth rate over the 5-year
                                                                                                forecast period is 26% (2025: 48%). Growth in cash flows
                          Planday CGU                                                           reflects the fact that revenues are expected to increase at
                          The recoverable amount of the Planday CGU was                         a much higher rate than expenses as economies of scale
                          calculated on the basis of fair value less costs of disposal          are achieved. The forecast financial information was based




For personal use only
                          in accordance with NZ IFRS 13: Fair Value Measurement.                on both past experience and future expectations of CGU
                          Fair value was determined using a 12-month look-back peer             performance. The terminal growth rate was determined
                          company revenue multiple of 4.2 (2025: 4.5), including                based on the long-term anticipated growth rate of the
                          a control premium of 41.8% (2025: 39.8%). A sensitivity               business and was determined with reference to external
                          analysis has been performed over the key inputs to the                benchmarks. The discount rate used is based on the CGU’s
                          determined revenue multiple, being the publicly traded                weighted average cost of capital, and was determined by an
                          multiples of peer companies and the control premium.                  external valuation specialist.
                          With all other variables held constant, the revenue multiple
                                                                                                A sensitivity analysis was performed over the key inputs
                          would need to decrease by 44.3% (2025: 12.8%) or the
                                                                                                used in the value-in-use valuation, being the discount rate,
                          control premium would need to decrease by 55.8% (2025:
                                                                                                terminal growth rate and cash flow forecasts. With all other
                          45.1%) before the recoverable amount of the CGU would be
                                                                                                variables held constant, the discount rate would need to
                          less than its carrying value.
                                                                                                increase by 13 percentage points, the terminal growth rate
                          TaxCycle CGU                                                          would need to decrease by 38 percentage points, or the
                                                                                                forecast cash flows would need to be discounted by 62%
                          The recoverable amount of the TaxCycle CGU was
                                                                                                before the recoverable amount of the CGU would be less
                          determined based on a value in use calculation using
                                                                                                than its carrying value.
                          a discounted cash flow model. The major inputs and



                        13. INVESTMENTS IN FINANCIAL ASSETS
                                                                                                                                          2026                2025
                         At 31 March                                                                                                   ($000s)             ($000s)

                         Balance at 1 April                                                                                           43,737                      –
                         Acquisitions & additions                                                                                           –             42,103
                         Foreign exchange adjustment                                                                                       (11)             1,634
                         Balance at 31 March                                                                                          43,726              43,737


                        Xero’s investments in financial assets comprise a 2.5% shareholding in Deputy, a global people platform for hourly work.

                        The investment is remeasured at fair value at each reporting date, with fair value gains or losses recognised in the Income
                        Statement. The 31 March 2026 valuation resulted in no revaluation gain or loss for the period.


                          Key estimates and assumptions

                          The fair value of the investment in financial assets is determined using a combination of level two and level three inputs,
                          resulting in an overall classification of level three on the fair value hierarchy. Fair value of the shares as at 31 March 2026 was
                          determined using a multiple of 7.7 (2025: 11.8), along with consideration of the specific rights associated with the preference
                          shares. The revenue multiple was determined with reference to a range of market multiples, adjusted to factor in Deputy’s
                          financial performance. A 10% increase or decrease in the multiple used would have no impact on the valuation at 31 March
                          2026.
                        58 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                        14. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                                                                        2026               2025
                         At 31 March                                                                                                 ($000s)            ($000s)

                         Trade payables                                                                                             18,476              12,201
                         Accrued expenses                                                                                           92,431             60,289
                         Sales tax payable                                                                                          42,653              19,085
                         Total trade and other payables                                                                           153,560               91,575


                        The Group recognises trade and other payables initially at fair value and subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest
                        method. The amounts are unsecured and non-interest bearing.


                        15. FUNDS PAYABLE AND AMOUNTS DUE TO CUSTOMERS




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                        2026               2025
                         At 31 March                                                                                                 ($000s)            ($000s)

                         Funds payable and amounts due to customers                                                                580,157                   –
                         Total funds payable and customer accounts                                                                 580,157                   –


                        As a result of the Melio acquisition, the Group recognises funds payable and amounts due to customers. This is a flow-through
                        account, with a corresponding asset offset in the balance sheet, recognised as funds receivable and customer accounts outlined in
                        Note 10.

                        The Group recognises funds payable and amounts due to customers initially at fair value and subsequently at amortised cost using
                        the effective interest method.

                        Funds payable and amounts due to customers represent funds received by Melio on behalf of the payer, which has not yet been
                        settled with the designated payee. Funds are typically held for 1-3 days before they are paid out.


                        16. OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES
                                                                                                                                        2026               2025
                         At 31 March                                                                              NOTES              ($000s)            ($000s)

                         Income in advance                                                                                         66,888               49,031
                         Accrued interest                                                                                           13,408               7,934
                         Contingent consideration                                                                   19              20,613               5,312
                         Deferred consideration                                                                     20             30,505                    –
                         Other current liabilities                                                                                   4,678                 139
                         Total other current liabilities                                                                           136,092              62,416


                        The Group recognises other current liabilities, excluding contingent consideration and deferred consideration, initially at fair value,
                        and subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Contingent consideration is recognised initially at the
                        present value of expected future cash flows, and subsequently at fair value. Adjustments are made to the fair value where expected
                        achievement against targets change. Deferred consideration is recognised initially at the present value of expected future cash
                        flows, and subsequently at amortised cost.

                        Income in advance is recognised when the Group has received consideration prior to services being rendered. All income in advance
                        from the prior period was subsequently recognised as revenue in the year.
                                                                                            REFLECTIONS       GOVERNANCE         FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES      59




                        17. EMPLOYEE ENTITLEMENTS
                                                                                                                                         2026                2025
                         At 31 March                                                                                                  ($000s)             ($000s)

                         Leave entitlements                                                                                          62,951              41,735
                         Employee incentive plans                                                                                    36,654              20,859
                         Payroll taxes payable                                                                                       24,007              24,601
                         Wages payable                                                                                               15,487               5,447
                         Post-retirement benefits                                                                                     6,459               3,362
                         Accrued equity on-costs                                                                                      2,666               6,802
                         Other employee benefits                                                                                     11,949                7,714
                         Balance at 31 March                                                                                        160,173             110,520




For personal use only
                         Current                                                                                                    152,785             109,059
                         Non-current                                                                                                  7,388                1,461


                        The Group recognises employee entitlements initially at fair value and subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest
                        method.


                        18. LEASE LIABILITIES
                                                                                                                                         2026                2025
                         At 31 March                                                                                                  ($000s)             ($000s)

                         Balance at 1 April                                                                                          110,105            116,336
                         Leases entered into during the period                                                                       10,205               7,893
                         Acquisitions*                                                                                               66,655                 628
                         Principal repayments                                                                                       (21,927)            (18,989)
                         Change in future lease payments                                                                              3,194               1,447
                         Foreign exchange adjustment                                                                                  4,084               2,790
                         Balance at 31 March                                                                                        172,316              110,105

                         Current                                                                                                     33,489              18,402
                         Non-current                                                                                                138,827              91,703

                         * Refer to Note 26


                        Under NZ IFRS 16: Leases, the Group is required to recognise lease liabilities for contracts identified as containing a lease, except
                        when the lease is for 12 months or less, or the underlying asset is of low value. The majority of the Group’s leases relate to buildings.

                        Payments associated with short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised on a straight-line basis as an expense
                        in the Income Statement. The expense relating to short-term leases for the year ended 31 March 2026 was $2.3 million (2025: $1.0
                        million). Low-value assets comprise IT equipment. The expense relating to low-value assets for the year ended 31 March 2026 was
                        $3.8 million (2025: $3.7 million).

                        Lease liabilities are initially measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments, discounted at the Group’s incremental
                        borrowing rate. Subsequently, the carrying value of the liability is adjusted to reflect interest and lease payments made. Lease
                        liabilities may be re-measured if there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in an index or market rate, if there
                        is a change in the Group’s estimate of the amount expected to be payable, or if the Group changes its assessment of whether it will
                        exercise a renewal or termination option.

                        At lease commencement, the Group assesses whether it expects to exercise renewal or termination options included in contracts.
                        Where it is reasonably certain that such options will be exercised, these are included in the determination of the lease term. The
                        lease term is reassessed if there is a significant event or change in circumstances, that is within the Group’s control, which affects
                        whether the Group is reasonably certain to exercise an option.
                        60 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                        19. CONTINGENT CONSIDERATION
                                                                                                                                       2026                2025
                         At 31 March                                                                             NOTES              ($000s)             ($000s)

                         Balance at 1 April                                                                                         15,654                  2,149
                         Acquisitions & additions                                                                  26               99,182              17,145
                         Disposals & settlements                                                                                    (5,779)             (5,732)
                         Unwinding of discount                                                                       7               3,722                   352
                         Change in fair value estimate – loss recognised in the Income Statement                     6                 46               2,090
                         Foreign exchange adjustment                                                                                   99                   (350)
                         Balance at 31 March                                                                                       112,924              15,654

                         Current                                                                                    16              20,613                  5,312




For personal use only
                         Non-current                                                                                                92,311              10,342


                        Contingent consideration comprises the Group’s scenario based and probability-weighted assessment of discounted amounts
                        payable to vendors in respect of business acquisitions.

                        The addition of $99.2 million in contingent consideration pertains to the acquisition of Melio.

                        During the year, contingent consideration payments totaling $5.8 million were made to the former shareholders of Syft. These
                        payments were linked to the achievement of revenue and product development milestones.

                        Changes in fair value estimates for the year ended 31 March 2026 included a revaluation loss. This was primarily driven by
                        accelerating the expected settlement of a significant product milestone, which was partially offset by extending the timing of other
                        product milestones.

                        The closing balance of contingent consideration is payable as follows:

                         • Syft ($10.8 million): Expected to be settled in cash. The full balance is classified as non-current and is expected to become
                           payable following the achievement of specified product milestones, which are anticipated to be met by December 2027. Payable
                           to the former shareholders of Syft

                         • Melio ($102.1 million): At least 50% must be settled in cash and the remaining portion may be settled in either cash or equity at
                           the Group’s discretion. The current portion is expected to become payable upon achieving specified business performance and
                           integration milestones within the next 12 months. The non-current portion is contingent upon specified business performance and
                           integration milestones, which are anticipated to be met by October 2028. Payable to the former shareholder employees of Melio
                           (who may or may not still be employed by the Group)


                          Key estimates and assumptions

                          The fair value of contingent consideration is determined as follows:

                          • Contingent consideration based on a sliding scale is valued based on a scenario based technique against a range of
                            factors including revenue, gross profit and monthly active user targets (level three on the fair value hierarchy), and then a
                            probability-weighting applied and discounted based on the acquired entity’s cost of debt.

                          • Contingent consideration based on all or nothing is determined using valuation techniques such as probability-weighted
                            forecasts of meeting certain product development and revenue targets (level three on the fair value hierarchy), and is
                            discounted based on the acquired entity’s cost of debt.

                          The scenarios and probability of achievement is reviewed, and the fair value of the related liability is adjusted at each reporting
                          period or as circumstances change. Probabilities of achievement range between 20% and 100%.

                          Sensitivity analyses were undertaken for the significant unobservable inputs (discount rates and achievement probabilities)
                          used to calculate the fair value of contingent consideration as at 31 March 2026. Any resulting changes in the carrying amount
                          would be recognised in profit or loss

                          When applying probability sensitivities, the absolute adjustments are capped at a maximum of 100% and bounded at a
                          minimum of 0%. Where base case probabilities are 0%, a 10% relative increase results in no change to the valuation.

                          • Syft: A 10% increase or decrease in the discount rate would have resulted in a corresponding decrease or increase of $0.1
                            million (2025: $0.2 million). A 10% absolute increase or decrease in the applied probabilities would have resulted in a
                            corresponding increase or decrease of $1.1 million (2025: $1.0 million increase / $1.3 million decrease).
                                                                                           REFLECTIONS       GOVERNANCE         FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES        61




                          • Melio: A 10% increase or decrease in the discount rate would have resulted in a corresponding decrease or increase of $1.3
                            million. Melio contingent consideration is built around two basis: all or nothing, and a sliding scale. A 10% absolute increase
                            or decrease in the applied probabilities for all or nothing would result in a corresponding increase or decrease of $5.8m. A
                            10% increase to the absolute probabilities for sliding scale would result in a corresponding increase or decrease of $4.4m.
                            Contractual payments are denominated in USD. Based on all or nothing, contractual payments range between USD0.0m and
                            USD40.7m, and based on the sliding scale, contractual payments range between USD0.0m and USD317.9m.


                        20. DEFERRED CONSIDERATION
                                                                                                                                                           2026
                         At 31 March                                                                                                 NOTES              ($000s)

                         Balance at 1 April                                                                                                                     –
                         Acquisitions                                                                                                   26              83,192
                         Unwinding of discount                                                                                                           2,362
                         Foreign exchange adjustment                                                                                                          100




For personal use only
                         Balance at 31 March                                                                                                           85,654

                         Current                                                                                                        16             30,505
                         Non-current                                                                                                                    55,149


                        Deferred consideration comprises the Group’s discounted amounts payable to vendors in respect of standard commercial holdback
                        provisions. The addition of $83.2 million in deferred consideration pertains to the acquisition of Melio, which is payable across a
                        period of three years.

                        During the year, there have been no payments of deferred consideration, and $2.4 million was recognised as a finance cost
                        representing the unwinding of the discount.

                        The closing balance of deferred consideration is held at amortised cost and is payable to the former shareholders of Melio, which is
                        expected to be settled in cash. The current portion of deferred consideration is payable once the first payment period has passed in
                        October 2026 and is subject to various holdback requirements. The non-current portion is payable following the remaining payment
                        periods and is subject to various holdback requirements.


                          Key estimates and assumptions

                          The fair value has been determined using a discounted cash flow valuation technique. The significant inputs used in the
                          measurement are observable market interest rates drawn from active markets to determine the appropriate cost of debt. The
                          carrying amount of the deferred consideration is a reasonable approximation of its fair value.

                          A sensitivity analysis was undertaken in relation to the discount rate applied in calculating the value of the contingent
                          consideration arising from the Melio acquisition. A 10% increase or decrease in the discount rate would have resulted in a
                          corresponding decrease or increase of $1.0 million in the liability.



                        21. BORROWINGS
                        Term debt

                        Borrowings consist of the 2031 convertible notes and the syndicated facilities.

                                                                                                                                       2026                2025
                         At 31 March                                                                                                ($000s)             ($000s)

                         Current                                                                                                 1,259,003           1,228,572
                         Non-current                                                                                              693,669                       –
                         Total borrowings                                                                                        1,952,672           1,228,572


                        Convertible notes

                        On 2 December 2020, Xero Investments Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, made an offering of USD700 million of
                        convertible notes (the ‘2025 notes’).

                        In June 2024, Xero Investments Limited made a new convertible notes offering of USD925 million (the ‘2031 notes’). In conjunction
                        with the settlement of the 2031 notes, Xero Investments Limited substantially repurchased the 2025 notes and unwound the
                        existing call spread options.
                        62 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                        Maturity of the 2025 convertible notes

                        During June 2024 and July 2024, Xero Investments Limited repurchased USD683.3 million ($1,112.3 million) of the 2025 notes for a
                        total cash consideration of USD654.4 million ($1,065.4 million).

                        The term debt and embedded derivative component, which were historically accounted for at amortised cost and fair value
                        respectively, were settled at fair value. The repurchase resulted in a $36.1 million gain on the term debt and embedded derivative
                        being recognised within finance income in the Income Statement for the year ended 31 March 2025.

                        On 2 December 2025, the remaining USD16.7 million ($29.2 million) of the 2025 notes matured and was settled in full for cash. As a
                        result, the 2025 notes liability was derecognised from the Statement of Financial Position. There are no remaining carrying values
                        or further obligations in relation to the 2025 notes as at 31 March 2026.

                                                                                                                                         2026                2025
                         At 31 March                                                                                                  ($000s)             ($000s)

                         Principal amount                                                                                                  –             29,216
                         Unamortised debt discount                                                                                         –                 (628)




For personal use only
                         Unamortised issuance costs                                                                                        –                  (34)
                         Term debt                                                                                                         –             28,554

                        Unwind of the 2025 call spread transactions
                        In conjunction with the repurchase of the 2025 notes, the 2025 call spread options were unwound in the prior year for a total price
                        of USD11.7 million ($19.1 million). The lower strike call options were accounted for as derivative assets in the Statement of Financial
                        Position at their estimated fair value. The derivative assets were adjusted to fair value at each reporting period. Revaluations
                        relating to the 2025 low call spread transactions for the year ended 31 March 2025 are included in Note 23. At unwind, the value of
                        the lower strike call options were $41.9 million.

                        The upper strike call options were accounted for as equity and initially recognised at their fair value less transaction costs. On
                        unwind of the upper strike call options, a $22.9 million loss on settlement was recognised in equity.

                        2031 convertible notes and conversion feature derivative					
                        In June 2024, Xero Investments Limited made an offering of USD925 million convertible notes. The convertible notes were settled
                        on 12 June 2024 and listed on the SGX-ST on 13 June 2024.

                        The 2031 notes are unsubordinated, unsecured obligations of Xero, and have a final maturity date of 12 June 2031. The 2031 notes
                        also include a one-time put option at the end of year five, allowing holders to sell the bond back to the issuer at par. The settlement
                        of the 2031 notes will be in cash unless Xero elects to settle in shares, in which case Xero will be obliged to deliver ordinary shares
                        to relevant noteholders. The cash settlement amount will be calculated based on the volume-weighted average price of the
                        ordinary shares over a 90-day trading period. The initial conversion of the 2031 notes is USD109.6453 per ordinary share based
                        on a fixed exchange rate of AUD1.00 = USD0.6649. At initial recognition, the value of the notes is allocated between the term debt
                        component and the embedded derivative component.

                        The difference between the fair value of the term debt on settlement and the cash received is recognised as debt discount and is
                        amortised as interest expense using the effective interest method over the term of the notes. The principal amount, unamortised
                        debt discount, unamortised issue costs, and net carrying amount of the term debt component of the 2031 notes at 31 March 2026
                        were as follows:

                                                                                                                                         2026                2025
                         At 31 March                                                                                                  ($000s)             ($000s)

                         Principal amount                                                                                          1,617,880           1,618,279
                         Unamortised debt discount                                                                                 (345,590)           (402,776)
                         Unamortised issue costs                                                                                     (13,287)            (15,485)
                         Term debt                                                                                                1,259,003           1,200,018

                        The Group recognised a one-off loan commitment revaluation loss of $9.5 million during the year ended 31 March 2025, reflecting
                        movement in fair value of the term debt component between trade date and settlement date. At initial recognition, the fair value
                        of the 2031 notes was determined using a market interest rate for an equivalent non-convertible bond. The notes are subsequently
                        recognised at amortised cost.

                        The 2031 notes have a coupon rate of 1.625% per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears in equal instalments. This is amortised as
                        interest expense using the effective interest method over the term of the notes. At 31 March 2026, the accrued interest balance was
                        $7.9 million.

                        Liabilities can only be classified as non-current if the entity has a substantive right to defer settlement for at least 12 months after
                        the reporting period. Since the 2031 notes are callable by the holders at any time, Xero does not have the right to defer settlement.
                        As a result, the 2031 notes, along with the associated embedded derivative liabilities, are classified as current liabilities.
                                                                                             REFLECTIONS           GOVERNANCE        FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES       63




                        2031 call spread options					

                        In connection with the issuance of the 2031 notes during the year ended 31 March 2025, Xero purchased call spread options,
                        which are expected to reduce potential dilution to shareholders upon conversion of the notes, offsetting any cash payments Xero
                        may be required to make in excess of the principal amounts on conversion. The call spread options will be effective at offsetting
                        dilution on conversion of the notes up to a share price of USD134.95, converted to AUD at the prevailing exchange rate. The call
                        spread options consist of 0.9 million lower strike call options purchased with an average strike price equal to the conversion price
                        of the notes, and 0.9 million upper strike call options sold with an average strike price of USD134.95. Both the lower call and upper
                        call options are exercisable into a total of approximately 8.4 million ordinary shares. The call spread options have expiry dates
                        between 24 January 2031 and 4 June 2031.

                        The lower strike call options are accounted for as derivative financial assets and are accounted for at their fair value.
                        At 31 March 2026, the fair value of the lower strike call options was $96.8 million (2025: $526.1 million). The upper strike
                        call options are accounted for as equity, and are recognised at their initial fair value, less transaction costs, and were not
                        subsequently revalued. The carrying value of the upper strike call options is $324.6 million (2025: $324.6 million).

                        Transaction costs




For personal use only
                        Transaction costs relating to the convertible notes refinancing and call spread transactions in the prior year totalled $26.9 million.
                        Costs are allocated across the different components of the transactions based on the nature of costs incurred. Where costs
                        incurred related to multiple components, they are allocated based on the relative fair values of those components. The costs were
                        accounted for as follows:

                                                                                 2026                 2025
                         At 31 March                                          ($000s)              ($000s)   Accounting treatment

                         2031 debt component                                       –              15,966     Capitalised and amortised over term of the note
                         2031 conversion feature                                   –               6,328     Recognised immediately in the income statement
                         2031 low call options                                     –                 820     Recognised immediately in the income statement
                         2031 high call options                                    –                 820     Capitalised to equity
                         2025 convertible notes repurchase
                         and call spread unwind                                    –               3,055     Recognised immediately in the income statement
                         Total                                                     –              26,989


                        Syndicated facilities

                                                                                                                                             2026                 2025
                         At 31 March                                                                                                      ($000s)              ($000s)

                         Facility A                                                                                                     349,812                     –
                         Facility B                                                                                                     349,812                     –
                         Unamortised issue costs                                                                                         (5,955)                    –
                         Syndicated facilities                                                                                         693,669                      –


                        On 25 September 2025, the Group entered into two multi-currency syndicated facilities of up to USD200 million each (Facility A and
                        Facility B). As at 31 March 2026, Facility A was drawn down at USD200 million and Facility B was drawn down at USD200 million.
                        The facilities were initially drawn as part of funding support for the Melio acquisition and to provide group liquidity support. The
                        facilities are unsecured and hold terms of three years and five years, respectively.

                        The fair value of the Group’s borrowings is not materially different from their carrying amounts, as the interest payable on these
                        borrowings is at current floating market rates. The interest rates are calculated by adding an agreed margin to the interest period’s
                        Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR). The interest rate at 31 March 2026 for Facility A was 4.9518% and Facility B was 5.1518%.

                        Transaction costs incurred to establish the facility are capitalised and amortised over the facility’s life using the effective interest
                        method. Commitment fees on any undrawn portion are recognised within finance costs.

                        The Group is required to maintain specific financial ratios related to:

                        • net leverage not greater than 3.0:1 (or in the 12 months following a material acquisition, not greater than 3.5:1)
                        • interest cover not less than 3.0:1
                        • EBITDA and Total Assets for the consolidated guarantor entities will not be less than 85% of the EBITDA and Total Assets of the
                          Group
                        • certain non-financial covenants, which are tested semi-annually.

                        As at 31 March 2026, the Group was in compliance with all debt covenants.
                        64 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                        22. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS, CAPITAL AND FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
                        Financial instruments						

                        Financial instruments recognised in the Statement of Financial Position include cash and cash equivalents, short-term deposits,
                        funds receivable and payable, receivables and payables, contingent consideration, deferred consideration, borrowings, investments
                        in financial assets and derivative financial instruments. The Group’s policy is that no speculative trading in financial instruments
                        may be undertaken.

                        Classification and fair values						

                        Xero has carried out a fair value assessment of its financial assets and liabilities at 31 March 2026 in accordance with NZ IFRS 9.

                        Under NZ IFRS 9, financial instruments are classified as either measured at amortised cost, fair value through other comprehensive
                        income, or fair value through profit or loss. The classification of the Group’s financial instruments into these categories is included
                        within the table below.

                        At initial recognition, the fair value of the convertible notes was determined using a market interest rate for an equivalent non-




For personal use only
                        convertible bond. The notes are subsequently recognised at amortised cost. The fair value of the debt component of the notes
                        at 31 March 2026 was $1,299.8 million (2025: $1,281.4 million).

                        There were no transfers between classes of financial instruments, and no financial instruments measured at fair value on a non-
                        recurring basis for the period (2025: nil).						


                          Key estimates and assumptions

                          The Group’s foreign exchange derivatives, conversion feature, call option derivative assets, investment in financial assets and
                          contingent consideration liabilities are recognised at fair value. Information on fair value valuation methodologies can be found
                          within the relevant notes within these financial statements.


                        Included below are financial assets and liabilities held at amortised cost:

                                                                                                                                        2026                2025
                         At 31 March                                                                                                 ($000s)             ($000s)

                         Financial assets at amortised cost
                         Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                884,372              768,427
                         Term deposits                                                                                           1,049,771           1,561,969
                         Trade and other receivables                                                                                87,094              71,638
                         Funds receivable and customer accounts                                                                    580,157                     –
                         Other current assets                                                                                        2,240                   543
                         Other non-current assets                                                                                   25,755               1,093
                          Total financial assets at amortised cost                                                               2,629,389          2,403,670

                         Financial liabilities at amortised cost
                         Trade and other payables                                                                                   18,476              12,201
                         Funds payable and amounts due to customers                                                                580,157                     –
                         Accrued interest                                                                                           13,408               7,934
                         Deferred consideration                                                                                    85,654                       –
                         Other non-current liabilities                                                                                 155                    152
                         Term debt                                                                                               1,952,672           1,228,572
                          Total financial liabilities at amortised cost                                                          2,650,522           1,248,859
                                                                                                     REFLECTIONS         GOVERNANCE           FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES       65




                        Included below are financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis:

                                                                                                                    LEVEL 1         LEVEL 2           LEVEL 3           TOTAL
                         At 31 March 2026                                                                          ($000s)         ($000s)           ($000s)          ($000s)

                         Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
                         Derivative assets (foreign currency derivatives)*                                               –         7,925                   –           7,925
                         Derivative assets (call spread options)                                                         –        96,775                   –         96,775
                         Investment in financial assets                                                                  –               –          43,726           43,726
                         Total financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss                            –       104,700            43,726          148,426

                         Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
                         Derivative liabilities (foreign currency derivatives)*                                          –        64,916                   –         64,916
                         Derivative liabilities (conversion feature on convertible notes)                                –       175,641                   –         175,641
                         Contingent consideration                                                                        –               –          112,924          112,924




For personal use only
                         Total financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss                       –      240,557             112,924         353,481


                                                                                                                    LEVEL 1         LEVEL 2           LEVEL 3           TOTAL
                         At 31 March 2025                                                                          ($000s)         ($000s)           ($000s)          ($000s)

                         Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
                         Derivative assets (foreign currency derivatives)*                                               –        18,486                   –         18,486
                         Derivative assets (call spread options)                                                         –       526,072                   –        526,072
                         Investment in financial assets                                                                  –               –           43,737          43,737
                         Total financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss                            –      544,558             43,737          588,295

                         Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
                         Derivative liabilities (foreign currency derivatives)*                                          –        28,889                   –         28,889
                         Derivative liabilities (conversion feature on convertible notes)                                –       546,141                   –         546,141
                         Contingent consideration                                                                        –               –           15,654           15,654
                         Total financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss                       –      575,030              15,654         590,684

                         * Foreign currency derivatives are hedge accounted when possible, with unrealised gains and losses recognised in other comprehensive income until
                         the underlying cash flows are realised, at which point the gains and losses are reclassified to the Income Statement


                        Capital management

                        For the purposes of capital management, the Group’s capital primarily consists of equity raised by the issue of ordinary shares
                        in the Company and issued debt. Xero manages its capital in order to maintain an appropriate capital structure to support the
                        business and maximise shareholder value. The Group’s capital structure is adjusted based on business needs and economic
                        conditions.

                        Financial risk management

                        The Group is exposed to the following risks through the normal course of business and from its use of financial instruments:

                        a. Market risk
                        b. Liquidity risk
                        c. Credit risk

                        The following presents both qualitative and quantitative information on the Group’s exposure to each of the above risks, along with
                        policies and processes for managing risk.

                        (a) Market risk

                        The Group is exposed to market risk primarily through changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates.
                        66 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                        Foreign currency risk

                        Nature of risk
                        Foreign currency risk is the risk that the changes to foreign currency exchange rates negatively impact the Group’s New Zealand
                        dollar (NZD) net cash flows.

                        Exposure and risk management
                        Xero is exposed to currency risk from the operations of foreign subsidiaries and foreign currency denominated expenses in the
                        parent Company. The Group has significant operations in four foreign currencies, being Australian dollars (AUD), United States
                        dollars (USD), Great British pounds (GBP), and Canadian dollars (CAD), with exposures to other currencies to a lesser degree.
                        The material exposures are USD and CAD outflows, as well as AUD and GBP inflows. In order to reduce the impact of short-term
                        movements in exchange rates, the Group’s treasury policy requires a portion of the next 18 months’ net USD and CAD cash flows,
                        and 24 months’ net AUD and GBP cash flows, to be hedged with foreign exchange contracts and vanilla options (outright purchased
                        options and vanilla collars).

                        The Group’s exposure to monetary foreign currency financial instruments and lease liabilities is outlined below in NZD:




For personal use only
                                                                                      AUD           USD          GBP          CAD          SGD         ZAR
                         At 31 March 2026                                          ($000s)       ($000s)      ($000s)      ($000s)      ($000s)     ($000s)

                         Exposures
                         Cash and cash equivalents, and short-term deposits      108,488       468,834       20,699        5,364        17,698      35,212
                         Trade and other receivables                                7,124        56,168       9,240         4,211         278         247
                         Funds receivable and customer accounts                         –       580,157            –            –            –            –
                         Investments in financial assets                                –       43,726             –            –            –            –
                         Trade and other payables                                  (6,332)       (6,030)       (726)        (280)         (150)       (384)
                         Funds payable and amounts due to customers                     –      (580,157)           –            –            –            –
                         Accrued interest                                               –       (15,492)           –            –            –            –
                         Contingent consideration                                       –      (112,924)           –            –            –            –
                         Deferred consideration                                         –       (85,654)           –            –            –            –
                         Lease liabilities                                       (44,003)       (42,869)    (22,180)        (787)        (532)        (574)
                         Borrowings                                                     –    (2,317,504)           –            –            –            –
                         Derivative financial instruments (foreign currency
                         derivatives)                                            782,441       (211,840)    542,629      (23,096)            –            –
                         Total foreign currency exposure                         847,718     (2,223,585)    549,662      (14,588)      17,294      34,501


                                                                                      AUD           USD          GBP          CAD          SGD         ZAR
                         At 31 March 2025                                          ($000s)       ($000s)      ($000s)      ($000s)      ($000s)     ($000s)

                         Exposures
                         Cash and cash equivalents, and short-term deposits       60,088      1,143,091      44,534        7,433        17,324      19,207
                         Trade and other receivables                                5,316        12,338       7,871        3,565          234         166
                         Investments in financial assets                                –        43,737            –            –            –            –
                         Trade and other payables                                  (4,087)        (1,391)     (1,273)        (177)        (423)     (1,779)
                         Other current liabilities                                      –        (7,934)           –            –            –            –
                         Contingent consideration                                       –       (15,654)           –            –            –            –
                         Lease liabilities                                        (34,671)       (7,705)    (25,546)       (1,015)       (1,161)      (739)
                         Borrowings                                                     –    (1,647,495)           –            –            –            –
                         Derivative financial instruments (foreign currency
                         derivatives)                                            623,557       (190,108)    506,832      (24,485)            –            –
                         Total foreign currency exposure                         650,203        (671,121)   532,418      (14,679)      15,974       16,855
                                                                                            REFLECTIONS        GOVERNANCE        FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES       67




                        As at 31 March, a movement of 10% in the NZD would impact the Income Statement and Statement of Changes in Equity (after
                        hedging), as detailed in the table below:

                                                                                                10% DECREASE                            10% INCREASE

                                                                                                 2026                2025                2026                2025
                         At 31 March                                                          ($000s)             ($000s)             ($000s)             ($000s)

                         Impact on:
                         AUD
                         Net profit before income tax (increase/(decrease))                  (15,314)            (10,412)            12,530                8,519
                         Equity (before income tax) (increase/(decrease))                     87,113             64,383              (71,274)            (52,677)
                         USD
                         Net profit before income tax (increase/(decrease))                 (96,170)              (3,623)            78,685               2,964
                         Equity (before income tax) (increase/(decrease))                    16,869              (49,160)            (13,802)            40,222




For personal use only
                         GBP
                         Net profit before income tax (increase/(decrease))                 (13,577)             (2,225)              11,108               1,820
                         Equity (before income tax) (increase/(decrease))                   63,689               51,468              (52,109)            (42,110)


                        This analysis only includes the effect of foreign exchange movements on financial instruments. All other variables remain constant.

                        Interest rate risk

                        Nature of risk
                        Interest rate risk is the risk that changes in interest rates negatively impact the Group’s financial performance or the value of its
                        financial instruments.

                        Exposure and risk management 						
                        The Group’s interest rate risk arises from its cash and cash equivalents and short-term deposit balances, customer balances, and
                        when term debt is refinanced. Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash in hand, deposits held on call with banks, funds invested
                        in money market funds, and other short-term and highly liquid investments with original maturities of 90 days or less. Surplus
                        balances are placed in short-term investments with high credit quality counterparties. The repricing of these at maturity exposes
                        the Group to interest rate risk. Customer balances generate interest income, therefore changes in market interest rates will impact
                        the Group’s interest income. Money market funds invested into include a broad range of highly rated short-term fixed income
                        securities and calculate investment returns on a daily basis. Changes to interest rates will impact the returns generated by each
                        fund. The convertible notes would give rise to interest rate risk at maturity (June 2031) if the Group were to refinance at prevailing
                        interest rates, with higher interest rates increasing the cost of debt financing should they be in effect at this time.

                        The Group does not currently enter into interest rate hedges. However, management regularly reviews its investment and funding
                        arrangements to ensure it achieves the best returns on its funds while maintaining access to necessary liquidity levels to service
                        the Group’s day-to-day activities.

                        Sensitivity to interest rate risk
                        If interest rates for the year ended 31 March 2026 had been 100 basis points higher/lower with all other variables held constant,
                        the impact on the interest income and net profit of the Group would have been $19.3 million higher/lower, and retained earnings
                        $19.3 million higher/lower (2025: $23.3 million). This analysis assumes that the cash and cash equivalents and short-term deposits
                        balance was consistent with the year-end balance throughout the year. The impact on interest expense and net loss of the Group
                        would have been $3.2 million higher/lower, and retained earnings $3.2 million lower/higher (2025: nil).
                        68 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                        (b) Liquidity risk

                        Nature of risk
                        Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group cannot pay contractual liabilities as they fall due.

                        Exposure and risk management 						
                        At 31 March 2026, the Group held cash and cash equivalents of $884.4 million and term deposits of $1,049.8 million, which are
                        available to be used to service the Group’s day-to-day activities, and for investments into strategic and complementary businesses
                        and assets.

                        The liquidity risk that arises on maturity of the convertible notes in June 2031 is being closely monitored by management, with the
                        intention that there will be repayment or refinancing plans in advance of this to ensure that the Group has sufficient liquidity to
                        meet its contractual obligations as they fall due.

                        The Group’s exposure to liquidity risk based on undiscounted contractual cash flows relating to financial liabilities and lease
                        liabilities is summarised below:




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                      TOTAL
                                                                                     LESS THAN        BETWEEN         BETWEEN           OVER   CONTRACTUAL      CARRYING
                                                                                     12 MONTHS    1 AND 2 YEARS   2 AND 5 YEARS      5 YEARS     CASHFLOWS       AMOUNT
                         At 31 March 2026                                               ($000s)         ($000s)         ($000s)      ($000s)        ($000s)       ($000s)

                         Non-derivative financial liabilities
                         Trade and other payables                                      18,476                –               –            –        18,476        18,476
                         Lease liabilities                                            41,235          42,258          87,927         25,812       197,232       172,316
                         Accrued interest                                             61,635          61,635          141,134        13,145       277,549        13,408
                         Other non-current liabilities                                       –               –            155             –            155          155
                         Contingent consideration                                      21,374          37,815         68,559              –       127,748       112,924
                         Deferred consideration                                       31,467          31,467          31,467              –        94,401       85,654
                         Borrowings                                                          –               –      699,624       1,617,880     2,317,504     1,952,672
                         Contractual cash flows                                      174,187         173,175      1,028,866       1,656,837    3,033,065      2,355,605

                         Derivative financial liabilities
                         Foreign exchange contracts                                          –               –               –            –              –      (64,916)
                           Inflows                                                   912,776         383,727                 –            –    1,296,503               –
                           Outflows                                                 (854,214)      (362,677)                 –            –     (1,216,891)            –
                         Contractual cash flows                                       58,562          21,050                 –            –        79,612       (64,916)


                                                                                                                                                      TOTAL
                                                                                     LESS THAN        BETWEEN         BETWEEN           OVER   CONTRACTUAL      CARRYING
                                                                                     12 MONTHS    1 AND 2 YEARS   2 AND 5 YEARS      5 YEARS     CASHFLOWS       AMOUNT
                         At 31 March 2025                                               ($000s)         ($000s)         ($000s)      ($000s)        ($000s)       ($000s)

                         Non-derivative financial liabilities
                         Trade and other payables                                      12,201                –               –            –         12,201       12,201
                         Lease liabilities                                            24,085          24,529          64,805        18,004        131,423       110,105
                         Accrued interest                                             26,297          26,297          78,891        39,446        170,931         7,934
                         Other non-current liabilities                                       –               –             152            –            152           152
                         Contingent consideration                                       5,651          11,897                –            –        17,548        15,654
                         Borrowings                                                   29,216                 –               –    1,618,279     1,647,495     1,228,572
                         Contractual cash flows                                       97,450          62,723        143,848       1,675,729     1,979,750     1,374,618

                         Derivative financial liabilities
                         Foreign exchange contracts                                          –               –               –            –              –      (28,889)
                           Inflows                                                    417,419       232,950                  –            –      650,369               –
                           Outflows                                                 (396,795)      (222,557)                 –            –      (619,352)             –
                         Contractual cash flows                                       20,624          10,393                 –            –         31,017      (28,889)
                                                                                            REFLECTIONS       GOVERNANCE         FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES        69




                        (c) Credit risk

                        Nature of risk
                        Credit risk arises in the normal course of Xero’s business on financial assets if a counterparty fails to meet its contractual
                        obligations.

                        Exposure and risk management
                        Financial instruments that potentially subject the Group to credit risk principally consist of cash and cash equivalents, short-term
                        deposits, derivatives, bonds and deposits, receivables and funds receivable and customer accounts.

                        The Group manages credit risk by placing cash, short-term deposits, customer accounts and derivative contracts with high-quality
                        financial institutions. The exposure to the credit risk of the call option counterparties means that in the event of default, the Group
                        may have to pay an increased amount on settlement of the convertible notes. The Group manages liquidity by factoring in any
                        risk of default. The credit risk of customer accounts is reduced by government-backed federal deposit insurance. The credit risk
                        associated with trade receivables is small, due to the inherently low transaction value and the distribution over a large number of
                        customers.




For personal use only
                        Group financial assets subject to credit risk at balance date are as follows:

                                                                                                                                         2026                  2025
                         At 31 March                                                                                                  ($000s)               ($000s)

                         Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                  884,372                768,427
                         Short-term deposits                                                                                       1,049,771             1,561,969
                         Trade and other receivables                                                                                 87,094                 71,638
                         Funds receivable and customer accounts                                                                     580,157                      –
                         Derivative financial assets                                                                                104,700               544,558
                         Other current assets                                                                                         2,240                   543
                         Non-current assets                                                                                          25,755                  1,093
                         Total financial assets subject to credit risk                                                            2,734,089              2,948,228

                        A summary of the Group’s exposure to credit risk on cash and cash equivalents, short-term deposits, funds receivable and
                        customer accounts, and derivative assets categorised by external credit risk grading is as follows:

                                                                                                                                         2026                  2025
                         At 31 March                                                                                                  ($000s)               ($000s)

                         Cash and cash equivalents, short-term deposits and funds receivable and customer accounts
                         AAAm                                                                                                      303,209                422,499
                         A-1+                                                                                                      1,465,195             1,554,654
                         A-1                                                                                                       645,684                 347,304
                         A-2                                                                                                        100,212                    99
                         A-3                                                                                                               –                 4,442
                         B                                                                                                                 –                 1,398
                         Total cash and cash equivalents, short-term deposits and funds receivable and customer
                         accounts                                                                                                 2,514,300              2,330,396
                         Derivative assets
                         A-1+                                                                                                         4,529                 12,108
                         A-1                                                                                                         51,784               532,450
                         A-2                                                                                                         48,387                      –
                         Total derivative assets                                                                                    104,700               544,558

                        In addition to the above table, $0.2 million of the Group’s trade and other receivables, other current assets, and non-current assets
                        are with counterparties with an A-1 external credit risk rating (2025: $22.7 million with counterparties with an A-1 external credit
                        risk rating). The remaining amounts are with counterparties that have no external credit risk rating. Due to the nature of the Group’s
                        business, the balances do not consist of any concentration of risk that is considered individually material.
                        70 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                        23. DERIVATIVES AND HEDGE ACCOUNTING
                        The Group’s derivative financial instruments consist of foreign exchange contracts, conversion feature of the convertible notes, and
                        call spread options entered into in connection with the convertible notes.

                                                                                                                                       2026                2025
                         At 31 March                                                                                                ($000s)             ($000s)

                         Current derivative assets
                         Foreign exchange contracts                                                                                 6,450               17,156

                         Non-current derivative assets
                         Call spread options                                                                                       96,775             526,072
                         Foreign exchange contracts                                                                                  1,475               1,330
                         Total derivative assets                                                                                  104,700             544,558




For personal use only
                         Current derivative liabilities
                         Foreign exchange contracts                                                                                (54,563)            (21,799)
                         Conversion feature of convertible notes                                                                  (175,641)           (546,141)

                         Non-current derivative liabilities
                         Foreign exchange contracts                                                                                (10,353)             (7,090)
                         Total derivative liabilities                                                                            (240,557)           (575,030)


                        Foreign currency hedges						

                        The Group uses derivatives in the form of foreign exchange contracts to reduce the risk that movements in foreign exchange rates
                        will affect the Group’s NZD cash flows. Whenever possible, these derivatives have been designated as a hedging instrument in a
                        cash flow hedge of a highly probable forecast transaction under NZ IFRS 9. The Group determines the existence of an economic
                        relationship between the hedging instrument and the hedged item based on the currency and timing of respective cash flows.
                        Derivatives in hedge relationships are designated as hedging instruments based on a hedge ratio of 1:1. Ineffectiveness arises if
                        there is a change in the forecasted timing or amount of cash flows of hedged items.

                        The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges is recognised
                        in other comprehensive income. The gain or loss relating to the ineffective portion is recognised immediately in the Income
                        Statement. Amounts accumulated in equity are reclassified to the Income Statement in the periods during which the hedged
                        transaction affects profit and loss.

                        During the period, a net hedging loss of $76.6 million (before taxation) was recognised in other comprehensive income (2025: loss
                        of $12.7 million). During the period, a loss of $30.1 million (before taxation) was reclassified out of other comprehensive income to
                        the Income Statement (2025: loss of $6.4 million). These amounts are included in the same line items as the underlying hedged
                        transactions within subscription revenue and operating expenses. The remaining balance will be reclassified to the Income
                        Statement in future reporting periods as the relevant hedging instruments mature.
                                                                                            REFLECTIONS       GOVERNANCE         FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES        71




                        Hedge position

                        The Group’s financial instruments designated as hedging instruments are as follows:

                                                                2026               2026      2026 NOTIONAL              2025               2025     2025 NOTIONAL
                                                            AVERAGE          FAIR VALUE     AMOUNT HEDGED           AVERAGE          FAIR VALUE    AMOUNT HEDGED
                         At 31 March                   FORWARD PRICE            ($000s)       (NZD) ($000s)    FORWARD PRICE            ($000s)      (NZD) ($000s)

                         Derivative assets
                         Buy USD - Sell NZD                 0.5978             6,998            206,606             0.6100             13,001           186,900
                         Buy CAD - Sell NZD                  0.8119               350              22,787           0.8231                287             21,869
                         Buy NZD - Sell AUD                 0.8483                 40              12,967           0.9033              4,878            511,435
                         Buy NZD - Sell GBP                 0.4379                534             98,204                  –                  –                   –
                         Total                                                  7,922                                                  18,166

                         Derivative liabilities




For personal use only
                         Buy USD - Sell NZD                 0.5731                 (18)             5,234                 –                  –                   –
                         Buy CAD - Sell NZD                       –                  –                   –          0.8150                   –                 491
                         Buy NZD - Sell AUD                0.9000             (51,003)           769,474            0.9142               (469)            112,121
                         Buy NZD - Sell GBP                 0.4525            (13,681)           433,157            0.4680           (28,022)           501,550
                         Total                                                (64,702)                                               (28,491)


                        Key estimates and assumptions

                        Fair value of foreign exchange derivatives are determined using spot foreign exchange rates that are quoted in an active market
                        (level two on the fair value hierarchy).

                        Conversion feature and call option derivatives

                        The conversion feature derivative liability of the convertible notes represents an embedded derivative financial instrument in the
                        host debt contract. The conversion feature represents the Group’s obligation to issue Xero Limited shares (or an equivalent amount
                        of cash) should noteholders exercise their conversion option. The embedded conversion derivatives are carried in the Statement
                        of Financial Position at their estimated fair value and adjusted at the end of each reporting period, with any unrealised gain or loss
                        reflected in the Income Statement. During the year, the Group recognised a $362.0 million revaluation gain in the Income Statement
                        relating to conversion feature derivatives (2025: loss of $59.9 million).

                        In connection with the issue of the convertible notes, the Group entered into call spread options. The lower strike call options are
                        accounted for as derivative assets in the Statement of Financial Position at their estimated fair value. The derivative assets are
                        adjusted to fair value each reporting period, with unrealised gains or losses reflected in the Income Statement. During the year
                        ended 31 March 2026, the Group recognised a $419.4 million revaluation loss in the Income Statement relating to lower strike call
                        options (2025: gain of $30.0 million).


                          Key estimates and assumptions

                          The fair values of the conversion feature and call option derivative assets relating to the convertible notes are determined
                          using valuation techniques. These valuation techniques maximise the use of observable market data where it is available and
                          rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates (level two on the fair value hierarchy). Inputs into the valuation include
                          share price volatility and time to expiration.
                        72 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                        24. CHANGES IN FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
                                                                                                                                           FOREIGN
                                                                            AT 1 APRIL                                 AMORTISATION      EXCHANGE        FAIR VALUE    AT 31 MARCH
                                                                                  2025      PROCEEDS      PAYMENTS         EXPENSE       MOVEMENT       MOVEMENTS              2026
                         Year ended 31 March 2026*                            ($000s)         ($000s)       ($000s)         ($000s)         ($000s)         ($000s)         ($000s)

                         Short-term deposits                              1,561,969      (3,400,710)    2,755,694                   –     132,818                –     1,049,771
                         Call spread option derivative assets              526,072                 –               –                –        (422)      (428,875)         96,775
                         Term debt and conversion feature                 (1,774,713)              –       29,138          (58,369)          (893)       370,193      (1,434,644)
                         Syndicated facilities                                      –      (698,148)         6,611              (725)      (1,407)               –     (693,669)

                                                                                                                                           FOREIGN
                                                                            AT 1 APRIL                                 AMORTISATION      EXCHANGE        FAIR VALUE    AT 31 MARCH
                                                                                  2024      PROCEEDS      PAYMENTS         EXPENSE       MOVEMENT       MOVEMENTS              2025
                         Year ended 31 March 2025*                            ($000s)         ($000s)       ($000s)         ($000s)         ($000s)         ($000s)         ($000s)

                         Short-term deposits                              1,031,079      (2,602,385)    3,106,453                   –      26,822                –     1,561,969




For personal use only
                         Call spread option derivative assets                61,124         (41,964)     435,292                    –      41,645         29,975        526,072
                         Term debt and conversion feature                 (1,171,144)    (1,489,039)    1,067,971           (51,201)      (98,050)       (33,250)      (1,774,713)

                         * These tables exclude lease liabilities, the movements of which are disclosed separately in Note 18



                        25. SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                                                            2026             2026           2025              2025
                                                                                                           NOTES       AUD PRICE*          (000s)      AUD PRICE*           (000s)

                         Balance at 1 April                                                                                     –       153,618                 –        152,327
                         Issue of ordinary shares - institutional placement                                              176.00           10,511                –                 –
                         Issue of ordinary shares - acquisition of Melio                                      26          123.21           4,415                –                 –
                         Issue of ordinary shares - restricted stock unit schemes                            30           150.19          1,269           124.58                963
                         Issue of ordinary shares - share purchase plan                                                  174.67             742                 –                 –
                         Issue of ordinary shares - exercising of employee share options                     30           105.13             45           106.21                231
                         Issue of ordinary shares - acquisition of Syft                                                         –              –         168.37                  97
                         Ordinary shares on issue at 31 March                                                                   –       170,600                 –        153,618
                         Treasury shares                                                                                        –            (31)               –               (31)
                         Ordinary shares on issue at 31 March excluding treasury shares                                         –       170,569                 –        153,587

                         * Prices shown for acquisition-related payments and restricted stock units are the weighted average issue prices. The price shown for options is the
                         weighted average exercise price


                        All shares have been issued, are fully paid, and have no par value.


                        26. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS
                        Melio acquisition		

                        On 15 October 2025, Xero acquired 100% of the ordinary shares in Melio Ltd and its associated entities (collectively referred to as
                        ‘Melio’), a leading US SMB bill pay platform, pursuant to an agreement dated 25 June 2025.

                        Total initial consideration for the acquisition consists of an upfront payment of USD2.5 billion, plus adjustments of USD67 million
                        for closing cash, indebtedness and third-party expense adjustments. These upfront payments consisted of USD2.2 billion in cash
                        and USD359 million in Xero shares. Additionally, a holdback of USD54 million is payable in instalments on the anniversary of the
                        closing date of 15 October 2025 across three years.

                        Further contingent consideration of up to USD359 million is payable subject to achieving specific business, revenue, gross profit
                        and customer milestones. On acquisition, management recognised contingent consideration based on its assessment of the
                        probability of achieving each of the milestones. This assessment reflected the outperformance nature of these targets. Contingent
                        consideration has been discounted to reflect the time value of money. The probability of achieving contingent consideration
                        milestones is reviewed, and the fair value of the related liability is adjusted at each reporting period or as circumstances change.

                        In addition, up to USD73 million of additional employee incentives in the form of Restricted Stock Units have been agreed. As these
                        payments are linked to continued employment, they are not considered as purchase price consideration. These incentives vest over
                        a three-year period based on the completion of service period requirements by recipients.
                                                                                                      REFLECTIONS         GOVERNANCE            FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES            73




                        Goodwill of $4.2 billion has been recognised, reflecting Melio’s role in uniting accounting and payments to accelerate Xero’s global
                        growth. This acquisition delivers stronger unit economics and a diversified revenue model by capturing a greater share of the US
                        small business market.

                        The assets and liabilities assumed, and the consideration transferred for the above acquisition, are included in detail below.

                                                                                                                                                                     15 OCTOBER 2025
                                                                                                                                                      NOTES                  ($000s)

                         Fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed at acquisition date
                         Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                         86,824
                         Short-term deposits                                                                                                                              157,580
                         Trade and other receivables                                                                                                                       55,905
                         Funds receivable and customer accounts                                                                                                           556,314
                         Derivative asset                                                                                                                                    2,360




For personal use only
                         Other current assets                                                                                                                                 1,013
                         Other current liabilities                                                                                                                          (2,744)
                         Property, plant and equipment*                                                                                                  11                69,380
                         Software development asset                                                                                                      12               281,443
                         Customer contracts**                                                                                                            12                115,446
                         Brand**                                                                                                                         12                 18,017
                         Goodwill                                                                                                                        12             4,160,694
                         Other non-current assets                                                                                                                            2,868
                         Trade and other payables                                                                                                                          (20,788)
                         Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                        29               (54,972)
                         Lease liabilities                                                                                                               18               (66,655)
                         Funds payable and amounts due to customers                                                                                                      (556,314)
                         Employee entitlements                                                                                                                             (19,460)
                         Income tax payable                                                                                                                                      (157)
                         Net assets acquired                                                                                                                            4,786,754

                         * Property, plant and equipment contains right-of-use assets acquired at an amount equal to the lease liability, adjusted for any unfavourable terms of
                         the lease
                         ** Classified as other intangible assets per Note 12


                         Consideration transferred
                         Cash*                                                                                                                                         3,976,406
                         Shares**                                                                                                                                         628,231
                         Contingent consideration                                                                                                        19                 99,182
                         Deferred consideration                                                                                                          20                 83,192
                         Funds receivable                                                                                                                                        (257)
                         Total consideration                                                                                                                            4,786,754


                                                                                                                                                                                2026
                         Year ended 31 March 2026                                                                                                                            ($000s)

                         Cash outflows relating to acquisitions (net of cash acquired)*                                                                                 3,881,096

                         * Cash included in total consideration is valued at acquisition date; cash included in cash outflows is translated on date of payment
                         ** Issue costs of $0.5 million were incurred in issuing this share consideration; these costs were recognised as a deduction from equity within share
                         capital
                        74 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                        The software development asset, valued at $281.4 million, and customer contracts, valued at $115.4 million, are determined to
                        have finite useful lives of 7.5 years and 5 years respectively. The acquired brand, valued at $18.0 million, is determined to have an
                        indefinite useful life.

                        For the period from acquisition date to 31 March 2026, Melio contributed $205.0 million in operating revenue and $111.7 million in net
                        loss. If the acquisition had occurred on 1 April 2025, management estimates that consolidated operating revenue and net profit would
                        have been an additional $201.3 million higher and $71.4 million lower respectively for the year ended 31 March 2026.

                        Transaction costs totalling $50.6 million have been recognised in operating expenses in the 12 months to 31 March 2026, included
                        as part of acquisition-related costs in the Income Statement. None of these costs have been recognised in the Statement of
                        Financial Position as at 31 March 2026.

                        The acquisition accounting for Melio has been finalised. The amounts recognised in these financial statements represent the final
                        assessment of the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date.


                        27. GROUP ENTITIES




For personal use only
                        Consolidation subsidiaries are all entities over which the Group has control. The Group controls an entity when the Group is
                        exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through
                        its power over the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They
                        are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases. Inter-company transactions and balances between Group companies are
                        eliminated on consolidation.

                        The financial statements of each of the Group’s subsidiaries are prepared in the functional currency of that entity. The functional
                        currency is determined for each entity based on factors such as the principal trading currency. The assets and liabilities of these
                        entities are translated at exchange rates existing at balance date. Revenue and expenses are translated at rates approximating the
                        exchange rates ruling at the dates of the transactions. The exchange gains or losses arising on translation are recorded in other
                        comprehensive income and accumulated in the foreign currency translation reserve in equity.

                        The table below contains the significant subsidiaries of the Group, along with subsidiaries over which the Group has either gained or
                        lost control during the period. The Group also has operations in other jurisdictions to a lesser extent.

                                                                         COUNTRY OF                                                 INTEREST            INTEREST
                                                                         INCORPORATION               BALANCE DATE                    2026 (%)            2025 (%)

                         Xero (NZ) Limited                               New Zealand                 31 March                           100                 100
                         Xero (UK) Limited                               United Kingdom              31 March                           100                 100
                         Xero Australia Pty Limited                      Australia                   31 March                           100                 100
                         Xero, Inc.                                      United States               31 March                           100                 100
                         Xero Investments Limited                        New Zealand                 31 March                           100                 100
                         Xero South Africa (Pty) Ltd                     South Africa                31 March                           100                 100
                         Xero (Singapore) Pte Limited                    Singapore                   31 March                           100                 100
                         Planday A/S                                     Denmark                     31 March                           100                 100
                         Xero Payments (NZ) Limited*                     New Zealand                 31 March                           100                     –
                         Xero Payments (AU) PTY Limited**                Australia                   31 March                           100                     –
                         Melio Limited***                                Israel                      31 March                           100                     –
                         Melio Payments Inc***                           United States               31 March                           100                     –
                         Melio Holdings Inc***                           United States               31 March                           100                     –
                         Melio Solutions Inc***                          United States               31 March                           100                     –
                         Melio Services Inc***                           United States               31 March                           100                     –

                         * Incorporated 18 July 2025
                         ** Incorporated 5 August 2025
                         *** Acquired 15 October 2025
                                                                                        REFLECTIONS   GOVERNANCE   FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES    75




                        28. RECONCILIATION OF OPERATING CASH FLOWS
                                                                                                                          2026              2025
                        Year ended 31 March                                                                            ($000s)           ($000s)

                        Net profit                                                                                   167,420           227,817

                        Adjustments:
                        Depreciation                                                                                  35,559            29,509
                        Amortisation                                                                                 347,213           253,251
                        Share-based payments                                                                         240,085           151,878
                        Amortisation of discount and debt issuance costs on term debt                                 58,369            51,201
                        Amortisation of bank facility fees                                                               725                  –
                        Deferred tax and current taxes recognised in equity                                           14,201            12,269




For personal use only
                        Asset impairments and disposals                                                                2,316             3,037
                        Revaluation of contingent consideration                                                           46             2,090
                        Bad debts                                                                                      9,641             6,671
                        Derivative revaluation                                                                        57,470            29,886
                        Gain on redemption of convertible note                                                              –          (36,105)
                        Loan commitment revaluation loss                                                                    –            9,494
                        Financing transaction costs                                                                         –           10,203
                        Foreign exchange (gains)/losses                                                              (92,625)            4,673
                        Other non-cash items                                                                           7,541               352

                        Changes in working capital:
                        (Increase)/decrease in trade receivables and prepayments                                     (35,058)            9,168
                        (Increase)/decrease in deferred tax assets                                                        (72)         60,360
                        Increase/(decrease) in trade payables and other related items                                 45,161            (6,891)
                        Increase in net tax receivable                                                                13,169             2,040
                        Increase/(decrease) in employee entitlements                                                  41,874           (18,657)
                        Increase in interest payable                                                                    7,411            5,286
                        Increase in income in advance                                                                  12,701            4,138
                        Net cash flows from operating activities                                                     933,147           811,670
                        76 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                        29. CURRENT AND DEFERRED TAX
                        Tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax is recognised in the Income Statement or Statement of Comprehensive
                        Income except when it relates to items recognised directly in equity (in which case the income tax is recognised in equity). Income
                        tax is based on tax rates and regulation enacted in the jurisdictions in which the entities operate.

                        Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial
                        reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. The amount of deferred tax is based on the expected manner
                        of realisation of the carrying amount of assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantially enacted at the end of the
                        reporting period.

                        A deferred tax asset is recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available, against which
                        the asset can be utilised.

                        Income tax expense

                        The tax on the Group’s net profit before tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise using the New Zealand statutory




For personal use only
                        income tax rate, as follows:

                                                                                                                                         2026                2025
                         Year ended 31 March                                                                                          ($000s)             ($000s)

                         Accounting profit before income tax                                                                        339,736             362,664
                         At the New Zealand statutory income tax rate of 28%                                                         95,126             101,546
                         Non-taxable/non-deductible income/expenditure                                                               31,977               4,203
                         Non-deductible Melio acquisition costs                                                                      15,334                      –
                         Prior period adjustment                                                                                         141                (105)
                         R&D benefit                                                                                                  (1,019)              (798)
                         Tax rate variance of subsidiaries and revaluations of deferred tax                                          10,481               (2,401)
                         Current year tax losses/deferred expenditure not recognised                                                  21,841             32,463
                         Recognition/utilisation of historic unrecognised tax losses                                                  (1,565)                (61)
                         Income tax expense                                                                                         172,316             134,847

                         Comprising:
                         Current tax expense                                                                                        163,373              72,201
                         Deferred tax expense                                                                                         8,943              62,646
                         Income tax expense                                                                                         172,316             134,847


                        Income tax expense charged to equity

                                                                                                                                         2026                2025
                         Year ended 31 March                                                                                          ($000s)             ($000s)

                         Current tax
                         Share-based payments                                                                                         3,324               6,825
                         Translation of foreign currency operations                                                                     374                3,130
                         Total                                                                                                        3,698               9,955

                         Deferred tax
                         Share-based payments                                                                                        (2,504)                546
                         Fair value movement on cash flow hedges                                                                     13,008                1,768
                         Total                                                                                                       10,504               2,314
                                                                                   REFLECTIONS       GOVERNANCE       FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES    77




                        Net deferred tax balances
                                                                                   PROVISIONS AND              TAX    TAX LOSSES AND
                                                                   DERIVATIVES   EMPLOYEE BENEFITS    DEPRECIATION   R&D EXPENDITURE          TOTAL
                         Year ended 31 March 2026                      ($000s)             ($000s)         ($000s)            ($000s)       ($000s)

                         Balance at 1 April 2025                       2,891             35,820          (87,858)                  5       (49,142)
                         Prior period adjustment                            –              1,844            1,727                 (5)       3,566
                         Charged to Income Statement                        –              3,657          (17,901)            1,829        (12,415)
                         Charged to equity                            13,008              (2,504)               –                  –       10,504
                         Tax losses and R&D credits utilised                –                   –               –              (685)         (685)
                         Impact of change in tax rates                      –              1,342             (752)                 –          590
                         Recognition of deferred tax on business
                         combination*                                       –                   –        (54,972)                  –      (54,972)
                         Balance at 31 March 2026                     15,899              40,159        (159,756)              1,144     (102,554)




For personal use only
                         Comprising:
                         Deferred tax asset                                 –             27,580             450               1,144       29,174
                         Deferred tax liability                       15,899              12,579        (160,206)                  –      (131,728)

                         * Refer to Note 26


                                                                                   PROVISIONS AND              TAX    TAX LOSSES AND
                                                                   DERIVATIVES   EMPLOYEE BENEFITS    DEPRECIATION   R&D EXPENDITURE          TOTAL
                         Year ended 31 March 2025                      ($000s)             ($000s)         ($000s)            ($000s)       ($000s)

                         Balance at 1 April 2024                        1,122             31,230         (67,738)           53,988         18,602
                         Prior period adjustment                            –                  72           (867)                (47)        (842)
                         Charged to Income Statement                        1              3,798          (11,715)               (90)      (8,006)
                         Charged to equity                             1,768                 546                –                  –        2,314
                         Tax losses and R&D credits utilised                –                   –               –          (53,847)       (53,847)
                         Impact of change in tax rates                      –                 174            (126)                 1             49
                         Recognition of deferred tax on business
                         combination                                        –                   –          (7,412)                 –        (7,412)
                         Balance at 31 March 2025                      2,891             35,820          (87,858)                  5      (49,142)
                         Comprising:
                         Deferred tax asset                                 –             15,200           (1,444)                 5        13,761
                         Deferred tax liability                        2,891             20,620          (86,414)                  –      (62,903)
                        78 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                          Key estimates and assumptions

                          Recognised tax losses and temporary differences
                          A deferred tax asset is recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available, against which
                          the deductible temporary differences can be offset.

                          Unrecognised tax losses and temporary differences
                          The Group has estimated unrecognised tax losses available to carry forward and other unrecognised temporary differences
                          in overseas jurisdictions of $1,568.2 million (2025: $606.0 million), subject to shareholder continuity being maintained (as
                          applicable), noting that deferred tax assets are recognised for carried forward tax losses to the extent of deferred tax liabilities
                          in the same jurisdiction.

                          OECD Pillar Two Model Rules
                          The Group is within the scope of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) Pillar Two Model
                          Rules. Pillar Two legislation has been enacted in New Zealand, and came into effect for the Group from 1 April 2025. For
                          some entities within the Group, such as subsidiaries in the United Kingdom and Australia, the Pillar Two rules came into




For personal use only
                          effect from 1 April 2024.

                          Under Pillar Two legislation, the Group may be liable to pay a top-up tax where the effective tax rate per jurisdiction is below the
                          15% minimum rate. The Group has performed an assessment of the potential exposure to Pillar Two income taxes based on the
                          financial information for the year ended 31 March 2026, which showed that no top-up tax exposure should arise for the Group.
                          This is on the basis that the Safe Harbour rules can be relied upon in each jurisdiction that the Group operates in.

                          The Group has applied the mandatory exception to recognising and disclosing information about any deferred tax impact
                          related to Pillar Two income taxes.



                        30. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
                        The Group operates equity-settled, share-based compensation plans, under which employees provide services in exchange for
                        non-transferable options or RSUs. The value of the employee services rendered for the grant of non-transferable options and RSUs
                        is recognised as an expense over the vesting period, and the amount is determined by reference to the fair value of the options and
                        RSUs granted.

                        Restricted stock units

                        On the allocation date, an RSU agreement is entered into between the employee and Company stipulating the number of units
                        granted and their vesting schedules. On the vest date, the RSUs are converted to ordinary shares in the Company. No cash
                        consideration is required to be paid on vesting of the RSUs.

                        The fair value of RSUs granted is determined using the volume-weighted average price. The RSUs are conditional on the employees
                        completing a specified period of service (the vesting period) and are, for the most part, converted to shares in equal amounts over
                        the vesting period. A portion of the RSUs granted to a select number of executives is also conditional on both market and non-
                        market performance conditions. These performance conditions are based on operating revenue growth, free cash flow margin and
                        total shareholder return relative to a predetermined peer group over a specified period. The weighted average vesting period for
                        RSUs granted in the year was 1.66 years (2025: 1.55 years). The Group has no legal or constructive obligation to repurchase or settle
                        RSUs in cash.

                        Movements in the number of RSUs outstanding and their weighted average grant prices are as follows:

                                                                                         2026 WEIGHTED               2026         2025 WEIGHTED               2025
                                                                                    AVERAGE GRANT DATE               RSUs    AVERAGE GRANT DATE               RSUs
                         Year ended 31 March                                           FAIR VALUE (AUD)            (000s)       FAIR VALUE (AUD)            (000s)

                         Opening balance                                                       134.95              1,805                106.76                 942
                         Granted                                                               155.35             2,806                 143.28                1,917
                         Forfeited                                                             146.04               (397)               128.53                   (91)
                         Converted to shares                                                   150.19             (1,269)               124.58                (963)
                         Settled in cash                                                        82.64                 (4)                     –                   –
                         Closing balance                                                       146.42              2,941                134.95              1,805


                        RSUs with service and non-market performance conditions attached are recognised at fair value over the vesting period, with an
                        adjustment for the number of awards that are expected to forfeit. The likelihood of meeting market performance conditions is
                        reflected in the grant date fair value of RSUs granted, and this fair value is not subsequently adjusted.
                                                                                             REFLECTIONS       GOVERNANCE        FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES         79




                        Share options scheme

                        Options are granted to selected employees and executives. Options are conditional on the completion of the necessary years of
                        service (the vesting period) as appropriate to that tranche.

                        The options tranches vest within four years from the grant date. No options can be exercised later than the tenth anniversary of
                        the grant date. There were 11 holders of options at 31 March 2026 (2025: 20). The Group has no legal or constructive obligation to
                        repurchase or settle the options in cash.

                        Movements in the number of options outstanding and their related weighted average exercise prices are as follows:

                                                                                        2026 WEIGHTED                 2026       2025 WEIGHTED                 2025
                                                                                      AVERAGE EXERCISE             OPTIONS    AVERAGE EXERCISE              OPTIONS
                         Year ended 31 March                                               PRICE (AUD)              (000s)          PRICE (AUD)              (000s)

                         Opening balance                                                      127.82                 1,144              91.73                 822
                         Granted                                                                    –                    –              171.11                 575
                         Forfeited/expired                                                    105.52                   (10)            137.52                  (22)




For personal use only
                         Exercised                                                             105.13                  (45)            106.21                 (231)
                         Settled in cash                                                      121.46                   (16)                  –                   –
                         Closing balance                                                      129.09                1,073              127.82                1,144
                         Exercisable at 31 March                                              105.80                  687                86.11                403


                        The weighted average share price on date of exercise for options exercised in the year ended 31 March 2026 was AUD166.43
                        (2025: AUD155.33). The weighted average remaining contractual term of options outstanding at 31 March 2026 is 7.6 years
                        (2025: 8.2 years).

                        Options outstanding at 31 March fall within the following ranges:

                                                                                                                                          2026                 2025
                                                                                                             EXERCISE PRICE            OPTIONS              OPTIONS
                         Granted                                                                                      (AUD)             (000s)               (000s)

                         2020-21                                                                                   120.93                    –                  16
                         2021-22                                                                           121.39–146.99                   26                   48
                         2022-23                                                                            72.39–88.88                   454                 487
                         2023-24                                                                                   118.58                   18                  18
                         2024-25                                                                                    171.11                575                  575
                                                                                                                                        1,073                1,144


                        No options were granted during the year. The weighted average fair value of options granted during the previous year was AUD72.26
                        per option, determined using the Black-Scholes valuation model.

                        The significant inputs into the model were the market share price at grant date, the exercise price as shown above, expected
                        annualised volatility of 39%, a dividend yield of 0%, an expected option life of 5.5 years, and an annual risk-free interest rate
                        of 4%.

                        The volatility input is measured as the standard deviation of continuously compounded share returns and is based on a statistical
                        analysis of daily share prices over a period consistent with the options’ expected life. The risk-free rate is measured using
                        Australian Government bond rates, and applying linear interpolation over a period consistent with the options’ expected life.

                        Warrants

                        In connection with the acquisition of Melio, the Company assumed warrants for a maximum of 663,537 ordinary shares, contingent
                        upon a strategic partner meeting specific operational milestones by 20 March 2033.

                        This arrangement is accounted for in accordance with NZ IFRS 2: Share-based payment, as an equity-settled share-based
                        payment transaction with a non-employee. As achievement of these milestones is currently deemed not probable, no expense was
                        recognised for the year ended 31 March 2026 (2025: nil).
                        80 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                        31. KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL AND RELATED PARTIES
                        Key management personnel

                        Key management personnel are defined as those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling
                        the activities of the Group, directly or indirectly, and includes the directors, the Chief Executive Officer and the
                        Chief Financial Officer.

                        The following table summarises expense recognised in relation to key management personnel remuneration:

                                                                                                                                      2026                2025
                         Year ended 31 March                                                                                       ($000s)             ($000s)

                         Directors’ fees                                                                                           2,729               2,428
                         Short-term employee benefits                                                                               9,318              3,201
                         Share-based payments - restricted stock units                                                            25,910               8,554
                         Share-based payments - options                                                                           23,676              10,873




For personal use only
                        Related party transactions

                        Other than remuneration paid to key management personnel above, there have been no other related party transactions,
                        outstanding balances or commitments during the period ending 31 March 2026 (2025: nil).

                        A number of key management personnel, or their related parties, hold positions in other entities that result in them having control
                        or significant influence over the financial or operating policies of these entities. Key management and their related parties, from
                        time to time, subscribe to services provided by the Group on normal business terms. None of these related party transactions are
                        significant to either party, and are completed on arm’s length terms. There were no related party transactions during the year as
                        detailed above.

                        No amounts with any related parties have been written off or forgone during the year (2025: nil).


                        32. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
                        Capital commitments

                        The Group has capital commitments of $0.1 million as at 31 March 2026 (2025: nil). These commitments relate to the Hawke’s Bay
                        building refresh currently in progress and the Manchester furniture fit-outs, which has been agreed to but goods and services not
                        rendered.

                        Contingent liabilities

                        There were no contingent liabilities at 31 March 2026 (2025: nil).

                        From time to time, the Xero Group is involved in various legal proceedings, regulatory, tax and other claims and enquiries arising
                        in the ordinary course of business. While the outcome of these matters is uncertain, the directors do not believe that the final
                        resolution of these matters currently known will have a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial position, results of
                        operations, or cash flows.


                        33. EVENTS AFTER THE BALANCE SHEET DATE
                        There were no significant events between balance sheet date and the date these financial statements were authorised for issue.
                                                                                            REFLECTIONS       GOVERNANCE         FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES      81




                        Directors’
                        Responsibilities
                        Statement


For personal use only
                        The directors are required to prepare financial statements for each financial year that present fairly the financial position of the
                        Group and its operations and cash flows for that period.

                        The directors consider these financial statements have been prepared using accounting policies suitable to the Group’s
                        circumstances, that these have been consistently applied and are supported by reasonable judgements and estimates, and that all
                        relevant financial reporting and accounting standards have been followed.

                        The directors are responsible for keeping proper accounting records that disclose with reasonable accuracy, at any time, the
                        financial position of the Group and to enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act
                        1993 (New Zealand). They are also responsible for safeguarding the assets of the Group and for taking reasonable steps for the
                        prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities.

                        During the year ended 31 March 2026, the principal activities of the Group were for the provision of online business solutions for
                        small businesses and their advisors. Other than as disclosed in this Annual Report, there were no significant changes in the state of
                        affairs or activities of the Group during the year.

                        The Board authorised these financial statements for issue on 14 May 2026.

                        For and on behalf of the Board




                        David Thodey                                  Mark Cross
                        Chair                                         Director
                        Xero Limited                                  Xero Limited
                        14 May 2026                                   14 May 2026
                        82 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                        Disclosures
                        All financial figures in this section of the Annual Report are in New Zealand dollars except where indicated otherwise. References to
                        FY26 are to the financial year ended 31 March 2026. Xero Group means Xero Limited (Xero) and its subsidiaries.


                        EQUITY HOLDINGS OF DIRECTORS, CEO AND CFO
                        The table below sets out the equity of Xero’s directors, CEO and CFO, held nominally and through their associates or related
                        parties.




For personal use only
                                                                NUMBER OF ORDINARY SHARES      NUMBER OF UNLISTED OPTIONS      NUMBER OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS
                         At 31 March 2026                       (SHARES)                       (OPTIONS)                       (RSUs)

                         Non-executive directors
                         David Thodey                           11,005                         –                               –
                         Steven Aldrich                         1,400                          –                               –
                         Mark Cross                             5,292                          –                               –
                         Anjali Joshi                           2,512                          –                               –
                         Brian McAndrews                        4,994                          –                               –
                         Dale Murray                            3,094                          –                               –
                         Susan Peterson                         3,512                          –                               –
                         CEO & CFO
                         Sukhinder Singh Cassidy                35,046                         1,038,308                       249,252
                         Claire Fullard (née Bramley)           13,253                         –                               122,190
                                                                                                    REFLECTIONS         GOVERNANCE           FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES    83




                        ENTRIES RECORDED IN THE INTERESTS REGISTER
                        Xero maintains an interests register in accordance with the Companies Act 1993 (New Zealand).

                        Directors’ interests
                        Directors have disclosed the following relevant interests, which remain current as at 31 March 2026.


                         DIRECTOR/ENTITY                                                                                                     RELATIONSHIP

                         David Thodey
                         Ramsay Health Care Limited (ASX listed)                                                                             Chair
                         Steven Aldrich
                         Semrush Holdings, Inc. (NYSE listed)                                                                                Director
                         Mark Cross1




For personal use only
                         Chorus Limited (NZX and ASX listed)                                                                                 Chair
                         Fisher & Paykel Healthcare Corporation (NZX and ASX listed)                                                         Director
                         Vocus Group Limited                                                                                                 Chair
                         Anjali Joshi
                         Persistent Systems Limited (NSE and BSE listed)                                                                     Director
                         Brian McAndrews       2


                         The New York Times Company (NYSE listed)                                                                            Director
                         Frontdoor, Inc. (NASDAQ listed)                                                                                     Lead Director
                         Dale Murray3
                         Jupiter Fund Management PLC (LON listed)                                                                            Lead Independent Director
                         Lightspeed Commerce, Inc. (NYSE and TSE listed)                                                                     Director
                         Susan Peterson    4


                         Vista Group International Limited (NZX and ASX listed)                                                              Chair
                         Mercury NZ Limited (NZX and ASX listed)                                                                             Director
                         Craigs Investment Partners                                                                                          Director
                         Kiwibank Limited (and its non-operational holding company, Kiwi Group Capital Limited)                              Chair

                        1. Mark Cross ceased as a board member of Accident Compensation Corporation New Zealand during FY26 and was elected as chair of Vocus Group
                            Limited during FY26

                        2. Brian McAndrews stepped down as presiding director of The New York Times Company on 30 April 2025, but continued as a director

                        3. Dale Murray was elected as lead independent director of Lightspeed Commerce, Inc. on 1 April 2025, where she was previously a director

                        4. Susan Peterson was elected as chair of Kiwibank Limited (and its non-operational holding company, Kiwi Group Capital Limited) during FY26
                        84 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                        Share dealings of directors
                        Directors disclosed the following acquisitions or disposals of relevant interests in Xero shares during FY26.


                         REGISTERED HOLDER                                      DATE OF ACQUISITION            CONSIDERATION PER SHARE        NUMBER OF SHARES ACQUIRED

                         David Thodey
                         Aspiring Co Pty Ltd                                       28 July 2025                                $174.76                             172
                         Aspiring Co Pty Ltd                                  18 November 2025                                 $119.87                            833
                         Susan Peterson
                         Susan Peterson                                            28 July 2025                                $174.76                             172
                         Mark Cross
                         Alpha Investment Partners Limited                         28 July 2025                                $174.76                             172
                         Alpha Investment Partners Limited                    18 November 2025                                 $120.01                            820




For personal use only
                         Dale Murray
                         BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd as
                         nominee for Dale Murray                                   28 July 2025                                $174.67                             172
                         Dale Murray                                          11 December 2025                                 $115.30                          1,286
                         Brian McAndrews
                         Brian McAndrews                                          7 August 2025                           US$115.62                             2,000

                        Insurance
                        Xero has continued to insure its directors and officers in accordance with the Companies Act 1993 (New Zealand) (through renewal
                        of its D&O insurance policy) against potential liability or costs incurred in any proceeding, except to the extent prohibited by law.

                        Deeds of indemnity
                        Xero has provided deeds of indemnity to all directors and officers of Xero, and its subsidiaries, for potential liabilities and costs
                        they may incur for acts or omissions in their capacity as directors or officers of Xero or its subsidiaries, to the extent permitted by
                        law.


                        REMUNERATION REPORTING
                        Xero’s remuneration policy and practices are summarised on pages 92–121 of this Annual Report.


                        SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
                        The shareholder information set out below is current as at 9 April 2026, unless otherwise specified.

                        Issued capital
                        The total number of issued shares in Xero was 170,599,259, of which 31,081 shares were held on a restricted basis in connection
                        with Xero’s share-based compensation plans and 3,075,759 shares were held in voluntary escrow in connection with the acquisition
                        of Melio Limited. 1,304,371 shares were released from voluntary escrow on 15 April 2026, with, for the purposes of ASX Listing Rule
                        3.10A, the remaining 1,771,388 shares to be released from voluntary escrow on 15 October 2026.

                        Distribution of shareholdings

                          RANGE                                                           NUMBER OF HOLDERS                %                  SHARES                  %

                          1 to 1,000                                                                  63,362          95.30                9,249,010               5.42

                          1,001 to 5,000                                                               2,699            4.06              5,236,580                3.07

                          5,001 to 10,000                                                                242            0.36               1,672,861              0.98

                          10,001 to 100,000                                                              147            0.22               4,147,255               2.43

                          100,001 and over                                                               39            0.06              150,293,553             88.10

                          Total                                                                       66,489         100.00              170,599,259            100.00
                                                                                           REFLECTIONS      GOVERNANCE         FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES       85




                        There were 4,421 holders of less than a marketable parcel of shares as at 9 April 2026, based on a market price of AUD73.41 per
                        share.

                        Distribution of RSUs and Options
                        There were 11 individuals holding a total of 1,072,702 Options and 761 individuals holding a total of 2,940,277 RSUs. RSUs are a
                        conditional contractual right to be issued an equivalent number of shares in Xero.

                        Distribution of Options

                         RANGE                                                         NUMBER OF HOLDERS             %                  SHARES                 %

                         1 to 1,000                                                                    -             -                       -                 -

                         1,001 to 5,000                                                               9          81.82                 24,394               2.27

                         5,001 to 10,000                                                               1          9.09                 10,000               0.93

                         10,001 to 100,000                                                             -             -                       -                 -




For personal use only
                         100,001 and over                                                              1          9.09              1,038,308              96.80

                         Total                                                                        11       100.00               1,072,702          100.00

                        Distribution of RSUs

                         RANGE                                                         NUMBER OF HOLDERS             %                  SHARES                 %

                         1 to 1,000                                                                 351          46.12                 193,130              6.57

                         1,001 to 5,000                                                             335         44.02                 659,990              22.45

                         5,001 to 10,000                                                             22           2.89                146,788               4.99

                         10,001 to 100,000                                                           50           6.58              1,336,385              45.45

                         100,001 and over                                                             3           0.39                603,984              20.54

                         Total                                                                      761        100.00               2,940,277          100.00

                        On-market purchases
                        No securities were purchased on-market during FY26 for the purposes of an employee incentive scheme or to satisfy the
                        entitlements of securities holders to acquire securities granted under an employee incentive scheme.

                        Substantial holdings and limitations on the acquisition of securities
                        Xero is a New Zealand incorporated and domiciled company listed on the ASX. From a regulatory perspective, this means that while
                        the ASX Listing Rules apply to Xero, certain provisions of the Australian Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) do not. During FY26, Xero was
                        not subject to chapters 6, 6A, 6B, and 6C of the Australian Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) dealing with the acquisition of its shares
                        (including substantial holdings and takeovers). The Companies Act 1993 (New Zealand) applies to Xero, and certain provisions
                        of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 (New Zealand) also apply to Xero (including in relation to financial reporting, but not
                        including the provisions relating to substantial shareholdings).

                        During FY26, there was no requirement on Xero’s substantial shareholders to provide substantial product holder notices to Xero.
                        Any such notices Xero receives during the year are available through the ASX website and Xero’s Investor Centre.

                        Key limitations on the acquisition of shares in Xero are imposed by the following New Zealand legislation: Commerce Act 1986,
                        Overseas Investment Act 2005, and Takeovers Act 1993, together with various regulations and codes promulgated under such
                        legislation.
                        86 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                        Top 20 holders
                        The names of the 20 largest holders of Xero shares as at 9 April 2026 are listed below.


                                                                                                                                      NUMBER OF      % OF ISSUED
                         NAME                                                                                                       SHARES HELD          CAPITAL
                         HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                                 50,226,280            29.44
                         J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                                                                 39,583,198            23.20
                         CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                             28,020,985             16.43
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD                                                                                    6,279,119            3.68
                         MR RODNEY KENNETH DRURY & MR SCOTT MORAN                                                                    3,693,134               2.16
                         ANNA M C STUCK & INDEPENDENT PROFESSIONAL TRUSTEE(2017) LTD & ITC (AS) LIMITED                              2,934,712               1.72
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD                                                                               2,767,835                1.62
                         CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                               2,371,734               1.39




For personal use only
                         IBI TRUST MANAGEMENT                                                                                       1,566,593             0.92
                         SOLIUM NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) PTY LTD                                                                        1,253,950              0.74
                         HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                                  1,204,639                0.71
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMS (NZ) LTD                                                                                   1,073,323            0.63
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD                                                                                 853,682             0.50
                         AUSTRALIAN FOUNDATION INVESTMENT COMPANY LIMITED                                                             835,000             0.49
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD                                                                                 791,300             0.46
                         MR NELSON NIEN SHENG WANG & MS PEI-CHUN KO                                                                   640,989             0.38
                         NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED                                                                                637,696              0.37
                         WHSP HOLDINGS PTY LIMITED                                                                                    549,498              0.32
                         BVP IX FUNDS ME LLC                                                                                          525,879                0.31
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD                                                                                 487,180             0.29
                         Top 20 holders of fully paid shares (total)                                                              146,296,726            85.75
                         Other shareholders (balance on register)                                                                  24,302,533             14.25
                         Grand total                                                                                              170,599,259           100.00

                        Voting rights
                        Xero has a single class of shares on issue. Where voting at a meeting of shareholders is by voice or a show of hands, every
                        shareholder present in person, or by representative, has one vote. On a poll, every shareholder present in person, or by
                        representative, has one vote for each fully paid share. In practice, Xero ensures that all resolutions at shareholder meetings are
                        decided by a poll rather than a show of hands. There are no voting rights attached to RSUs or Options.

                        On-market buy-back
                        There is no current on-market buy-back for Xero shares.


                        COMPANY INFORMATION
                        Donations
                        The Xero Group made charitable donations totalling $803,861.34 during FY26. The Xero Group made no donations to political
                        parties during FY26.

                        Company directors
                        The following persons held office as directors of Xero as at the end of FY26. No directors ceased to hold office during FY26.


                          DIRECTORS

                          David Thodey (Chair)      Steven Aldrich     Mark Cross    Anjali Joshi     Brian McAndrews      Dale Murray        Susan Peterson
                                                                                            REFLECTIONS       GOVERNANCE      FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES      87




                        Company subsidiaries and directors
                        Xero has 33 wholly owned subsidiaries as shown in the table below. The following persons held office as directors of Xero’s
                        subsidiary companies during FY26.


                         JURISDICTION   SUBSIDIARY                             DIRECTORS                              DIRECTORS WHO CEASED TO HOLD OFFICE
                                                                                                                      DURING FY26

                                                                               David Lee
                                                                               Rebecca Small
                                                                                                                      Toby Langley
                                        Planday Australia Pty Ltd              (appointed 1 Apr 2025)
                                                                                                                      (ceased 30 Jan 2026)
                                                                               Henrietta Thomas
                                                                               (appointed 4 Feb 2026)

                                                                               N/A                                    Kirsty Godfrey-Billy
                                        Waddle Loans Pty. Ltd.                                                        (ceased 4 Jun 2025)




For personal use only
                                        (deregistered 4 Jun 2025)                                                     Henrietta Thomas
                                                                                                                      (ceased 4 Jun 2025)

                                                                                                                      Kirsty Godfrey-Billy
                                        Waddle SaaS Pty Ltd                                                           (ceased 4 Jun 2025)
                                                                               N/A
                                        (deregistered 4 Jun 2025)                                                     Henrietta Thomas
                                                                                                                      (ceased 4 Jun 2025)
                         Australia
                                                                               Theofani Konstantas
                                                                               (appointed 3 Feb 2026)                 Ashley Hansen Grech
                                                                                                                      (ceased 24 Oct 2025)
                                        Xero Australia Pty Limited             Angad Soin
                                                                                                                      Toby Langley
                                                                               Rebecca Small                          (ceased 30 Jan 2026)
                                                                               (appointed 1 Apr 2025)

                                                                               Bharathi Ramavarjula
                                                                               (appointed 5 Aug 2025)
                                                                               Angad Soin
                                        Xero Payments (AU) Pty Limited         (appointed 5 Aug 2025)
                                        (incorporated 5 Aug 2025)              Rebecca Small
                                                                               (appointed 5 Aug 2025)
                                                                               Henrietta Thomas
                                                                               (appointed 5 Aug 2025)

                                                                               Claire Fullard (née Bramley)
                                                                               (appointed 12 May 2025)
                                        Hubdoc Inc.                            Ashalee Mohamed
                                                                               Rebecca Small
                                                                               (appointed 12 May 2025)
                         Canada
                                                                               Claire Fullard (née Bramley)
                                                                               (appointed 12 May 2025)
                                        Xero Software (Canada) Ltd.            Ashalee Mohamed
                                                                               Rebecca Small
                                                                               (appointed 12 May 2025)
                        88 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                         JURISDICTION   SUBSIDIARY                            DIRECTORS                                  DIRECTORS WHO CEASED TO HOLD OFFICE
                                                                                                                         DURING FY26

                                                                              Lasse Andersen                             Anders Frederiksen
                                                                              (appointed 28 Nov 2025)                    (ceased 28 Nov 2025)
                                                                              Claire Fullard (née Bramley)               Ashley Hansen Grech
                                        Planday A/S                           (appointed 2 Feb 2026)                     (ceased 24 Oct 2025)
                                                                              David Lee                                  Alexander Von Schirmeister
                                                                              Rebecca Small                              (appointed 5 Nov 2025; ceased 16 Dec
                                                                              (appointed 1 Apr 2025)                     2025)
                         Denmark

                                                                                                                         Martin Andersen
                                                                              Mikkel Petersen                            (ceased 23 Jul 2025)
                                                                              (appointed 24 Jul 2025)                    Ashley Hansen Grech
                                        Xero Denmark A/S
                                                                              Rebecca Small                              (ceased 24 Oct 2025)
                                                                              (appointed 16 Jun 2025)




For personal use only
                                                                                                                         Alexander von Schirmeister
                                                                                                                         (ceased 16 Dec 2025)

                                                                              David Lee
                                                                                                                         Kirsty Godfrey-Billy
                         Germany        Planday GmbH                          Rebecca Small                              (ceased 22 Aug 2025)
                                                                              (appointed 22 Aug 2025)

                                                                              Koren Wines
                         Hong Kong      Xero (HK) Limited                     Rebecca Small
                                                                              (appointed 7 Apr 2025)

                                                                              Rebecca Small
                                        Xero Software Solutions (India)
                         India                                                Kumar Iyer
                                        Private Limited (in liquidation)
                                                                              (Indian resident non-executive director)

                                                                                                                         Rebecca Small
                                        Hamelin Investments Ltd.                                                         (appointed 10 Jun 2025; ceased 15 Oct
                                        (incorporated 8 Jun 2025;             N/A                                        2025)
                                        merged with Melio Ltd. 15 Oct 2025)                                              Alon Peled (appointed 8 Jun 2025;
                                                                                                                         ceased 10 Jun 2025)

                                                                              Matanya Bar

                         Israel                                               Tomer Barel
                                                                              (appointed 15 Oct 2025)
                                                                              Claire Fullard (née Bramley)
                                        Melio Ltd.
                                                                              (appointed 15 Oct 2025)
                                        (acquired 15 Oct 2025)
                                                                              Diya Jolly
                                                                              (appointed 15 Oct 2025)
                                                                              Rebecca Small
                                                                              (appointed 15 Oct 2025)

                                                                              Rebecca Small
                                                                              Koren Wines
                                                                                                                         Kirsty Godfrey-Billy
                         Malaysia       Xero Software (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.
                                                                              Mahathir Bin Mahzan                        (ceased 22 Apr 2025)
                                                                              (Malaysian resident non-executive
                                                                              director)
                                                                                             REFLECTIONS       GOVERNANCE      FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES      89




                        JURISDICTION   SUBSIDIARY                               DIRECTORS                              DIRECTORS WHO CEASED TO HOLD OFFICE
                                                                                                                       DURING FY26

                                                                                Claire Fullard (née Bramley)
                                       Xero Investments Limited                 (appointed 28 Apr 2025)
                                                                                Rebecca Small

                                                                                Claire Fullard (née Bramley)
                                                                                (appointed 28 Apr 2025)                Kirsty Godfrey-Billy
                                       Xero (NZ) Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                       (ceased 30 Apr 2025)
                                                                                Rebecca Small

                                                                                Rebecca Small
                        New Zealand                                             (appointed 1 Apr 2025)
                                       Xero (NZ) Limited
                                                                                Bridget Snelling

                                                                                Bharathi Ramavarjula
                                                                                (appointed 18 Jul 2025)




For personal use only
                                       Xero Payments (NZ) Limited               Rebecca Small
                                       (incorporated 18 Jul 2025)               (appointed 18 Jul 2025)
                                                                                Bridget Snelling
                                                                                (appointed 18 Jul 2025)

                                                                                Rebecca Small
                                       Xero Trustee Limited
                                                                                (appointed 1 Apr 2025)

                                                                                David Lee
                                                                                (appointed 12 Jun 2025)
                                                                                                                       Kirsty Godfrey-Billy
                        Norway         Planday Norway AS                        Rebecca Small
                                                                                                                       (ceased 11 Jun 2025)
                                                                                (appointed 12 Jun 2025)
                                                                                Clarence Willard

                                                                                Rebecca Small
                        Singapore      Xero (Singapore) Pte. Ltd                (appointed 7 Apr 2025)
                                                                                Koren Wines

                                                                                Diya Jolly
                                       Syft Analytics Group South Africa        Vangelis Kyriazis
                                       Proprietary Limited                      Rebecca Small
                                                                                (appointed 14 Apr 2025)

                                                                                Diya Jolly
                                       Syft Analytics Operations South Africa   Vangelis Kyriazis
                        South Africa   Proprietary Limited
                                                                                Rebecca Small
                                                                                (appointed 14 Apr 2025)

                                                                                Vangelis Kyriazis
                                                                                (appointed 20 Feb 2026)
                                                                                                                       Alexander von Schirmeister
                                       Xero South Africa Proprietary Limited    Rebecca Small
                                                                                                                       (ceased 16 Dec 2025)
                                                                                (appointed 14 Apr 2025)
                                                                                Colin Timmis

                                                                                Lasse Andersen
                                                                                (appointed 28 Nov 2025)                Anders Frederiksen
                                                                                                                       (ceased 28 Nov 2025)
                                                                                Bharathi Ramavarjula
                                                                                (appointed 16 Jul 2025)                Diya Jolly
                        Sweden         Tickstar AB
                                                                                                                       (ceased 15 Jul 2025)
                                                                                Rebecca Small
                                                                                (appointed 16 Jul 2025)                Kirsty Godfrey-Billy
                                                                                                                       (ceased 16 Jul 2025)
                                                                                Clarence Willard
                        90 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                         JURISDICTION    SUBSIDIARY                   DIRECTORS                      DIRECTORS WHO CEASED TO HOLD OFFICE
                                                                                                     DURING FY26

                                                                      Kate Hayward
                                                                      (appointed 3 Feb 2026)
                                                                                                     Alexander von Schirmeister
                                         Planday Limited              David Lee                      (appointed 1 Apr 2025; ceased 16 Dec
                                                                                                     2025)
                                                                      Rebecca Small
                                                                      (appointed 1 Apr 2025)
                         United
                         Kingdom                                      Kate Hayward
                                                                      (appointed 1 Apr 2025)
                                                                      Rebecca Small                  Alexander von Schirmeister
                                         Xero (UK) Limited
                                                                      (appointed 1 Apr 2025)         (ceased 16 Dec 2025)
                                                                      Matthew Starmer
                                                                      (appointed 3 Feb 2026)




For personal use only
                                                                      Matanya Bar
                                                                      Claire Fullard (née Bramley)
                                         Melio Holdings, Inc.                                        Ilan Atias
                                                                      (appointed 30 Oct 2025)
                                         (acquired 15 Oct 2025)                                      (ceased 30 Oct 2025)
                                                                      Diya Jolly
                                                                      (appointed 30 Oct 2025)

                                                                      Matanya Bar
                                                                      Claire Fullard (née Bramley)
                                         Melio Payments, Inc.                                        Ilan Atias
                                                                      (appointed 30 Oct 2025)
                                         (acquired 15 Oct 2025)                                      (ceased 30 Oct 2025)
                                                                      Diya Jolly
                                                                      (appointed 30 Oct 2025)

                                                                      Matanya Bar
                                                                      Claire Fullard (née Bramley)
                                         Melio Services, Inc.                                        Ilan Atias
                                                                      (appointed 30 Oct 2025)
                                         (acquired 15 Oct 2025)                                      (ceased 30 Oct 2025)
                                                                      Diya Jolly
                                                                      (appointed 30 Oct 2025)

                                                                      Ilan Atias
                                         Melio Solutions, Inc.
                                                                      Matanya Bar
                                         (acquired 15 Oct 2025)
                                                                      Tomer Barel

                                                                      Andrew Kanzer
                         United States                                (appointed 6 Nov 2025)
                                                                                                     Ashley Hansen Grech
                                         Planday, Inc.                David Lee
                                                                                                     (ceased 24 Oct 2025)
                                                                      Rebecca Small
                                                                      (appointed 8 May 2025)

                                                                      Claire Fullard (née Bramley)
                                                                      (appointed 8 May 2025)
                                                                                                     Vangelis Kyriazis
                                         Syft Analytics, Inc.         Diya Jolly
                                                                                                     (ceased 12 May 2025)
                                                                      Rebecca Small
                                                                      (appointed 8 May 2025)

                                                                      Claire Fullard (née Bramley)
                                                                      (appointed 8 May 2025)         Ashley Hansen Grech
                                         Xero CA Acquisitions, Inc.
                                                                      Rebecca Small                  (ceased 12 May 2025)
                                                                      (appointed 8 May 2025)

                                                                      Matanya Bar
                                                                      (appointed 5 Nov 2025)
                                                                      Claire Fullard (née Bramley)
                                                                      (appointed 9 May 2025)         Ashley Hansen Grech
                                         Xero, Inc.
                                                                      Andrew Kanzer                  (ceased 24 Oct 2025)
                                                                      (appointed 5 Nov 2025)
                                                                      Rebecca Small
                                                                      (appointed 9 May 2025)
                                                                                            REFLECTIONS       GOVERNANCE         FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES   91




                        Directors of Xero’s subsidiaries disclosed the following relevant interests, or cessations of interest, during FY26.


                         DIRECTOR/ENTITY                                                                                         RELATIONSHIP

                         Tomer Barel
                         PayBox Ltd                                                                                              Independent director
                         Lightspark Inc.                                                                                         Consultant & co-founder

                        Kumar Iyer received total remuneration of USD18,000 in his role as non-executive director of Xero Software Solutions (India) Private
                        Limited during FY26. Kumar Iyer received no other benefits from Xero or any Xero subsidiary company during FY26.

                        Mahathir Bin Mahzan of Mahzan Sulaiman received total remuneration of MYR60,000 in his role as non-executive director of Xero
                        (Software) Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. Mahathir Bin Mahzan received no other benefits from Xero or any Xero subsidiary company during
                        FY26.

                        No employee appointed as a director of Xero’s subsidiary companies receives any remuneration or other benefits from Xero in their




For personal use only
                        role as a director. The remuneration and other benefits of such employees, received as employees, are included in the relevant
                        bandings for employee remuneration disclosed on pages 92–121 of this Annual Report.
                        92 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                        Remuneration
                        Report


For personal use only
                           SECTIONS 1 - 6                                  SECTIONS 7 - 13
                           1. People and Remuneration Committee      93    7. Key remuneration components for FY26         102
                              Chair letter
                                                                           8. Key remuneration arrangements for FY27       110
                           2. FY26 remuneration outcomes and         94
                                                                           9. FY26 performance and remuneration outcomes   111
                              notable changes
                                                                           10. CEO and CFO remuneration                    116
                           3. Response to stakeholder feedback       96
                                                                           11. CEO and CFO equity holdings                 117
                           4. Directors and senior leadership team   98
                                                                           12. Non-executive director (NED) remuneration   117
                           5. Remuneration governance framework      98
                                                                           13. Our team’s remuneration                     119
                           6. Remuneration strategy                  101
                                                                                            REFLECTIONS        GOVERNANCE      FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES     93




                        1. PEOPLE AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE CHAIR LETTER
                        Dear shareholder,                                                     Our people
                        I am pleased to present Xero’s FY26 Remuneration Report               Delivering these results reflects the talent and dedication
                        on behalf of the People and Remuneration Committee. As a              of our global team. In FY26, we strengthened goal-setting
                        high-growth, global SaaS business, Xero continues to execute          and impact tracking to deepen alignment between individual
                        its strategy and the Board remains confident in our ability to        performance and Xero’s strategic objectives, and expanded
                        deliver long-term value for shareholders.                             learning and development opportunities across the business.

                                                                                              As we look forward, AI continues to provide significant
                        Response to shareholder feedback                                      opportunity to simplify our internal workflows and processes
                        At our 2025 Annual Meeting, 51.26% of the votes cast were in          and uplift the quality of work for our people. In parallel, the
                        favour of the 2025 Remuneration Report.                               global market is becoming increasingly competitive for AI
                                                                                              talent and also for those who have the vision and capability to
                        As part of our review of the CEO’s FY26 remuneration
                                                                                              reimagine ways of working.
                        structure, the Board undertook a proactive engagement




For personal use only
                        program, meeting with 22 of our largest shareholders,
                        including all of the top ten, major shareholder representative        Non-executive director (NED) fees
                        groups, and five major proxy advisors.                                Following our annual review, the Board and Committee
                                                                                              fee structure was adjusted in line with our regional peer
                        This dialogue directly shaped our final FY26 remuneration
                                                                                              group benchmarks. Our ANZ peer group now comprises
                        structure, and a significant majority of these investors we
                                                                                              ASX50 companies operating across multiple international
                        engaged with supported our approach.
                                                                                              jurisdictions, reflecting the appropriate comparator set for
                        Guided by stakeholder feedback, we have strengthened our              a business of Xero’s scale. Committee fees have also been
                        disclosures this year, including publishing current-year long-        restructured by region (ANZ / UK and US), consistent with our
                        term incentive (LTI) relative total shareholder return (rTSR)         approach to base fees. Changes were effective 1 October 2025.
                        targets and payout ranges, and expanding commentary on                Further detail is provided in section 12.
                        how the Board assessed the CEO’s individual short-term
                        incentive (STI) performance multiplier.                               Looking ahead
                        Xero’s remuneration framework is grounded in our                      Following the Melio acquisition, we have updated our incentive
                        remuneration principles, which set pay based on performance,          frameworks to reflect Xero’s new financial profile. In-flight
                        the scope and criticality of the role, and location. Accordingly,     plans exclude Melio’s impact; from FY27 STI and FY26
                        we benchmark executive roles directly against peers in the            LTI onwards, Melio is incorporated into targets, ensuring
                        countries where they are based.                                       management accountability for acquisition outcomes.

                        As an Australian-listed global company competing for                  The market re-rating of the SaaS industry will no doubt see our
                        senior technology talent, we are up against high paying US            competitors take action to shore up their best talent. Xero will
                        competitors. We, like other non-US technology companies,              continue to assess how our culture, values and remuneration
                        have had to adopt some practices such as service-based                frameworks continue to retain and attract our top talent.
                        restricted stock units (RSUs). However, the Board deliberately
                        maintains a hybrid model that balances ASX shareholder                Thank you
                        expectations with the structures required to attract and
                                                                                              I want to thank our shareholders and stakeholder groups for
                        retain world-class leadership. We deviate from US norms by
                                                                                              their ongoing engagement and constructive dialogue. Your
                        maintaining a 60:40 performance-to-service equity split and
                                                                                              input meaningfully shapes our governance approach. I also
                        annual RSU vesting rather than quarterly.
                                                                                              want to thank my Board colleagues and the entire Xero team
                                                                                              for their commitment to our strategy and our customers. We
                        Linking pay to performance                                            remain focused on positioning Xero for long-term success
                        FY26 was another year of strong performance. Operating                and driving more value for our customers, partners and
                        revenue grew 31% (28% in constant currency) to $2.8 billion,          shareholders.
                        with adjusted EBITDA increasing 18% on FY25 to $757.4
                        million. The opex-to-revenue ratio was 70.5%1.

                        Remuneration outcomes reflect this performance: the STI plan
                        paid out 94.2% of target (62.7% of maximum), resulting in the
                        CEO receiving 113.0% and the CFO 104.5% of their respective
                        STI targets. The FY24 LTI plan achieved 101.3% against target
                                                                                              Yours sincerely,
                        (67.5% of maximum) over its three-year performance period.
                                                                                              Susan Peterson

                        1. Excluding acquisition-related costs
                        94 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                        2. FY26 REMUNERATION OUTCOMES AND NOTABLE CHANGES
                         TOPIC          DETAIL                                                                                                        FURTHER DETAIL

                         FY26           The following table provides a snapshot of FY26 remuneration outcomes
                         remuneration
                         outcomes at    COMPONENT              PLAN ACHIEVEMENT                                            % OF TARGET     % OF MAX
                         a glance
                                        FY26 STI               Net new monthly recurring revenue (nnMRR)                       18.9%         12.6%
                                        1 year performance
                                                               Operating expense (OPEX) ratio                                  52.5%         35.0%
                                                               Underlying churn                                                 5.3%           3.5%

                                                               Customer net promoter score (NPS)                                5.0%           3.3%
                                                               Employee engagement                                              5.0%           3.3%
                                                               Accelerate strategy                                              7.5%           5.0%




For personal use only
                                        Total FY26 STI scorecard outcome                                                      94.2%          62.7%     Section 9.2
                                        FY24 LTI               Operating revenue compound annual growth rate
                                        3 year performance     (CAGR)                                                          18.7%         12.5%
                                                               Free cash flow (FCF) margin                                     56.3%         37.5%
                                                               rTSR - Nasdaq Emerging Cloud Index (EMCLOUD)                    26.3%         17.5%
                                        Total FY24 LTI outcome                                                                101.3%         67.5%     Section 9.3


                         FY26 STI       The Board has refreshed the FY26 STI scorecard to sharpen alignment to Xero’s strategic priorities. The        Section 7.4
                         plan changes   core structure remains unchanged — 50% cash / 50% deferred RSUs, and a 70% financial / 30% non-
                                        financial split.
                                        Group nnMRR and the Group OPEX ratio each retain their 35% weighting as the primary financial metrics.
                                        Within the non-financial component, 15% remains customer metrics, with each of Global Partner
                                        NPS, Global Small Business NPS, and a new underlying MRR churn metric weighted at 5% as part of
                                        an integrated view of customer sentiment and behaviour. Underlying MRR churn assesses retention
                                        on a cohorted basis (customers active for more than six months), removing short-term volatility and
                                        reinforcing Xero’s focus on long-term value. This consolidation reflects the Board’s conviction that the
                                        voice of our customers is a vital strategic signal.
                                        A new “Accelerate Strategy” measure (5%) has also been added to capture transformational progress and
                                        factors that play an instrumental role in creating future value — including strategic M&A and AI innovation
                                        — not otherwise reflected in scorecard outcomes.
                                        Employee Engagement retains its role in the scorecard at a 10% weighting.
                                        Together, these changes focused the FY26 STI plan on rewarding performance levers aligned to
                                        sustainable growth.


                         Peer group     To ensure our remuneration practices remain robust and responsive to our local listing environment, the         Section 7.1
                         changes        Board refined the methodology for our Australian and New Zealand (ANZ) benchmarking peer group,
                                        effective for FY26 onwards.
                                        While we continue to benchmark against other global SaaS (and therefore US-based) peers to accurately
                                        reflect the global SaaS talent market in which we compete, the updated ANZ peer group provides a more
                                        relevant local reference point. The revised peer group methodology focuses on selecting ASX-listed
                                        companies with similar levels of complexity and global reach.
                                        This enhancement ensures the Board has a comprehensive view of both the competitive global SaaS
                                        talent market and domestic ASX expectations when evaluating and setting remuneration, further
                                        strengthening our alignment with local shareholder perspectives.


                         NED fee        In FY26, Xero reviewed its Board and Committee fee structures to ensure ongoing alignment with our              Section 12
                         changes        principle of benchmarking director remuneration against relevant regional peer groups, including the
                                        newly refined ANZ peer group.
                                        Effective 1 October 2025, the following structural updates and fee adjustments were implemented:
                                        • Board chair fee: Increased to NZD563,000 (an increase of 71,000)
                                        • Regional base fees: The ANZ and UK base fee increased to NZD230,500 (an increase of 35,500), while
                                          the US base fee increased to NZD470,000 (an increase of 54,000)
                                                                                             REFLECTIONS        GOVERNANCE          FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES         95




                        TOPIC            DETAIL                                                                                                     FURTHER DETAIL

                        NED fee          • Regionally aligned Committee fee structure: To mirror our approach to base fees, Committee fees
                        changes            for the Audit and Risk Committee (ARC) and People and Remuneration Committee (PRC) have been
                        Cont.              restructured and split by region
                                            › Committee fees (ANZ & UK): Chair fees increased to NZD64,250 (an increase of 12,750), and
                                              member fees were increased to NZD29,600 (an increase of 4,400)
                                            › Committee fees (US): Chair fees were adjusted downward to NZD42,000 (a decrease of 9,500), and
                                              member fees down to NZD17,000 (a decrease of 8,200)
                                         • Nominations and Governance Committee (NGC): Consistent with our existing framework, no separate
                                           fees are payable to the Chair or members of this committee


                        Further uplift   We recognise the importance of transparent disclosures that clearly align pay with performance.
                        in disclosures   In FY26, guided by stakeholder feedback and our commitment to continuous improvement, we have




For personal use only
                                         provided more information in our FY26 report including:
                                         • Additional disclosure: The current year’s LTI rTSR targets and payout ranges have been included to      Section 7.4 & 10.2
                                           provide shareholders with clearer visibility into our equity performance hurdles. As a one-off for this
                                           year, we have included the take-home pay for the CEO and CFO to help shareholders better understand
                                           FY26 remuneration outcomes
                                         • CEO & CFO STI assessment: Qualitative information on how the Board assessed the CEO and CFO’s                Section 9.2
                                           individual performance multiplier has been included, reflecting the strategic achievements in FY26
                                           that meaningfully moved the organisation forward
                                         • Transparent benchmarking: Continuing to explicitly share our peer group data and methodology,                 Section 7.1
                                           including any changes to the peer groups and methodologies we apply, ensuring transparency in
                                           how we set globally competitive remuneration
                                         • Incorporation of Melio: Outlined how the Melio acquisition factors into our incentives structures            Section 5.6
                                         The Board continues to review our remuneration framework and reporting taking into account the evolving
                                         expectations of our global shareholder base.
                        96 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                        3. RESPONSE TO STAKEHOLDER FEEDBACK
                        3.1 Our approach to the FY25 Annual Meeting vote
                        Xero is a New Zealand-domiciled company and is therefore not required to hold a remuneration report vote and is not subject to the
                        Australian “two strikes” rule. However, we voluntarily published a Remuneration Report and held an advisory vote. While a majority
                        of our shareholders supported our Remuneration Report vote at Xero’s Annual Meeting in August 2025, the margin was slim, with a
                        significant portion of shareholders voting against our Remuneration Report.

                        Given the non-standard structure and relatively high remuneration received by our US-domiciled executive key management
                        personnel (KMP), including our CEO, relative to other ASX-listed companies with mainly Australian-domiciled executives, this was
                        not unexpected. Nevertheless, we sought and received further feedback regarding our remuneration practices and disclosures. We
                        are grateful for shareholders’ time and constructive efforts as we sought to bridge differences in perspectives.


                        3.2 Board engagement and action
                        The Board regularly reviews its remuneration practices, taking into account our broader market context alongside the perspectives




For personal use only
                        shared by shareholders.

                        Xero’s remuneration framework reflects a deliberate decision by the Board grounded in our remuneration principles, global market
                        context (based on independently sourced global market data) and long-term shareholder alignment.

                        While investors remain supportive of Xero’s strategy and the high calibre of our global leadership team, our engagement highlighted
                        differing perspectives regarding the CEO’s remuneration.

                        The table below sets out the key areas of feedback, the rationale for our approach and where relevant, any actions taken.

                        In our discussions, we also received strong support from many institutional investors that reinforced the importance of Xero’s
                        global context. Xero is one of only a handful of truly global SaaS companies outside of the US on the ASX. These stakeholders
                        understood and emphasised that Xero is competing for global talent against multinational companies. Our pay structures must
                        reflect the competitive reality of the global market in which we operate.


                         KEY AREA OF FEEDBACK   SHAREHOLDER FEEDBACK                BOARD RESPONSE

                         FY25 option grant      Feedback was received regarding     Options provide an effective way to align the CEO’s interests with
                                                the grant of options awarded to     shareholders’ interests.
                                                the CEO in FY25
                                                                                    The top-up options, combined with the other changes made to the CEO’s total
                                                                                    target remuneration (TTR), were to bring the CEO’s total equity exposure to
                                                                                    the median of the group (excluding founder CEOs).
                                                                                    The Board recognises that options are less common among ASX-listed
                                                                                    companies. To ensure transparency, we provided detailed disclosure last year
                                                                                    on their mechanics, specifically highlighting that they only generate value for
                                                                                    the executive when the share price appreciates. Although options do not carry
                                                                                    explicit performance measures, they have an inherent market hurdle. Options
                                                                                    only reward positive share price performance above a set exercise price.
                                                                                    For example, the CEO’s options are currently “out of the money”, and will only
                                                                                    deliver value if the share price exceeds AUD171.11. At the current share price,
                                                                                    the CEO’s December 2024 options hold no value.
                                                                                    Combining these options with service-based RSUs and performance-based
                                                                                    share units (PSUs) incentivise absolute TSR outperformance.


                         Use of long term       Some stakeholders expressed a       To attract the leading talent required to execute our strategy — a pool that is
                         equity (LTE)           preference for remuneration to be   overwhelmingly US-based — we must remain competitive by offering service-
                         (service-based         weighted more heavily towards       based RSUs, as they are the norm in that market.
                         vesting)               performance-hurdled incentives
                                                (LTI) rather than service-based     While US practice typically sees service-based RSUs granted at equal
                                                equity (LTE)                        weighting to performance equity with quarterly vesting, Xero’s approach is
                                                                                    more weighted to performance. At the maximum opportunity, service-based
                                                                                    RSUs comprise 40% of total equity (vs. 60% performance-based) and vest
                                                                                    annually, an intentional structure that bridges standard US tech practices with
                                                                                    ASX investor expectations.
                                                                                    We have retained the LTE component as it remains a deliberate part of our
                                                                                    remuneration structure. Tenure-based shares are considered a normal part
                                                                                    of a US package and are viewed as being in the best interests of shareholders
                                                                                    because they provide both cash efficient fixed base pay, while also ensuring
                                                                                    that the executives are strongly incentivised to deliver improved share price
                                                                                    performance.
                                                                                             REFLECTIONS        GOVERNANCE           FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES          97




                         KEY AREA OF FEEDBACK   SHAREHOLDER FEEDBACK                 BOARD RESPONSE

                         Benchmarking           A number of investors expressed      Executing our growth strategy, including the integration of Melio, requires
                         approach               a preference for greater weighting   extensive global technology experience, which is why Xero’s management
                                                to ASX-listed comparators rather     team is largely based in the US, and is where these key skills are concentrated.
                                                than a primary reliance on global    Accordingly, to attract, grow and retain this talent, remuneration must be
                                                peers, which drove discussions       aligned to shareholder outcomes in a global context.
                                                regarding the quantum of
                                                CEO pay                              The Board’s review of the CEO’s package assessed her overall performance,
                                                                                     role scope, and location against Xero’s enterprise-wide remuneration
                                                                                     principles. For executives who are US-domiciled, we conduct benchmarking
                                                                                     against relevant US peers.
                                                                                     Benchmarking against the broader ASX is challenging given the absence
                                                                                     of comparable local SaaS peers. The global technology sector uses
                                                                                     fundamentally different pay structures, heavily equity-weighted and US-
                                                                                     aligned, that general ASX comparators fail to reflect. Feedback from a
                                                                                     range of institutional investors strongly supported this view, affirming that
                                                                                     benchmarking should reflect who we compete with, not where we are listed.




For personal use only
                                                                                     Xero’s true competitors are global multinationals.
                                                                                     Accordingly, we will continue to benchmark against US technology peers.
                                                                                     Further detail is in section 7.1.


                         Prospective            Several stakeholders raised          We are committed to providing our shareholders with clear and transparent
                         disclosure of          concern with the lack of             remuneration reporting. However, we do not prospectively disclose the
                         LTI targets            transparency for in-year grants      targets and performance ranges for our LTI revenue growth and FCF measures.
                                                and / or prospective disclosure of
                                                LTI targets                          To protect Xero’s commercial interests and avoid making unintended market
                                                                                     forecasts, we disclose targets retrospectively.
                                                                                     For FY26, we enhanced our disclosures by including the targets and vesting
                                                                                     schedule for the rTSR component of the FY26 LTI plan.
                                                                                     Please see section 7.4.3 for further information.


                         Individual             Some stakeholders provided           Individual STI outcomes are assessed against the delivery of strategic goals,
                         performance            feedback regarding the application   Xero’s values, and leadership attributes.
                         multiplier in the      of an individual performance
                         STI plan and lack of   multiplier within the STI plan.      Xero’s performance framework recognises both company and individual
                         transparency around    Feedback highlighted a need          performance. Consistent with broader market practice, STI outcomes are
                         individual outcomes    for greater explanation of the       differentiated to reflect individual contributions that help drive our success.
                                                rationale that supports individual   This year we have enhanced our disclosures and set out how the Board
                                                performance outcomes                 evaluates and determines individual STI outcomes for the CEO and CFO.
                                                                                     Further information is provided in section 9.2 of this report.



                        To deliver on our strategy, we attract and retain leaders within an increasingly competitive talent landscape. This requires Xero to
                        attract leaders not only from our direct global SaaS peers but also from the world’s largest technology firms, where the complexity
                        of our industry and talent requirements overlap. We believe our remuneration structure strikes the right balance between these
                        global imperatives and local governance expectations, and is designed to incentivise high performance ensuring we remain capable
                        of retaining high calibre leaders who are laser-focused on delivering shareholder value.
                        98 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                        4. DIRECTORS AND SENIOR LEADERSHIP TEAM
                        This report focuses on the FY26 remuneration of individuals determined as KMP. Xero’s KMP are assessed each year and consists of
                        the Directors, CEO and CFO (as identified in the table below). The individuals included are consistent with those determined as KMP
                        for both financial reporting purposes and this report.

                        Broader details of Xero’s remuneration framework and structure are also included in this report and relate to Xero’s Executive
                        Leadership Team (XLT) i.e. certain executives who report directly to the CEO.


                                                                COUNTRY OF RESIDENCE     POSITION                                   PERIOD POSITION WAS HELD DURING THE YEAR

                         Senior Leaders

                         Sukhinder Singh Cassidy                United States            CEO                                        Full year

                         Claire Bramley                         United States            CFO                                        Full year

                         Directors




For personal use only
                         David Thodey, AO                       Australia                Independent non-executive Chair            Full year

                         Steven Aldrich                         United States            Independent non-executive director         Full year

                         Mark Cross                             New Zealand              Independent non-executive director         Full year

                         Anjali Joshi                           United States            Independent non-executive director         Full year

                         Brian McAndrews                        United States            Independent non-executive director         Full year

                         Dale Murray, CBE                       United Kingdom           Independent non-executive director         Full year

                         Susan Peterson                         New Zealand              Independent non-executive director         Full year



                        5. REMUNERATION GOVERNANCE FRAMEWORK
                        Xero’s remuneration practices and governance framework is overseen by the PRC on behalf of the Board. PRC membership on
                        31 March 2026 is outlined below. All directors have a standing invitation to attend PRC meetings. Members of management may
                        be invited to attend meetings of the PRC where appropriate.


                                                                                             XERO BOARD

                                                  ARC                                               PRC*                                    NGC




                                     Susan Peterson (Chair)                 Mark Cross                     Brian McAndrews                 Anjali Joshi



                        *All members are independent NEDs, including the Chair


                        The PRC’s primary responsibilities include:                                        • Approving and informing the Board of the appointment
                         • Aligning our remuneration frameworks, policies and                                and remuneration of the CFO and other members of
                           practices with Xero’s purpose, values, strategic objectives,                      Xero’s executive leadership team, including the vesting of
                           risk appetite, and good governance principles and practice                        incentives, and overseeing their performance

                         • Making recommendations to the Board regarding                                   • Monitoring the development and implementation of
                           Xero’s remuneration framework, policies and practices,                            strategies relating to Xero’s culture and employee
                           remuneration budgets, employee incentive plans,                                   engagement, succession planning and talent management,
                           material employee benefits, NED remuneration, and                                 and health, safety and wellbeing
                           diversity objectives                                                            • Overseeing shareholder and other stakeholder engagement
                         • Making recommendations to the Board regarding                                     in relation to Xero’s remuneration policies and practices
                           remuneration outcomes and changes to the CEO’s
                           remuneration
                                                                                                             The PRC’s charter setting out the breadth of its
                         • Supporting the Chair of the Board to evaluate the CEO’s                           responsibilities is available on Xero’s website:
                           performance and makes recommendations to the Board on                             www.xero.com/investors/governance
                           CEO performance objectives
                                                                                         REFLECTIONS      GOVERNANCE         FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES        99




                        5.1 External and independent advice                                5.4 Use of discretion
                        To assist the Board and PRC in making independent and              The Board also has discretion in relation to how variable
                        informed decisions, additional information and market data         remuneration is treated in a change of control (see section 5.7)
                        is sought from external remuneration advisors, as required.        or cessation of employment scenario. The treatment of the
                        Along with seeking input from management, the PRC may              CEO’s variable remuneration has already been determined in
                        obtain independent advice directly from external advisers          certain cessation of employment scenarios (see section 7.5).
                        to support the performance of its role and may meet in the
                                                                                           In addition, all variable remuneration is subject to malus and
                        absence of management including to consider matters on
                                                                                           clawback provisions, which apply to vested and unvested
                        which they have advised.
                                                                                           equity awards and incentive payments. These provisions
                        Although Xero is incorporated in New Zealand, we confirm           give Xero’s Board broad discretion to adjust, lapse / forfeit,
                        that no “remuneration recommendations” (as defined in the          or require repayment of equity award or incentive payments
                        Australian Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)) were provided to the       to ensure no unfair benefit is obtained by a member of the
                        Board, PRC or management during FY26.                              leadership team. This is one of the ways that Xero embeds risk
                                                                                           management into its remuneration framework.




For personal use only
                        5.2 No dealing or protection arrangements                          Malus and clawback provisions are relevant in a range of
                        Xero’s Share Trading Policy prohibits employees and directors      potential award adjustment events, for example where:
                        from entering into transactions that are intended to hedge or       • A leadership team member has acted fraudulently,
                        otherwise limit the economic risk of unvested or restricted           dishonestly, or is in breach of their obligations to Xero
                        Xero securities.
                                                                                            • Xero becomes aware of a material misstatement or omission
                        Employees are not permitted to deal with their RSUs, PSUs             in Xero’s financial statements
                        or options. All dealing of shares received on vesting of RSUs,      • A leadership team member has failed to act consistently
                        PSUs or exercise of options is subject to the Share Trading           with Xero’s risk appetite and risk management priorities
                        Policy. A copy of Xero’s Share Trading Policy is available on
                                                                                            • In any other circumstances where the Board determines in
                        Xero’s website: www.xero.com/investors/governance
                                                                                              good faith there is an unfair benefit to the leadership team
                                                                                              member
                        5.3 Remuneration Report adoption
                                                                                           Prior to any equity awards vesting, the PRC reviews all XLT
                        Xero is incorporated in New Zealand and subject to New             vesting events (which includes the CEO and CFO) to ensure
                        Zealand law. Under Australian law, listed companies                no malus or clawback events have occurred. The PRC or the
                        incorporated in Australia must prepare a Remuneration              Board did not apply any discretion, or any malus and clawback
                        Report and put an advisory resolution to shareholders at           adjustments, with respect to grants or vesting events for the
                        the Annual General Meeting that the Remuneration Report            CEO and CFO during FY26. All grants and vesting events were
                        be adopted. While this law does not apply to Xero, we have         made in accordance with the standard terms and treatment
                        voluntarily published a Remuneration Report and put an             applicable to each grant.
                        advisory resolution to our shareholders at our Annual Meeting.

                        We have sought to disclose information that provides a good        5.5 STI & LTI Adjustment Principles
                        understanding around how we prioritise the work to support our     The PRC has adopted principles to guide the Board’s
                        culture and performance, and how we connect our reward and         application of discretion to STI or LTI plan outcomes. The
                        recognition frameworks with the successful execution of our        principles are as follows:
                        strategy. However, this Remuneration Report is not intended
                                                                                            • Nature and timing of adjustments — Discretion will only
                        to fully replicate the statutory disclosure requirements of an
                                                                                              be applied to plan outcomes and not plan targets. If
                        Australian-domiciled company’s Remuneration Report as these
                                                                                              any discretion is to be exercised, it will be applied at the
                        requirements do not apply to Xero.
                                                                                              completion of the relevant performance or vesting period,
                        The voting outcome and comments following the non-binding             when the Board has a full view of the applicable period
                        resolution at our Annual Meeting will be considered by the          • Materiality of adjustments — Adjustments will only be
                        Board when setting future remuneration strategy, and in the           made for events or items over the plan period that have
                        preparation of the following year’s Remuneration Report.              a material impact on outcomes (e.g. where relevant M&A
                        Outside of the Annual Meeting cycle, the Board actively seeks         activity occurs). Where applicable, any deviation to the
                        and considers feedback from shareholders and proxy advisors           assumptions underpinning the business plan that guided
                        on matters of remuneration and governance.                            the target setting process will be assessed for materiality
                                                                                              and whether it was outside of management’s control (e.g.
                        Following the review of the CEO’s remuneration arrangements           accounting policy changes)
                        in FY25, the Board conducted an extensive program of
                                                                                            • Plan integrity — Adjustments will be assessed to ensure
                        stakeholder consultation. This engagement spanned the year
                                                                                              that their application will continue the plan’s purpose,
                        of the review, the release of our FY25 Remuneration Report,
                                                                                              which is to incentivise and reward management in delivering
                        and the period leading up to and following the Annual Meeting.
                                                                                              sustainable value to shareholders
                        This ongoing dialogue reflects the Board’s deep commitment
                        to active stakeholder engagement on critical matters and            • Consistency, fairness, and transparency — The use of
                        responsiveness to investor feedback (refer to section 3 for           discretion (both positive and negative) will be applied
                        further information).                                                 consistently and with the view to balance both management
                                                                                              and shareholder interests
                        100 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                         • Accountability — Adjustments to the individual component          Equity grants provide an efficient way to reward and
                           of the plan will be applied selectively where it is appropriate   incentivise employees, and strengthen the alignment to
                           to reflect the degree of control and influence which              sustainable long-term shareholder value creation. At the same
                           individuals / groups had on business outcomes                     time, we acknowledge the recent broader market de-rating
                                                                                             of the SaaS sector and the resulting impact on share prices.
                        The Board has absolute discretion to change how STI or LTI
                                                                                             We are closely managing these impacts to ensure our equity
                        performance is assessed or paid out to ensure outcomes are
                                                                                             program remains effective and competitive, while remaining
                        fair and appropriate.
                                                                                             strictly within our budgeted envelopes of equity burn.

                        5.6 Target Setting Approach                                          The Board has specific oversight on overall SBP expense, and
                                                                                             has in place guidelines and budgets pertaining to our overall
                        Xero’s target-setting process strikes a deliberate balance
                                                                                             equity burn rate as well as the level of expense in each budget
                        between disciplined operational efficiency and ambitious
                                                                                             period. SBP expense is included in our reported financial
                        global growth. As we expand our platform capabilities, most
                                                                                             metrics which are monitored regularly throughout the year
                        notably through the strategic acquisition of Melio, the Board
                                                                                             and captured within our STI financial targets.
                        proactively reviews our incentive frameworks to ensure they




For personal use only
                        remain relevant.                                                     We actively monitor at the Board level the ratio of SBP
                                                                                             expense to revenue and compare against global SaaS and
                        We completed the acquisition of Melio on 15 October 2025;
                                                                                             technology peers on a relative basis.
                        this transaction will materially change Xero’s financial profile
                        over the coming years and as such we outline how this will be        At the reporting date, our ratio of SBP expense to revenue is
                        incorporated into our targets.                                       materially lower than the median expenditure of these peers.

                         • FY24 and FY25 LTI plans: The targets for these in-flight          In addition to this positioning, given our strong balance
                           plans were established prior to the acquisition and do not        sheet the Board has authorised a cash outlay of up to
                           incorporate Melio. Consequently, the Board adjusts to             AUD550 million to offset dilution associated with share-based
                           exclude the impact of Melio in the remuneration outcomes          compensation for upcoming FY27 allocations as well
                           when assessing the final outcomes of these plans to ensure        as historical grants.
                           a fair evaluation of underlying performance

                         • FY26 LTI plans and beyond: The anticipated financial impact
                           of Melio has been fully integrated into the performance
                           targets for FY26 and future LTI grants. Achievement
                           against these targets will be explicitly assessed in light of
                           the expected benefits from Melio, holding management
                           accountable for the success of the integration and its
                           performance
                         • FY26 STI plans and beyond: The financial impact of Melio
                           was excluded from the FY26 STI assessment. From FY27
                           onwards, Melio is fully incorporated into the STI targets.
                           Refer to section 8 for further information


                        5.7 Change of control provisions
                        The Board has broad discretion to determine the appropriate
                        treatment of unvested options, vested but unexercised
                        options, and unvested RSUs / PSUs on a change of control.
                        Among other things, the Board may decide to vest / lapse
                        unvested RSUs / PSUs or settle them in cash instead of shares.

                        If the Board does not exercise its discretion, unvested RSUs /
                        PSUs will vest pro-rata based on the proportion of the vesting
                        period that has passed at the time of the change of control
                        and the extent to which any applicable conditions have been
                        satisfied.


                        5.8 Use of equity
                        As Xero continues to grow and our remuneration practices
                        become more aligned with the global SaaS and wider
                        technology industry in an effort to attract and retain world-
                        class talent in an increasingly competitive talent landscape,
                        a greater proportion of compensation may be in the form of
                        share-based payments (SBP).
                                                                                                                  REFLECTIONS             GOVERNANCE                 FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES                 101




                        6. REMUNERATION STRATEGY
                        6.1 Remuneration objectives, philosophy and principles
                        Xero’s remuneration structure and overall objectives are inherently tied to our strategy, aspirations, values and the creation of long-
                        term sustainable value for shareholders through the following remuneration philosophy.

                                                                                 Purpose                                                                             Vision
                          WHY WE EXIST                        To make life better for people in small business,                                    To be the most trusted and insightful
                                                             their advisors and communities around the world                                              small business platform

                                                             The combined business (following the acquisition of Melio) is expected to significantly accelerate US revenue growth and
                          ASPIRATION               gives us the opportunity to more than double Xero’s FY25 group revenue in FY28 excluding anticipated revenue synergies2,3. This outcome is
                                                                     expected to support our aspiration to deliver greater than Rule of 40 outcomes for the group in FY284,5,6

                                               Attracting and retaining high quality directors and
                                               employees, and ensuring they are fairly, reasonably        Ensuring our people are motivated to
                                                                                                                                                             Ensuring that conduct is only rewarded
                          REMUNERATION            and transparently remunerated. This is done           perform to the best of their abilities in the
                                                                                                                                                            where it aligns with Xero’s code of conduct,
                          OBJECTIVES            through the application of the three principles of       interests of Xero and in alignment with
                                                                                                                                                                      values and risk appetite
                                                 performance, scope and criticality of role, and                 Xero’s desired culture




For personal use only
                                                   location that apply to all role levels at Xero


                          REMUNERATION
                          PHILOSOPHY

                                                     Alignment                       Fairness                      Collaboration                        Simplicity                     Flexibility

                                              • The leadership              • Domicile-based market         • Performance conditions         • STI performance                 • Xero’s STI and LTI
                                                team’s remuneration is        competitive, up-front           attached to STI and LTI          measures are clear, easily        performance measures
                                                designed to align with        cash-based remuneration         are largely company-wide         assessed and aligned              provide flexibility
                                                shareholder interests,        is balanced with equity         to reflect the importance        with the voices of the            for Xero to respond
                                                globally comparable           remuneration                    of teamwork and                  shareholder, customer,            to different needs
                                                technology companies          providing significant           collaboration across             and employee                      and circumstances,
                                                and drive meaningful          potential upside                the business                   • The LTE plan is simple            recognising that each
                                                equity holdings             • The application of our                                           to understand, being              role, market, and team
                                              • LTI measures selected         three pay principles is                                          100% service contingent           member is unique,
                                                in support of Xero’s          applied consistently                                             and using RSUs which              while always having
                                                long-term strategy and        across Xero                                                      reflect common practice           regard to Xero’s strategy,
                                                shareholder alignment                                                                          in the broader technology         purpose, and long-term
                                                                                                                                               industry in the primary           value creation
                                                                                                                                               markets in which
                                                                                                                                               we operate


                                               Xero’s remuneration governance framework is overseen by the PRC on behalf of the Board. Governance and risk is considered through
                          GOVERNANCE                           (but not limited to) the use of at-risk remuneration, malus and clawback rules and Board discretion

                                                                          Service-based                                                                  Performance-based

                                                       Base salary                                LTE                                     STI                                         LTI
                                                    and other benefits                      Long Term Equity                      Short Term Incentive                        Long Term Incentive
                          REMUNERATION
                          COMPONENTS                    100% Cash                              100% RSUs                         50% Cash; 50% RSUs                               100% PSUs


                                                                                            1-3 year(s) vesting                     1-2 year(s) vesting                         3 years vesting


                                              • Reviewed annually, based            • Rewards delivery against longer-      • Rewards delivery of key strategic        • Rewards delivery against longer-
                                                on skills, experience,                term strategy and sustained             and financial objectives, in line          term strategy and sustained
                                                accountabilities, performance,        shareholder value creation              with the annual business plan,             shareholder value creation
                                                leadership and location             • The equity-based nature of this         and rewards outcomes aligned               through the application of
                                              • Other benefits include pension        grant means that it is a form of        to Xero’s goals for growth and             FCF, revenue growth and TSR
                                                (superannuation / KiwiSaver or        cash efficient fixed pay, while         operational discipline                     measures. Being contingent
                                                local equivalent)                     also ensuring that the XLT are        • Calculated based on achievement            on performance measures,
                                                                                      incentivised to deliver improved        against company-wide and                   LTI fosters alignment between
                                                                                      share price performance                 individual performance                     shareholder, customer, and
                                                                                                                                                                         leadership team outcomes
                                                                                    • LTE is contingent on service
                                                                                      in alignment with the global                                                     • LTI is designed to broadly align
                                                                                      pay practices of technology                                                        with the pay practices of ASX and
                                                                                      organisations                                                                      global technology organisations


                                                                                                  The value of any awards that vest will ultimately vary in line with the shareholder
                                                                                              experience, due to the exposure to Xero’s share price through the allocation of RSUs / PSUs




                        2. Anticipated FY28 revenue synergies are expected to be ~US$70m, for more detail refer to page 27 of the Investor Presentation lodged with the ASX on 25 June
                           2025. Assuming constant currency conversion of NZ$ / US$ 0.57, NZ$ / AU$ 0.91 and NZ$ / GBP 0.46
                        3. FY25 revenue was NZ$2,103m. This statement applies to FY28 only and no implication should be made relating to any other financial year
                        4. In the interim period prior to FY28, Xero expects to deliver below Rule of 40 outcomes on a pro forma basis (pro forma refers to adjusting for inorganic revenue
                          growth benefits from the time of transaction completion by comparing to a prior year revenue base that fully incorporates Melio’s revenue)
                        5. Assessed including both expected revenue and expected cost synergies outlined on page 27 of the Investor Presentation lodged with the ASX on 25 June 2025
                        6. Rule of 40 is defined as the sum of annual revenue growth percentage in constant currency and FCF margin percentage (free cash flow as a percentage of revenue)
                        102 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                        Incentivising appropriate risk-taking and risk management further underpin our remuneration principles and structure. This
                        approach to managing risk is exercised in a number of ways including (but not limited to) PRC review and approval, the use of at-risk
                        remuneration, malus and clawback rules, and available Board discretion. Sections 5 and 7 contain further information about risk-
                        taking and risk management as it relates to Xero’s STI, LTI and LTE arrangements.

                        6.2 Remuneration structure
                        Our leadership team remuneration structure is deliberately weighted to have a substantial proportion of target total remuneration
                        at risk, and aligned to performance and shareholder interests. For the CEO, a large part of this at-risk component consists of LTI
                        and LTE awards, providing an effective multi-year incentive aligned with Xero’s long-term strategy and long-term retention.

                        XLT Remuneration Structure

                           BASE     100% base salary in cash


                                                             Performance testing




For personal use only
                                                                50% paid in cash                                  50% RSUs vests**
                                                            50% granted in RSUs*
                           STI
                                    Performance period 1 year
                                                                                       Deferred STI service period 1 year
                                    70% financial and 30% non-financial


                                    RSUs granted upfront*           33.3% vests**                                     33.3% vests**                                      33.3% vests**
                           LTE
                                    Service period 1 year                              Service period 2 year                             Service period 3 year


                                                                                                                                                                 Performance testing
                                    PSUs granted upfront*
                                                                                                                                                            Up to 100% of PSUs vest**
                            LTI
                                    Performance period 3 years
                                    37.5% Average FCF margin, 37.5% CAGR Revenue and 25.0% rTSR (against the EMCLOUD peer group)


                                                                            Year 1                                             Year 2                                            Year 3


                        * STI Cash is paid in June following completion of the STI performance year. All RSUs / PSUs granted under the STI, LTE and LTI plans are allocated in July
                          following the commencement of the relevant vesting period
                        ** RSUs awarded under the LTE and STI are released in May each year. Any PSUs that vest under the LTI are released in May following the end of the
                          performance period



                        7. KEY REMUNERATION COMPONENTS FOR FY26
                        Further detail is set out below on how the remuneration structure described in section 6 applies to the CEO and CFO.

                        7.1 Remuneration benchmarking and review
                        Xero operates in a highly competitive global technology                              that are comparable to companies of similar size and industry
                        landscape for talent. As Xero has grown in scale and                                 in the US. This reflects our remuneration principles, which
                        complexity with a global portfolio of markets, it is critical our                    include consideration of location along with performance,
                        remuneration structure and benchmarking supports us to                               scope and criticality of role.
                        secure the calibre of global talent we need to deliver on our
                                                                                                             Roles based out of the US — such as the CEO, CFO, and
                        strategic ambitions.
                                                                                                             US-based NEDs — are benchmarked against a US peer
                        As one of only a few global technology companies of its size                         group comprising of listed SaaS and broader technology
                        listed on the ASX, Xero’s longer-term performance metrics                            organisations with a similar global scale and reach.
                        are benchmarked against the leading global SaaS companies
                                                                                                             ANZ and UK-based NED roles are benchmarked against
                        represented in the EMCLOUD index. In order to attract global
                                                                                                             Australian-listed companies of similar size, complexity, and
                        talent and perform at or above global SaaS peer levels, we
                                                                                                             global footprint.
                        therefore adopt an approach that differs from most ASX-
                        listed entities. We have regard to ASX peers, but these are not                      We assess the suitability of our peer groups annually to ensure
                        our primary comparators for SaaS performance, and do not                             they consistently reflect our industry, geographic spread, and
                        represent an effective benchmark for internationally located                         stage of growth. While our underlying methodology remains
                        executives prosecuting our global strategy.                                          consistent year-to-year, specific companies may be added to
                                                                                                             or removed from the peer group due to delistings or shifts in
                        It is essential that our approach responds to the US market in
                                                                                                             how they align with our assessment criteria.
                        particular, given the concentration of global SaaS talent based
                        there. To do so requires us to set pay and performance levels
                                                                                           REFLECTIONS     GOVERNANCE        FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES    103




                        Historically, a key challenge Xero has faced in benchmarking         Our previous ANZ peer group consisted of a bespoke group
                        against the ASX is the limited number of comparably sized            of local technology organisations, supplemented with non-
                        SaaS businesses in the local market. Consequently, from FY26         technology companies featuring heavy digitisation to build a
                        onwards we have revised our approach with respect to our             meaningful benchmark. However, only half of that previous
                        ANZ peers. The Australian listed technology sector remains           group had true global operations. The updated peer group
                        relatively limited in depth, particularly at Xero’s size and         therefore focuses on ASX-listed companies with comparable
                        stage of growth. As a result, industry alone is not a sufficient     size, international exposure and governance requirements.
                        comparator for remuneration.                                         The revised approach was driven by Xero’s growth and
                                                                                             evolving scale, with the review completed independently
                        Instead, greater weight has been placed on organisational
                                                                                             of recent volatility in the broader SaaS sector. At the time
                        scale, global reach and operational complexity when
                                                                                             of this change, Xero’s market capitalisation was positioned
                        determining appropriate benchmarks for both executive
                                                                                             at approximately the middle of the Australian ASX 50
                        and NED remuneration. As a result, this revised peer group
                                                                                             global subset peer group. At 31 March 2026, Xero’s market
                        consists of 25 ASX-listed organisations from the ASX 50 that
                                                                                             capitalisation was positioned between the 25th and 50th
                        operate across multiple international jurisdictions.
                                                                                             percentiles across both peer groups.




For personal use only
                        The following table lists the companies that formed the US peer group used as our primary comparator for benchmarking US-based
                        executives and NED remuneration for FY26.

                        TICKER                            COMPANY NAME                     TICKER                          COMPANY NAME

                        APPF US                           Appfolio                         PCTY US                         Paylocity

                        BILL US                           BILL                             QLYS US                         Qualys

                        DOCU US                           DocuSign                         SNOW US                         Snowflake

                        DT US                             Dynatrace                        TEAM US                         Atlassian Corp

                        FRSH US                           Freshworks                       TWLO US                         Twilio

                        GTLB US                           Gitlab                           VEEV US                         Veeva Systems

                        HUBS US                           HubSpot                          XWDAY US                        Workday

                        MDB US                            MongoDB                          WIX US                          Wix.com

                        OKTA US                           Okta                             ZM US                           Zoom Communications

                        PAYC US                           Paycom Software                  ZS US                           Zscaler



                        The following table lists the companies that formed the ASX peer group used as the primary comparator for benchmarking ANZ-
                        based executives and NED remuneration for FY26.

                        TICKER                            COMPANY NAME                     TICKER                          COMPANY NAME

                        AMC AU                            Amcor                            PME AU                          Pro Medicus

                        ALL AU                            Aristocrat Leisure               QAN AU                          Qantas Airways

                        BHP AU                            BHP Group                        QBE AU                          QBE Insurance Group

                        BSL AU                            BlueScope Steel                  RMD AU                          Resmed

                        BXB AU                            Brambles                         RIO AU                          Rio Tinto

                        CAR AU                            CAR Group                        STO AU                          Santos

                        COH AU                            Cochlear                         SEK AU                          Seek

                        CPU AU                            Computershare                    SHL AU                          Sonic Healthcare
                        CSL AU                            CSL                              S32 AU                          South32

                        GMG AU                            Goodman Group                    TWE AU                          Treasury Wine Estates

                        JHX AU                            James Hardie Industries          WTC AU                          WiseTech Global

                        MQG AU                            Macquarie Group                  WDS AU                          Woodside Energy Group

                        NEM AU                            Newmont Corporation

                        Details of the outcomes of the FY26 remuneration review for the CEO and CFO are outlined in section 7.3, and for NEDs in section 12.
                        104 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                        7.2 CEO and CFO FY26 remuneration mix
                        CEO and CFO remuneration is deliberately weighted to have a substantial proportion of target total remuneration at risk and
                        aligned to company performance.

                         • The CEO’s FY26 remuneration mix is as follows: Performance-based or linked to share price performance pay (comprising STI, LTE
                           and LTI) forms 96.4% of target total remuneration (97.2% of maximum total remuneration) and equity forms 94.6% of target total
                           remuneration (94.6% of maximum total remuneration)
                         • The CFO’s FY26 remuneration mix is as follows: Performance-based or linked to share price performance pay forms 91.4% of
                           target total remuneration (93.3% of maximum total remuneration) and equity forms 87.1% of target total remuneration (87.2% of
                           maximum total remuneration)

                        One-off awards (such as sign-on or other one-off equity grants) are excluded from the remuneration mix calculations below.




                          CEO




For personal use only
                                                                                                         94.6% Equity


                                       3.6%                    46.4%                   1.8%                       1.8%                 46.4%
                                       Base                    LTE                     STI Cash                   STI Deferred         LTI
                         AT TARGET     100% Cash               100% RSUs               50% Cash                   50% RSUs             100% PSUs

                                       50% Service-based                               50% Performance-based

                                                                                                         94.6% Equity


                                       2.8%                    36.8%                   2.6%                       2.6%                 55.2%
                                       Base                    LTE                     STI Cash                   STI Deferred         LTI

                         AT MAX        100% Cash               100% RSUs               50% Cash                   50% RSUs             100% PSUs

                                       39.6% Service-based                             60.4% Performance-based


                                                                                  40%: 60% split of LTE / LTI at max


                          CFO

                                                                                                          87.1% Equity


                                       8.6%                    41.4%                   4.3%                       4.3%                 41.4%
                                       Base                    LTE                     STI Cash                   STI Deferred         LTI

                         AT TARGET     100% Cash               100% RSUs               50% Cash                   50% RSUs             100% PSUs

                                       50% Service-based                               50% Performance-based

                                                                                                         87.2% Equity


                                       6.7%                    32.4%                   6.1%                       6.1%                 48.7%
                                       Base                    LTE                     STI Cash                   STI Deferred         LTI

                         AT MAX        100% Cash               100% RSUs               50% Cash                   50% RSUs             100% PSUs

                                       39.1% Service-based                             60.9% Performance-based


                                                                                  40%: 60% split of LTE / LTI at max
                                                                                              REFLECTIONS          GOVERNANCE         FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES      105




                        7.3 FY26 Fixed annual remuneration
                        Base salary is reviewed annually and set in the context of Xero’s remuneration strategy, an individual’s skills, experience,
                        accountabilities, performance, leadership, behaviours and location. Each year, or upon commencement in the role, the PRC reviews
                        each XLT member’s base salary against relevant benchmarks. Effective for FY26, base salaries are as follows:
                        • CEO: USD540,000
                        • CFO: USD520,000


                        7.4 FY26 service and performance-based remuneration components
                        7.4.1 FY26 Long Term Equity (LTE) — service-based

                        LTE is granted as a fixed number of RSUs each year and vesting is contingent on service, in alignment with the global pay practices
                        of technology companies. In the US market, CEOs and other executive roles typically receive lower fixed base pay than their
                        Australian counterparts and have higher share-based compensation. Tenure-based shares are considered a normal part of a US
                        package and are viewed as being in the best interests of shareholders because they provide both cash efficient fixed base pay, while
                        also ensuring that the executives are strongly incentivised to deliver improved share price performance. The equity-based nature of




For personal use only
                        this grant means that the value realised by the CEO and CFO will be reflective of Xero’s long term share price performance through
                        the annual vesting of RSUs. This component of remuneration is presented separately from LTI to reflect the service-based nature of
                        the award.


                        The following table provides an overview of the key features of the FY26 LTE structure as they apply to the CEO and CFO.

                         ELEMENT                DETAILS

                         Purpose                Rewards delivery against longer-term strategy and sustained long-term value creation. Provides alignment between
                                                shareholder, customer and leadership team outcomes through multi-year vesting.


                         FY26 Grant Value       CEO: USD7,060,000
                                                CFO: USD2,500,000


                         Pay vehicle            Equity allocated in the form of RSUs. RSUs do not carry an entitlement to dividends or voting rights prior to vesting.


                         Grant Date             RSUs are typically granted annually in or around July each year.


                         Allocation
                         methodology                        Grant Value               ÷             30-day VWAP               =            Number of RSUs



                                                The 30-day volume weighted average price (VWAP) of Xero shares is calculated up to and including the trading day
                                                prior to the grant date.


                         Vesting schedule       Contingent on service (being employed on the vest date). RSUs under the LTE component vest in equal thirds in
                         and conditions         May each year following the year in which they are granted. The vesting approach has been determined taking into
                                                account both ASX practice and US practice (where time­based RSUs with a quarterly vest are the norm).


                                                Other than as set out in section 5, the Board has discretion to make changes to the terms of RSUs, and the Xero
                                                Limited USA Incentive Scheme, subject to the law and ASX Listing Rules applicable, from time to time. The Board
                         Malus and Clawback
                                                also has power to make adjustments to the number of RSUs that vest where the payment would not be warranted
                                                based on behavioural or risk outcomes.


                        Refer to section 7.5 for further information on how equity is treated upon cessation of employment.
                        106 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                        7.4.2 Short Term Incentive (STI) — performance-based

                        STI is an at-risk component of remuneration structured to reward achievement in the 12-month financial period. The selected
                        objectives reward delivery of key strategic and financial objectives in line with the annual business plan, and reward outcomes
                        aligned to Xero’s goals for growth and operational discipline.

                        We review our STI measures and weightings each year to ensure they reflect the voices of shareholders, customers and employees.
                        The STI performance measures have been chosen to focus on growing global revenue and creating customer value and engaged
                        teams, while delivering disciplined operational and financial outcomes. Vesting outcomes have regard to whether the leadership
                        team member has acted in accordance with Xero’s values.


                        The following table provides an overview of the key features of the FY26 STI structure.

                          ELEMENT                     DETAILS

                          Purpose                     Drive and incentivise delivery of business objectives over a one-year period.




For personal use only
                          Opportunity                 For the CEO and CFO: 100% of base salary at target (maximum is 1.8x target).


                          Performance period          Performance is measured from 1 April to 31 March each year.


                          Performance measures        Performance metrics measure success in relation to our key stakeholders, reflecting the voices of
                                                      shareholders, customers and employees. Each measure has a threshold, target and maximum.

                                                                  70% Financial                                          30% Non Financial

                                                                   Shareholder                            Customer                    Employee           Strategy

                                                         35% Net new         35% Operating          5% Underlying churn
                                                                                                                                   10% Employee       5% Accelerate
                                                       monthly recurring        expense            5% Global partner NPS
                                                                                                                                    engagement          strategy
                                                       revenue (nnMRR)        (OPEX Ratio)      5% Global small business NPS

                                                      See the next page for information on the STI measures and the rationale for why those measures were chosen.


                          Individual multiplier       Individual multiplier is based on personal impact tied to the delivery of individual goals and other agreed
                          (applies to the overall     deliverables crucial to the success of the company, the demonstration and embodiment of Xero values, and
                          calculated STI outcome)     the display of leadership attributes.


                          Target setting              Measures, weightings, and targets set at the beginning of each financial year are reviewed by the PRC
                                                      and approved by the Board annually. Performance measures are calibrated to ensure they are sufficiently
                                                      stretching and aligned to our values, longer-term strategic priorities and risk appetite. The targets we set are
                                                      ambitious and thoughtful, and depending on the expected performance, may increase, decrease or stay the
                                                      same from the previous year. See section 5.6 for further information.


                          Evaluation of performance   Performance against financial and non-financial objectives is determined at the end of the financial year.
                                                      Financial outcomes are confirmed after the audited results are finalised. Leadership team performance
                                                      (individual multiplier), including acting in accordance with Xero’s values, is reviewed by the CEO in
                                                      consultation with the PRC (and in the case of the CEO, by the Board).


                          Pay vehicle                 50% of STI awarded is paid in cash with the remaining 50% issued in a single tranche of RSUs. RSUs do not
                                                      carry an entitlement to dividends or voting rights prior to vesting.


                          Grant date                  RSUs are typically granted annually in or around July, following the conclusion of the performance period.


                          Vesting schedule            RSUs vest in May in the year following the grant date, subject to continued service and confirmation from the
                          and conditions              PRC that no award adjustment events have occurred.


                          Amendments and              Other than as set out above, the Board has discretion to make changes to the terms of RSUs and the Xero
                          adjustments                 Limited USA Incentive Scheme, subject to the law and ASX Listing Rules applicable, from time to time. The
                                                      Board also has power to make upward or downward adjustments to the overall STI outcome and the number
                                                      of RSUs that vest if the outcome does not reflect true company performance or the payment would not be
                                                      warranted based on behavioural or risk outcomes. Refer to section 5.4 to 5.5 for further information on the
                                                      Board’s malus and clawback and adjustment principles.




                        Refer to section 7.5 for further information on how equity is treated upon cessation of employment.
                                                                                                   REFLECTIONS        GOVERNANCE           FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES         107




                        FY26 STI measures and weightings
                        The following table outlines the STI measures and weightings that applied to the CEO and CFO’s FY26 STI awards and the link
                        between remuneration, strategy and sustained long-term value creation. For FY26, two new STI metrics were introduced:
                        Underlying Churn and Accelerate Strategy (see below for more information).

                        The measures chosen for the FY26 STI were selected based on their alignment with our strategic objectives.

                         PERFORMANCE MEASURE           WEIGHTING     RATIONALE FOR CHOICE OF MEASURE

                         Shareholder (70% of total)

                         Group net new monthly           35%         • Demonstrates Xero’s ability to scale and deliver sustainable sources of revenue
                         recurring revenue                           • Key leading indicator of Xero’s financial performance that represents Xero’s ability to acquire
                         (nnMRR)                                       new customers and penetrate the existing customer base, directly driving subscription or other
                                                                       recurring revenue growth
                                                                     • Indicates the effectiveness of Xero’s sales and marketing functions and the value of Xero’s
                                                                       investment into product development
                                                                     • Net new MRR is calculated excluding the impact of foreign exchange (FX)




For personal use only
                         Operating expense               35%         • Key financial indicator that captures the efficiency of Xero’s operational spending
                         (OPEX) ratio                                • Demonstrates how effectively resources are being managed across the business and acts as a
                                                                       measure of profitability
                                                                     • The OPEX ratio is calculated inclusive of share-based compensation, consistent with income
                                                                       statement presentation
                                                                     • The ratio is calculated on a constant currency basis

                         Customer (15% of total)

                         Underlying churn                 5%         • Captures the cumulative impact of product quality, value perception, pricing, support, and
                                                                       competitive alternatives
                                                                     • Provides a realised and measurable measure of how sentiment is likely to impact business
                                                                       performance and long-term value
                                                                     • Is an impactful barometer of customer sentiment and actual customer behavior
                                                                     • Underlying churn is evaluated over a 12 month period and on a cohorted basis (i.e. customers that
                                                                       have been users for more than six months) to reflect core customer retention and remove short-
                                                                       term volatility and seasonality

                         Global partner and small        10%         •   Key indicator of small business customer and accountant and bookkeeper partner satisfaction
                         business NPS                                •   Ensures continued focus on customer retention
                                                                     •   Drives value creation through greater stakeholder trust and customer advocacy
                                                                     •   Drives value creation through delivery of a product experience that exceeds expectations,
                                                                         increased brand awareness, perception and value, including trust in the reliability and security
                                                                         of data

                         Employee (10% of total)

                         Employee engagement             10%         •   Key indicator of employee sentiment and engagement
                                                                     •   Ensures continued focus on enhancing employee engagement
                                                                     •   Drives value creation through enhanced attraction, development and retention of top talent
                                                                     •   Measures success of targeted initiatives and flexible ways of working to promote diversity, pay
                                                                         equity and an inclusive environment

                         Strategy (5% of total)

                         Accelerate strategy              5%         • Xero is an OKR driven business, all employee goals are aligned to company OKRs where possible
                                                                     • This measure captures how we improve the business beyond the scorecard that drive our
                                                                       transformational agenda and play an instrumental role in executing Xero’s annual and
                                                                       long-term strategy

                         Individual multiplier (applies to the overall calculated STI outcome)

                         Impact achieved against      Applies to
                                                                     •   Key indicator of individual leadership performance
                         key company goals            the overall
                                                                     •   Ensures focus on individual achievement of key company goals
                         and leadership values        calculated
                                                                     •   Drives value creation through all of Xero’s key outcomes
                         exhibited                        STI
                                                                     •   Assesses demonstration of leadership values
                                                       outcome


                        We have evolved our employee analytics capabilities and partnered with a new engagement survey provider for FY26 and beyond.

                        The overall engagement score is now calculated as the average favourable score across three distinct, critical markers of employee
                        sentiment covering employee motivation, personal accomplishment and recommending Xero as a great place to work. As a result
                        of this transition, the performance targets and scores for FY26 and beyond are measured on a 100-point scale and different
                        methodology from prior periods.
                        108 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                        7.4.3 Long Term Incentive (LTI) — performance-based

                        LTI is structured to reward the effective execution of Xero’s long-term strategy and sustained shareholder value creation. The FY26
                        award is subject to three performance measures, each assessed over a three year performance period: operating revenue growth,
                        average FCF margin and rTSR.

                        The combination of revenue growth and FCF measures reflects our focus on balancing growth and profitability. While, rTSR ensures
                        management remains focused on our share price performance to support sustainable shareholder value over time.


                        The following table provides an overview of the key features of the FY26 LTI structure.

                          ELEMENT              DETAILS

                          Purpose              Rewards delivery against longer-term strategy and sustained value creation.

                          FY26 Opportunity     CEO: USD7,060,000 at target; USD10,590,000 at maximum.
                                               CFO: USD2,500,000 at target; USD3,750,000 at maximum.




For personal use only
                          Pay vehicle          LTI is provided in the form of PSUs which do not carry an entitlement to dividends or voting rights prior to vesting.

                          Vesting conditions   The LTI value awarded is contingent on performance targets over a three-year period (commencing 1 April 2025
                          and metrics          and ending 31 March 2028). PSUs under the LTI vest once tested in or around May after the end of the three-year
                                               performance period.

                                               Performance contingent component measures, weightings, definitions:

                                               Metric              Weighting     Definition (and vesting schedule)

                                               Operating               37.5%     Calculated based on the three year constant currency compound annual growth
                                               revenue growth                    rate (CAGR) of operating revenue over the period 1 April 2025 through to 31 March
                                                                                 2028.

                                               FCF margin              37.5%     Calculated based on the average three year FCF margin over the period 1 April 2025
                                                                                 through to 31 March 2028. FCF margin is calculated as FCF divided by operating
                                                                                 revenue. FCF, for the purposes of LTI measurement, is defined as operating cash
                                                                                 flows less investing cash flows, excluding investing cash flows used for acquisitions
                                                                                 and strategic investments and net interest income. As a non-cash item, share-
                                                                                 based compensation is excluded from the calculation of FCF.

                                               Relative total          25%       Calculated based on the performance of Xero shares relative to the performance
                                               shareholder                       of shares issued (including dividends and other shareholder benefits paid) by
                                               return (rTSR)                     companies in the EMCLOUD comparator group, over the period 1 April 2025 through
                                                                                 to 31 March 2028.
                                                                                 The rTSR targets and vesting schedule are:

                                                                                                           Target                 Vesting Schedule
                                                                                     Below Threshold       <50th percentile       0%

                                                                                     Minimum Threshold     50th percentile        50%

                                                                                     Target                62.5th percentile      100%

                                                                                     Maximum               75th percentile        150%

                                               While we are committed to providing our shareholders with clear and transparent remuneration reporting, we do
                                               not prospectively disclose the specific performance targets for our LTI revenue growth and FCF measures. These
                                               are commercially sensitive measures, and the disclosure of specific long term targets in this regard would entail
                                               unwarranted risks.

                          Grant Date           PSUs are typically granted annually in or around July each year.

                          Allocation
                          methodology                    Grant Value             ÷             30-day VWAP               =             Number of PSUs


                                               The 30-day volume weighted average price (VWAP) of Xero shares is calculated up to and including the trading day
                                               prior to the grant date.

                          Amendments and       The Board has discretion to make changes to the terms of PSUs, and the Xero Limited USA Incentive Scheme,
                          adjustments          subject to the law and ASX Listing Rules applicable, from time to time. The Board also has power to make upward or
                                               downward adjustments to the overall LTI outcome and the number of PSUs that vest if the outcome does not reflect
                                               true company performance or the payment would not be warranted based on behavioural or risk outcomes. Refer to
                                               section 5.4 to 5.5 for further information on the Board’s malus and clawback and adjustment principles.

                        Refer to section 7.5 for further information on how equity is treated upon cessation of employment.
                                                                                                 REFLECTIONS          GOVERNANCE           FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES      109




                        FY26 LTI Peer Group
                        The FY26 peer group used for Xero’s LTI rTSR calculation is the EMCLOUD (Nasdaq Emerging Cloud Index) as at 1 April 2025.
                        Launched in 2013, the EMCLOUD Index is an equally weighted index designed to track the performance of public companies
                        primarily involved in providing cloud software to their customers. Some of the eligibility criteria include a market cap of at least
                        USD500 million, majority of revenue from cloud-based software and services and publicly listed for at least three months. The
                        following table lists the companies that form this peer group.

                        TICKER                 COMPANY NAME              TICKER                   COMPANY NAME              TICKER                   COMPANY NAME
                        ADBE                   Adobe                     ESTC                     Elastic N.V               RNG                      Ringcentral
                        ALKT                   Alkami Technology         FSLY                     Fastly                    RBRK                     Rubrik
                        APPF                   Appfolio                  FIVN                     Five9                     CRM                      Salesforce
                        ASAN                   Asana                     FRSH                     Freshworks                IOT                      Samsara
                        TEAM                   Atlassian                 GTLB                     Gitlab                    S                        Sentinelone
                        AVPT                   Avepoint                  HUBS                     Hubspot                   NOW                      Servicenow




For personal use only
                        AVDX                   Avidxchange               INTA                     Intapp                    SHOP                     Shopify
                        BILL                   Bill Holdings             FROG                     Jfrog                     SNOW                     Snowflake
                        BL                     Blackline                 KVYO                     Klaviyo                   CXM                      Sprinklr
                        BOX                    Box                       MNDY                     Monday.Com                SPT                      Sprout Social
                        BRZE                   Braze                     MDB                      Mongodb                   SPSC                     Sps Commerce
                        AI                     C3.Ai                     NCNO                     Ncino                     TENB                     Tenable
                        CWAN                   Clearwater Analytics      OKTA                     Okta                      TOST                     Toast
                        NET                    Cloudflare                OLO                      Olo                       TWLO                     Twilio
                        CFLT                   Confluent                 PD                       Pagerduty                 PATH                     Uipath
                        CRWD                   Crowdstrike               PLTR                     Palantir Tech             VEEV                     Veeva Systems
                        CYBR                   Cyberark                  PANW                     Palo Alto Ntwks           WEAV                     Weave Communications
                        DDOG                   Datadog                   PAYC                     Paycom Software           WIX                      Wix.Com
                        DAY                    Dayforce                  PCTY                     Paylocity                 WDAY                     Workday
                        DOCN                   Digitalocean              PYPL                     Paypal                    WK                       Workiva
                        DOCU                   Docusign                  PCOR                     Procore                   ZETA                     Zeta Global
                        DBX                    Dropbox                   QTWO                     Q2 Holdings               ZS                       Zscaler
                        DT                     Dynatrace                 QLYS                     Qualys



                        7.5 Employment conditions and incentive treatment upon cessation of employment
                        The following tables outline the employment conditions pertaining to the CEO and CFO for FY26.


                         ELEMENT              DETAILS

                         Basis of contract    Ongoing (no fixed term).


                         Notice period        Sukhinder Singh-Cassidy (CEO): Twelve months by either party
                                              Claire Bramley (CFO): Six months by either party
                                              Shorter notice may apply by agreement.


                         Base salary          Subject to annual review (but no adjustments to base salary are guaranteed).


                         Incentive            Eligible to participate in short-term incentive arrangements and long-term incentive arrangements, and in the case of
                         opportunities        the CEO, an initial equity grant awarded upon commencement and an option grant awarded in FY25.


                         Payment in lieu of   Xero may pay notice in lieu of all or part of the notice period or require the individual to work for part or all of the
                         notice period        notice period and pay the balance in lieu.


                         Treatment of STI     For the CEO, the following treatment applies:
                         and LTE / LTI        • If the CEO is dismissed for cause or resigns (other than for good reason or genuine retirement), the CEO’s STI Cash
                                                 and Equity, LTI / LTE and unvested options will be forfeited, unless the Board determines otherwise
                                              • If the CEO terminates her employment for good reason or her employment is terminated without cause:
                                                 › The cash component of the STI and any unvested LTI / LTE will be pro-rated and remain on foot and be eligible to
                                                   vest in the ordinary course (as if employment had not ceased)
                                                 › The STI equity component already awarded will remain on foot and be eligible to vest in the ordinary course (as
                                                   if employment had not ceased)
                        110 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                          ELEMENT              DETAILS

                          Treatment of STI     • If the CEO ceases employment for any other reason, unless the board determines otherwise:
                          and LTE / LTI           › The cash component of the STI and any unvested LTI / LTE will be pro-rated and remain on foot and be eligible to
                          Cont.                     vest in the ordinary course (as if employment had not ceased)
                                                  › The STI equity component already awarded will remain on foot and be eligible to vest in the ordinary course (as
                                                    if employment had not ceased)
                                               Unless the Board determines otherwise:
                                               • If the CFO ceases employment for cause or resignation, all unvested RSUs / PSUs lapse and all STI awards not yet
                                                 paid are forfeited
                                               • If the CFO ceases employment for any other reason (such as a genuine retirement or mutual agreement) the cash
                                                 component of the STI and any unvested LTI / LTE will be pro-rated and remain on foot and be eligible to vest in the
                                                 ordinary course (as if employment had not ceased)


                          Treatment of         If cessation of employment occurs prior to the vest date (for a tranche) and:




For personal use only
                          CEO initial equity   • The CEO is dismissed for cause or resigns (other than for good reason or genuine retirement), the CEO’s unvested
                          grant and FY25           options and RSUs will be forfeited, unless the Board determines otherwise
                          option grant         • The CEO terminates her employment due to a genuine retirement
                                                  › Initial equity grant: all unvested options and RSUs remain on foot and are eligible to vest in the ordinary course
                                                    (as if employment had not ceased)
                                                  › FY25 option grant: a pro-rata amount of all unvested options remain on foot and are eligible to vest in the
                                                    ordinary course (as if employment had not ceased)
                                               • If the CEO terminates her employment for good reason or her employment is terminated without cause or for any
                                                 other reason, all unvested options and RSUs remain on foot and are eligible to vest in the ordinary course (as if
                                                 employment had not ceased)
                                               If cessation of employment occurs after the Vesting Date (for a tranche) for any reason, all vested options remain on
                                               foot and the post vesting trading restriction and expiry dates remain the same.


                          Treatment of CFO     Unless the Board determines otherwise:
                          sign-on award        • If the CFO ceases employment for cause or resignation
                                                  › all unvested RSUs lapse
                                                  › any cash component paid in the 12 months preceding the cessation of employment date, must be repaid
                                               • If the CFO ceases employment for any other reason (such as a genuine retirement or mutual agreement)
                                                  › any unvested RSUs will be pro-rated and remain on foot and be eligible to vest in the ordinary course (as if
                                                    employment had not ceased)
                                                  › any cash component paid prior to the cessation of employment date are retained
                                                  › any cash component yet to be paid may be retained in part depending on the timing and nature of departure




                        8. KEY REMUNERATION ARRANGEMENTS FOR FY27
                        8.1 FY27 STI
                        The FY27 STI plan will evolve to further match both market practice and investor feedback:
                         • The total proportion of the scorecard dedicated to core financial measures will increase to 85% financial (was 70%)
                         • nnMRR will incorporate a blend of global measurement with additional focus on key regions across the 3x3 markets. This better
                           reflects the collective executive decisions required to optimise our overall growth trajectory. The total weighting attributed to
                           nnMRR will be 45% spread across these measures. The nnMRR calculation will be updated to encompass non-subscription,
                           transaction-based revenue streams, such as payments through Melio
                         • The primary profitability measure will change from an OPEX ratio to an EBITDA-based metric aligned to our updated approach to
                           providing market guidance
                         • As our business evolves, customer outcomes, employee outcomes, AI transformation, strategic integration, and broader execution
                           priorities have become deeply interconnected and difficult to assess in isolation. Therefore, rather than using standalone customer
                           NPS and employee engagement measures, these factors will now be evaluated collectively as part of the broader assessment for
                           accelerating our strategy
                                                                                                       REFLECTIONS          GOVERNANCE            FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES            111




                        9. FY26 PERFORMANCE AND REMUNERATION OUTCOMES
                        9.1 Xero’s five-year financial performance
                        Xero’s financial performance over the last five years is shown below, along with STI outcomes.

                         MEASURE                                                                FY22               FY23                FY24                 FY25                   FY26

                         Customers                                                         3,271,000       3,741,000            4,160,000             4,414,000            4,920,000

                         Annualised monthly recurring revenue ($000s)                      1,231,087       1,553,803             1,961,368            2,387,763             3,273,059

                         Operating revenue ($000s)                                         1,096,819       1,399,884             1,713,767             2,102,652            2,753,081

                         Operating revenue growth                                             29.2%           27.6%                 22.4%                 22.7%                  30.9%

                         FCF ($000s)                                                          2,073         102,340                342,146              506,745              554,043

                         FCF margin                                                            0.2%             7.3%                20.0%                 24.1%                   20.1%

                        Rule of 40   7
                                                                                              30.3%            31.9%                41.0%                 44.3%                  48.5%




For personal use only
                         OPEX ratio                                                           84.0%          83.2%8                 73.3%                 71.8%                  72.4%9
                         Xero share price (AUD)10                                             102.75           89.42                133.32                154.75                   75.12
                         Xero share price movement (AUD)                                      -23.78           -13.33               43.90                  21.43                 -79.63

                         Xero total shareholder return                                       -18.8%           -13.0%                 49.1%                 16.1%                 -51.5%

                         Average STI received as a % of maximum
                                                11
                                                                                               85%                 59%                 54%                49.1%                  60.4%

                         Average STI received11 as a % of target                               104%                77%                 97%                88.3%                  108.8%

                        Xero does not currently pay dividends



                        The chart below provides a comparison of Xero’s total return to the ASX200 and EMCLOUD indices.

                        Xero Performance (vs EMCLOUD and ASX)
                                                                                                                                 XRO                 EMCLOUD                     ASX 200
                        250




                        200




                        150




                        100




                         50
                              March 2023                                  March 2024                                      March 2025                                       March 2026

                        7. Rule of 40 is defined as the sum of annual revenue growth percentage in constant currency and free cash flow margin percentage (free cash flow as a
                           percentage of revenue)
                        8. Includes restructuring costs. Excluding restructuring costs the FY23 OPEX ratio was 80.7%
                        9. Includes acquisition costs. Excluding acquisition costs the FY26 OPEX ratio was 70.5%
                        10. Closing price for the last trading day in the financial year
                        11. Relates to STI received by disclosed executives for the relevant year
                        112 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                        9.2 Xero’s FY26 STI Outcomes
                        The annual outcomes achieved for the CEO and CFO are based on Xero’s FY26 performance as set out below. Overall calculated STI
                        outcomes may range from 0%-180%.


                        STI Scorecard — company-wide performance12


                          OBJECTIVES     WEIGHTING     COMMENTARY                                  ACHIEVEMENT                  SCORECARD RESULT                     WEIGHTED OUTCOMES

                                                                                                                                                                    Outcome    Outcome
                                                                                                                    Threshold        Target            Max
                                                                                                                                                                       (% of      (% of
                                                                                                                      50%            100%             150%
                                                                                                                                                                     target)      max)


                                                       Group nnMRR
                                                                                                                   $37.8m            $47.2m            $56.6m
                                                       nnMRR is calculated at $38.5m
                                                       (excluding the impact of FX). This
                                            35%                                                       53.9%                                                           18.9%      12.6%
                                                       was below target of $47.2m, driven




For personal use only
                                                       mainly by the impact of pricing and
                                                                                                                      $38.5m
                                                       packaging actions from the prior year.

                          Share-                       Group OPEX ratio
                          holder                       Group OPEX Ratio was 70.7%
                          (70%)                        (excluding the impact of FX), which
                                                       was better than target primarily                             71.8%             71.4%            71.0%
                                                       driven by increased operational
                                            35%        efficiencies and disciplined labour             150%                                                          52.5%       35.0%
                                                       cost management. This was reflected
                                                       in the improvement in Xero’s OPEX                                                                70.7%
                                                       ratio guidance for FY26 from 71.5% to
                                                       70.5%, which was announced at our
                                                       H1 FY26 results.

                                                       Global partner & small business NPS                                        Partner NPS
                                                       Partner NPS of 52 was at target and                           50                52                54
                                                       small business NPS of 30 was below
                                                       the threshold for FY26. The outcomes
                                                       for each measure are calculated
                                                       based on the total promoters less
                                                                                                                                        52
                                                       total detractors from the total
                                            10%                                                        50%                                                            5.0%        3.3%
                                                       number of survey responses received
                                                                                                                              Small Business NPS
                                                       over the twelve month performance
                                                       period. There was a slight                                    34                36                38
                          Customer                     improvement in partner NPS from
                          (15%)                        FY25 and decline in small business
                                                       NPS driven by pricing concerns.
                                                                                                                    30

                                                       Underlying churn
                                                       Underlying churn was calculated at                           0.91%            0.83%             0.75%
                                                       0.82%. This resulted in an outcome
                                            5%         slightly better than the target of             106.3%                                                           5.3%       3.5%
                                                       0.83% reflecting good outcomes
                                                       across customer acquisition,                                                     0.82%
                                                       retention and satisfaction.

                                                       Employee engagement
                                                       Employee engagement was at threshold                          68                 71               74
                                                       for FY26 at 68%. During FY26, we
                          Employee
                                            10%        delivered a number of initiatives to            50%                                                            5.0%        3.3%
                          (10%)                        drive employee engagement, including
                                                       LinkedIn Learning, the Xero Leadership                        68
                                                       Foundations program and AI Xplore Day.

                                                       Accelerate strategy
                                                       Reflects the strong collective
                                                       performance delivered against
                                                       our FY26 OKRs beyond the STI                                Threshold         Target             Max
                          Strategy                     scorecard. This included successfully
                                            5%                                                         150%                                                           7.5%        5.0%
                          (5%)                         acquiring and integrating Melio and
                                                       AI innovation across key product
                                                       enhancements for customers while
                                                       embedding AI internally to drive
                                                       operational leverage.

                          Total FY26 STI Scorecard Outcome                                                                                                           94.2%       62.7%




                        12. STI performance metrics may not directly align with reported metrics due to minor definitional and calculation convention differences
                                                                                                  REFLECTIONS       GOVERNANCE              FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES     113




                        Individual performance outcomes

                                                                                                             INDIVIDUAL MULTIPLIER                  TOTAL STI OUTCOME
                                           DESCRIPTION                                     ROLE
                                                                                                       Min          Target           Max        % of target     % of max
                                                                                                       0x             1x             1.5x      opportunity    opportunity

                         Individual        Impact achieved against key company goals
                         Performance       and leadership values exhibited:
                                                                                           CEO                                                   113.0%          62.8%
                                           • Key indicator of individual leadership                                          1.20x
                                             performance
                                           • Ensures focus on achievement of key
                                             company goals
                                           • Drives value creation through all of Xero’s
                                             key outcomes                                  CFO                                                   104.5%          58.1%
                                           • Assesses demonstration of leadership                                         1.11x
                                             values




For personal use only
                        CEO Individual Performance
                        In FY26, the CEO positioned Xero for long-term growth by aligning strategy toward global scalability, particularly in the US. She
                        successfully delivered the FY26 plan, meeting key revenue and strategic goal targets while maintaining cost discipline through the
                        Melio acquisition and organisational redesign. The Board noted her exceptional leadership in executing the Melio transaction and
                        driving progress in AU, UK and global product velocity.
                        Furthermore, the CEO accelerated Xero’s AI execution and innovation through the rollout of JAX and strategic partnerships with
                        both OpenAI and Anthropic. Her management transformed the company’s cost structure and continued to drive the evolution of
                        Xero’s culture to a high performance organisation. Consequently, the Board awarded a final STI outcome of 113.0% of her target
                        opportunity (or 62.8% of her maximum opportunity).


                        CFO Individual Performance
                        In her first year, the CFO drove strong financial leadership, partnering with the CEO to deliver robust growth and a strong Rule
                        of 40 outcome. She played a pivotal role in the financial integration and funding strategy for the Melio acquisition, securing the
                        foundation for US scaling.
                        The CFO also drove rigorous cost discipline and operational efficiency across the business. The Board’s assessment, based on
                        the FY26 financial plan and individual goals, ensures her outcomes are firmly aligned with disciplined capital management and
                        long-term shareholder value. The CFO was awarded a final STI outcome of 104.5% of her target opportunity (or 58.1% of her
                        maximum opportunity).
                        114 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                        9.3 Xero’s FY24 LTI Outcomes
                        The FY24 LTI reached the end of its three year performance period on 31 March 2026. The targets for each performance metric
                        are set by the Board at the start of the performance period. The performance range for the operating revenue metric was set by
                        reference to our three year strategic and financial plan, historical and forecast financial performance (including guidance) and
                        market consensus at the time13. The peer group for the rTSR metric was the EMCLOUD (Nasdaq Emerging Cloud Index) and is set
                        each year at the start of the performance period.

                        The targets and performance outcomes are summarised in the table below.
                                                                                                                PERFORMANCE RANGE                  PERFORMANCE AND VESTING OUTCOMES

                                                                                                      Threshold      Target           Max
                                                                                                        33.3%         66.7%          100%
                                                                                                       vesting       vesting        vesting                          Weighted outcomes
                                                                                                      Straight-line vesting from threshold       Performance % of target % of max
                         Metric         Commentary                                       Weighting               through to max                     result

                         Operating      Three year compound annual growth rate




For personal use only
                         revenue        (CAGR) of operating revenue over the
                                        period 1 April 2023 through to 31 March            37.5%         20%           22%            24%                20%            18.7%      12.5%
                                        2026, calculated based on constant
                                        currency assumptions

                         FCF margin     Average three year FCF margin over the
                                        period 1 April 2023 through to 31 March
                                        2026. FCF margin is calculated as FCF
                                        divided by operating revenue. FCF, for the
                                        purposes of LTI measurement, is defined
                                        as operating cash flows less investing cash        37.5%         14%           15%            17%            19.8%             56.3%       37.5%
                                        flows, excluding investing cash flows used
                                        for acquisitions and strategic investments
                                        and net interest income. As a non-cash
                                        item, share-based compensation is
                                        excluded from calculation of FCF

                         rTSR           Calculated based on the performance of
                                        Xero shares relative to the performance
                                        of shares issued (including dividends and
                                                                                                        50th         62.5th          75th            63.7th
                                        other shareholder benefits paid) by the            25%                                                                         26.3%       17.5%
                                                                                                      percentile    percentile     percentile      percentile
                                        other companies in the comparator group,
                                        over the period 1 April 2023 through to 31
                                        March 2026

                         Total LTI outcome                                                                                                                             101.3%   67.5%

                        To assess Operating Revenue and FCF margin performance measures, the Board reviews Xero’s financial performance and results,
                        including the financial statements which are audited by our external auditor. The rTSR outcome for the FY24 LTI plan is calculated
                        and verified by an independent third party. Any peer group company that delists during the performance period for reasons other
                        than insolvency are excluded from the rTSR test. During the performance period, Avidxchange Holdings, Everbridge, Momentive
                        Global, New Relic, Olo, Smartsheet, Squarespace, Sumo Logic, Vimeo, Qualtrics International and Zuora were delisted and removed
                        from the peer group. The FY24 LTI peer group (excluding Xero) is provided below for reference.

                         TICKER       COMPANY NAME             TICKER       COMPANY NAME               TICKER       COMPANY NAME                TICKER          COMPANY NAME
                         ADBE.OQ      Adobe                    CRWD.OQ      CrowdStrike Holdings       NCNO.OQ      nCino                       SPT.OQ          Sprout Social
                         AMPL.OQ      Amplitude                DDOG.OQ      Datadog                    OKTA.OQ      Okta                        TENB.OQ         Tenable Holdings
                         APPF.OQ      Appfolio                 DH.OQ        Definitive Healthcare      PD.N         PagerDuty                   TOST.N          Toast
                         ASAN.N       Asana                    DOCN.N       DigitalOcean Holdings      PAYC.N       Paycom Software             TWLO.N          Twilio
                         TEAM.OQ      Atlassian Corp           DOCU         DocuSign                   PCTY.OQ      Paylocity Holding           PATH.N          UiPath
                         BILL.N       BILL Holdings            DBX          Dropbox                    PYPL.OQ      PayPal Holdings             VEEV.N          Veeva Systems
                         BL.OQ        BlackLine                ESTC.N       Elastic NV                 PCOR.N       Procore Technologies        WIX.OQ          Wix.Com
                         SQ.N         Block                    FSLY.OQ      Fastly                     QTWO.N       Q2 Holdings                 WDAY.OQ         Workday
                         BOX.N        Box                      FIVN.OQ      Five9                      QLYS.OQ      Qualys                      WK.N            Workiva
                         BRZE.OQ      Braze                    FRSH.OQ      Freshworks                 RNG.N        RingCentral                 YEXT.N          Yext
                         AI.N         C3.ai                    GTLB.OQ      GitLab                     CRM.N        Salesforce                  ZM.OQ           Zoom Communications
                         CWAN.N       Clearwater Analytics     HUBS.N       HubSpot                    S.N          SentinelOne                 GTM.OQ          Zoominfo Technologies
                         NET.N        Cloudflare               FROG.OQ      Jfrog                      NOW.N        ServiceNow                  ZS.OQ           Zscaler
                         BIGC.OQ      Commerce.com             MNDY.OQ      monday.com                 SHOP.OQ      Shopify                     TWOU.OQ         2U
                         CFLT.OQ      Confluent                MDB.OQ       MongoDB                    SNOW.N       Snowflake


                        13. The Board set the FY24 LTI targets above the prevailing market consensus at that time
                                                                                                                                              REFLECTIONS                                GOVERNANCE         FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES            115




                        The following chart demonstrates Xero’s performance against the above peer group over the LTI performance period 1 April 2023
                        through to 31 March 2026. With an absolute TSR of -5.78% over the performance period, Xero is positioned at the 63.7th percentile
                        of the peer group.

                        FY24 LTI Peer Group TSR Outcomes




                                                                                                        50th percentile                              75th percentile
                                                                                                                          62.5th percentile
                                           Cloudflare                                                                                                                                                                                 223.70%
                                CrowdStrike Holdings                                                                                                                                                                         205.09%
                                              Shopify                                                                                                                                                              169.07%
                                                 Jfrog                                                                                                                                             96.85%
                               DigitalOcean Holdings                                                                                                                                              91.01%
                                                Twilio                                                                                                                                    76.31%
                                          Q2 Holdings                                                                                                                                    70.94%
                                             Datadog                                                                                                                                 60.19%
                                                Toast                                                                                                                           46.72%
                                                Fastly                                                                                                                          44.72%
                        Clearwater Analytics Holdings                                                                                                                       40.10%
                                             Appfolio                                                                                                                    32.27%
                                            MongoDB                                                                                                                    25.27%




For personal use only
                                              Zscaler                                                                                                                  23.83%
                                          ServiceNow                                                                                                              20.46%
                                             Dropbox                                                                                                     15.16%
                                           Snowflake                                                                                                  13.64%
                                          RingCentral                                                                                               10.06%
                              Zoom Communications                                                                                                  6.12%
                                           Salesforce                                                                                             2.23%
                                       Veeva Systems                                                                                              0.69%
                                                 Xero                                                  -5.78%
                                                 Okta                                                  -8.76%
                                           Elastic NV                                               -10.98%
                                             Wix.Com                                               -14.19%
                                Procore Technologies                                               -14.66%
                                         SentinelOne                                               -15.30%
                                                   Box                                           -18.78%
                                                Block                                           -22.36%
                                            DocuSign                                          -25.20%
                                               Qualys                                         -25.87%
                                               Adobe                                         -30.17%
                                             Workday                                        -31.09%
                                               UiPath                                       -31.22%
                                             Workiva                                    -37.45%
                                             HubSpot                                   -38.28%
                                                nCino                                  -40.03%
                                                Braze                                 -41.83%
                                      PayPal Holdings                                 -42.00%
                                                  Yext                                -42.62%
                              Paylocity Holding Corp                                  -44.11%
                                               GitLab                                -44.28%
                                           Amplitude                                -45.99%
                                            BlackLine                               -47.59%
                                          Freshworks                                -48.05%
                                        BILL Holdings                              -50.44%
                                         monday.com                                -50.78%
                                       Atlassian Corp                            -56.31%
                                     Paycom Software                              -57.11%
                                     Tenable Holdings                         -57.83%
                                                 C3.ai                     -63.98%
                                               Asana                        -64.17%
                                      Commerce.com                       -71.26%
                              Zoominfo Technologies                    -75.80%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Xero
                                                 Five9                  -76.13%
                                           PagerDuty                   -78.35%                                                                                                                                                 Peers
                           Definitive Healthcare Corp           -89.66%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Percentiles
                                        Sprout Social           -90.37%
                                                    2U      -100.00%

                                                    -150%        -100%                      -50%                                              0                            50%                100%          150%        200%              250%

                                                                                                                                                           TSR performance
                        116 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                        10. CEO AND CFO REMUNERATION
                        10.1 Realised remuneration (based on accounting values)
                        The following table provides details of the remuneration received by the CEO and CFO during FY26 and FY25 based on the
                        accounting value of options and RSU grants that vested during the year, recognised in accordance with applicable accounting
                        standards. The CEO and CFO received no monetary benefits other than those stated below.

                        The remuneration received by the CEO and CFO disclosed in the table below for FY26 is based on the following:
                         • Fixed annual remuneration earned between 1 April 2025 and 31 March 2026
                         • For FY26, the values are based on the following:
                            › Cash STI: relates to the FY25 STI cash component that was paid in June 2025
                            › Other: for the CFO, relates to the first tranche of the cash component of the CFO’s sign-on award14
                            › Option grants: For the CEO, this value relates to Tranche 3 of the CEO’s Initial Equity Option Grant vested in November 2025
                              and Tranche 1 of the CEO’s Top-Up Equity Grant vested in December 2025. The table below shows the accounting value for the
                              CEO’s options that vested during FY26. Because Xero’s share price was lower than the exercise prices as of 31 March 2026,




For personal use only
                              these options were “underwater” (out-of-the-money) and held no intrinsic value at the reporting date. The CEO has not
                              exercised any of these options as of the date of this report
                            › RSU / PSU grants: For the CEO, this value comprises the deferred RSU component of the FY24 STI, Tranche 2 of the FY24 LTE,
                              Tranche 1 of the FY25 LTE and the FY23 LTI, all of which vested in May 2025. It also includes Tranche 3 of the CEO’s Initial
                              Equity remediation grant, which vested in November 2024. For the CFO, this value includes the RSUs relating to the first
                              tranche of her sign-on award that vested in March 202614


                          FIXED REMUNERATION                                                  VARIABLE REMUNERATION 15

                                                                                              Accounting value of grants vested during the year, in the form of:

                                        Financial    Base Salary     Pension        Other                  Cash STI          Options grants            RSU grants      Total remuneration
                         Name               Year        ($000s)      ($000s)      ($000s)                 ($000s)16                ($000s)               ($000s)        received17 ($000s)

                         Sukhinder           FY26             923          20             -                     614                 20,371                   7,018                 28,946
                         Singh
                         Cassidy             FY25            1,237         23             -                     652                    5,111                 2,039                  9,062

                         Claire              FY26             889          34         5,498                        -                       -                 4,208                 10,629
                         Bramley
                                             FY25                -           -            -                        -                       -                       -                     -



                        10.2 FY26 Actual take-home pay
                        To help our stakeholders better understand what was actually paid to the CEO and CFO during FY26, we have included a table this year
                        that presents the actual take-home pay that was realised. The values for options and RSU grants are only included where equity has
                        vested and was exercised or released during FY26, valued at the 31 March 2026 share price rather than the accounting value provided
                        above. This predominantly impacts the value of the option grants which are currently “out-of-the-money” and are yet to be exercised.
                        For FY26, the actual take-home pay realised by the CEO and CFO was NZD7.535 million and NZD8.493 million, respectively.

                          FIXED REMUNERATION                                                      VARIABLE REMUNERATION 15

                                                                                                  Face value of grants that vested during the year, in the form of:

                                            Financial    Base Salary     Pension         Other                 Cash STI         Options grants         RSU grants        Total take-home
                         Name                   Year        ($000s)      ($000s)       ($000s)                ($000s)16               ($000s)            ($000s)             pay ($000s)

                         Sukhinder
                                                FY26              923            20           -                        614                     -             5,978                  7,535
                         Singh Cassidy
                         Claire
                                                FY26              889            34      5,498                           -                     -             2,072                  8,493
                         Bramley




                        14. As part of the CFO’s appointment, a sign-on award was provided to compensate for equity and other compensation foregone with her previous employer and
                            smooth out annual realisable pay during her first two years of employment. The sign-on award is split between USD4,250,000 in cash (paid over four years)
                            and USD10,070,000 in RSUs (vesting over three years). Please refer to the 2025 Remuneration Report for further information
                        15. Includes the value of options and RSUs / PSUs granted in prior years that vested in the year
                        16. Relates to the FY25 STI cash component paid during FY26. Further details on FY26 STI outcomes for the CEO and CFO are outlined in section 9.2. Further
                            details on other FY26 remuneration elements and outcomes for the CEO and CFO are outlined in section 7
                        17. For FY26, the actual take-home pay realised by the CEO and CFO was NZD7.535 million and NZD8.493 million, respectively. See section 10.2
                                                                                                          REFLECTIONS          GOVERNANCE              FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES          117




                        11. CEO AND CFO EQUITY HOLDINGS
                        The following table presents current at-risk equity and share holdings for the CEO and CFO as at 31 March 2026.



                                           OPENING GRANTED / ISSUED                                                     LAPSED /      TAXATION SELL
                                           BALANCE DURING THE YEAR                 VESTED         EXERCISED 18         FORFEITED         TO COVER 19      SHARES SOLD 20 CLOSING BALANCE 21

                        Options

                        CEO              1,038,308                    -         (346,102)                    -                 -                   -                     -      1,038,308

                        CFO                       -                   -                  -                   -                 -                   -                     -                -

                        RSUs / PSUs

                        CEO                 171,151           153,049            (32,304)                    -           (8,525)            (34,119)                     -        249,252

                        CFO                       -            145,216           (13,253)                    -                 -            (9,773)                      -         122,190




For personal use only
                        Ordinary Shares

                        CEO                  12,815            32,304                    -                   -                 -                   -          (10,073)             35,046

                        CFO                       -            23,026                    -                   -                 -                   -                     -         23,026


                        Calculated as of 31 March 2026, and excluding options and RSUs subject to performance hurdles, the CEO and CFO held Xero shares
                        and RSUs valued at 11.6 times and 10.2 times their respective base salaries.



                        12. NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR (NED) REMUNERATION
                        The total remuneration available to NEDs is fixed and approved by shareholders. The annual total aggregate NED remuneration is
                        capped at NZD3.3 million, as approved by shareholders at Xero’s Annual Meeting in August 2023.

                        The Board sets the fees for the NEDs at a level that provides Xero with the ability to attract and retain directors of a high calibre
                        from the markets in which Xero operates. The fees paid to NEDs are structured to reflect time commitment, responsibilities, and
                        workloads.

                        Historically, NED benchmarking was conducted separately across the US, Australia, and the UK. For FY26, we have refined this
                        methodology to better reflect the increasing scale, operational complexity, heightened governance requirements and increasing
                        workload. We now benchmark NED fees across two primary talent pools: the US and the “Rest of World” (which comprises our ANZ
                        benchmarking data). Consideration is also given to secondary benchmarks, such as the UK peer group, EMCLOUD and broader ASX
                        market practice beyond the ANZ peer group.

                        The Board determined that outside of the highly differentiated and uniquely competitive US technology market, the significant
                        scale of Xero’s operations and the uniform governance expectations placed upon our directors necessitate a consolidated
                        approach. By aligning ANZ and UK into a single “Rest of World” tier, we ensure our fee structure is globally competitive, equitable,
                        and accurately reflects the unified, cross-border responsibilities borne by our non-US directors.

                        To preserve independence and impartiality, NEDs do not receive any performance-related or at-risk compensation. Xero does not
                        provide any scheme for retirement benefits, other than statutory superannuation, for NEDs. Directors’ fees are paid in New Zealand
                        dollars in order to avoid exchange rate fluctuations impacting the annual fee cap.

                        The annual total aggregate NED remuneration cap is reviewed every two years. The Board and Committee fee structures are
                        reviewed annually using the methodology outlined above having regard to the peer groups outlined in section 7.1. The last NED fee
                        review conducted in the first half of FY26 resulted in changes to the fee structure, effective 1 October 2025, as outlined below. As
                        stakeholders’ expectations of boards and committees continue to increase, so does the associated workload, often resulting in
                        additional meetings and time deliberating on matters and engaging with investors.

                        To accommodate these evolving demands and ensure Xero retains the capacity to attract and retain high-calibre talent, the Board
                        intends to seek shareholder approval for an increase to the aggregate non-executive director fee cap at the upcoming Annual
                        General Meeting. Although a fee cap increase will be sought, there is no current intention to increase individual director fees in
                        2026.




                        18. Since joining Xero, the CEO has not exercised any options that have vested
                        19. During the financial year, shares were sold upon vesting in a “sell to cover” transaction to satisfy mandatory tax withholding obligations
                        20. On 2 July 2025, the CEO sold 10,073 ordinary shares as part of her personal financial management
                        21. For options, includes all vested / unvested options that have not been exercised. For RSUs / PSUs, only includes those that remain unvested
                        118 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                        Below are the annual fees payable to NEDs during FY26.

                                                                                     EFFECTIVE 1 OCT ‘24                  EFFECTIVE 1 OCT ‘25            $ CHANGE
                         ROLE (AND COUNTRY OF RESIDENCE)
                                                                                                ($000S)                              ($000S)               ($000S)

                         ANZ & UK based Directors

                         Board Chair (ANZ)22                                                       492                                  563                    +71

                         Board Chair (UK)22                                                        650                                  650                       -

                         Board Member (ANZ & UK)                                                    195                               230.5                 +35.5

                         ARC / PRC Chair (ANZ & UK)                                                51.5                               64.25                +12.75

                         ARC / PRC Member (ANZ & UK)                                               25.2                                 29.6                 +4.4

                         NGC Member (ANZ & UK)                                                         -                                    -                     -




For personal use only
                         US based Directors

                         Board Chair (US)22                                                        500                                  550                   +50

                         Board Member (US)                                                          416                                 470                   +54

                         ARC / PRC Chair (US)                                                      51.5                                   42                  -9.5

                         ARC / PRC Member (US)                                                     25.2                                   17                  -8.2

                         NGC Member (US)                                                               -                                    -                     -



                        The total remuneration of, and the value of other benefits received by, each NED for FY26 is as follows:

                                                                                                             BASE FEES                     COMMITTEE    TOTAL FEES
                         DIRECTOR (LOCATION)                                      YEAR
                                                                                                               ($000S)                   FEES ($000S)    ($000S) 23

                                                                                 FY26                             528                               -         528
                         David Thodey, AO (AU)
                                                                                 FY25                             479                               -         479

                                                                                 FY26                            443                              21          464
                         Steven Aldrich (US)
                                                                                 FY25                            388                              23           411

                                                                                 FY26                             213                             85          298
                         Mark Cross (NZ)
                                                                                 FY25                             193                             68           261

                                                                                 FY26                            443                              21          464
                         Anjali Joshi (US)
                                                                                 FY25                            388                              23           411

                                                                                 FY26                            443                              21          464
                         Brian McAndrews (US)
                                                                                 FY25                            388                              23           411

                                                                                 FY26                             213                             27          240
                         Dale Murray, CBE (UK)
                                                                                 FY25                             193                             23           216

                                                                                 FY26                             213                             58           271
                         Susan Peterson (NZ)
                                                                                 FY25                             193                             46          239

                                                                                 FY26                          2,496                            233         2,729
                         Total23
                                                                                 FY25                           2,222                           206         2,428




                        22. The Board Chair does not receive any additional fees for serving on committees
                        23. Total remuneration is presented based on accounting expense and may include amounts earned, but not yet received
                                                                                                REFLECTIONS       GOVERNANCE           FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES       119




                        13. OUR TEAM’S REMUNERATION
                        The following table shows the number of current and former employees of Xero whose remuneration and benefits for FY26 were
                        within the specified bands above NZD100,000.

                        The remuneration covered in the table includes monetary payments received and share-based payments vested (i.e. RSUs / PSUs
                        and options). The table above includes remuneration received by the CEO and CFO. The value of options and RSUs / PSUs vested
                        during the year has been calculated using the accounting fair value of the equity instruments and is consistent with the approach
                        taken within the CEO and CFO remuneration disclosures detailed in section 10.1 and does not represent the take-home pay for the
                        year.

                        REMUNERATION INCLUDING SHARE-BASED REMUNERATION   NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES      REMUNERATION INCLUDING SHARE-BASED REMUNERATION   NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES

                        100,000 to 109,999                                               229       430,000 to 439,999                                                14

                        110,000 to 119,999                                               234       440,000 to 449,999                                                 9

                        120,000 to 129,999                                               242       450,000 to 459,999                                                15




For personal use only
                        130,000 to 139,999                                               307       460,000 to 469,999                                                 11

                        140,000 to 149,999                                               261       470,000 to 479,999                                                 7

                        150,000 to 159,999                                               259       480,000 to 489,999                                                 12

                        160,000 to 169,999                                               258       490,000 to 499,999                                                 13

                        170,000 to 179,999                                               234       500,000 to 509,999                                                 11

                        180,000 to 189,999                                               230       510,000 to 519,999                                                14

                        190,000 to 199,999                                               190       530,000 to 539,999                                                 5

                        200,000 to 209,999                                               168       540,000 to 549,999                                                 5

                        210,000 to 219,999                                               169       550,000 to 559,999                                                 4

                        220,000 to 229,999                                               146       560,000 to 569,999                                                 4

                        230,000 to 239,999                                               162       570,000 to 579,999                                                 2

                        240,000 to 249,999                                               135       580,000 to 589,999                                                 9

                        250,000 to 259,999                                                114      590,000 to 599,999                                                 5

                        260,000 to 269,999                                               103       600,000 to 609,999                                                 3

                        270,000 to 279,999                                               105       610,000 to 619,999                                                 2

                        280,000 to 289,999                                                89       620,000 to 629,999                                                 3

                        290,000 to 299,999                                                65       630,000 to 639,999                                                 7

                        300,000 to 309,999                                                67       640,000 to 649,999                                                 4

                        310,000 to 319,999                                                60       650,000 to 659,999                                                  1

                        320,000 to 329,999                                                54       660,000 to 669,999                                                 5

                        330,000 to 339,999                                                39       670,000 to 679,999                                                 3

                        340,000 to 349,999                                                40       680,000 to 689,999                                                 3

                        350,000 to 359,999                                                32       690,000 to 699,999                                                 2

                        360,000 to 369,999                                                29       700,000 to 709,999                                                 6

                        370,000 to 379,999                                                30       710,000 to 719,999                                                 2

                        380,000 to 389,999                                                23       720,000 to 729,999                                                 2

                        390,000 to 399,999                                                31       740,000 to 749,999                                                  1

                        400,000 to 409,999                                                25       750,000 to 759,999                                                 4

                        410,000 to 419,999                                                25       770,000 to 779,999                                                 3

                        420,000 to 429,999                                                21       780,000 to 789,999                                                 2
                        120 XERO LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2026




                         REMUNERATION INCLUDING SHARE-BASED REMUNERATION   NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES   REMUNERATION INCLUDING SHARE-BASED REMUNERATION   NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES

                         790,000 to 799,999                                                  1   1,630,000 to 1,639,999                                              1

                         800,000 to 809,999                                                 2    1,650,000 to 1,659,999                                              1

                         810,000 to 819,999                                                 2    1,660,000 to 1,669,999                                              1

                         820,000 to 829,999                                                 3    1,730,000 to 1,739,999                                              1

                         830,000 to 839,999                                                 2    1,800,000 to 1,809,999                                              1

                         840,000 to 849,999                                                  1   1,810,000 to 1,819,999                                              1

                         850,000 to 859,999                                                 3    1,850,000 to 1,859,999                                              1

                         860,000 to 869,999                                                 3    1,880,000 to 1,889,999                                             2

                         880,000 to 889,999                                                 2    2,000,000 to 2,009,999                                              1




For personal use only
                         910,000 to 919,999                                                  1   2,100,000 to 2,109,999                                              1

                         930,000 to 939,999                                                 4    2,130,000 to 2,139,999                                              1

                         940,000 to 949,999                                                  1   2,170,000 to 2,179,999                                              1

                         950,000 to 959,999                                                  1   2,210,000 to 2,219,999                                              1

                         960,000 to 969,999                                                 2    2,270,000 to 2,279,999                                              1

                         970,000 to 979,999                                                 2    2,460,000 to 2,469,999                                             2

                         980,000 to 989,999                                                 3    2,490,000 to 2,499,999                                              1

                         990,000 to 999,999                                                  1   2,650,000 to 2,659,999                                              1

                         1,000,000 to 1,009,999                                              1   2,690,000 to 2,699,999                                              1

                         1,010,000 to 1,019,999                                             2    2,740,000 to 2,749,999                                              1

                         1,020,000 to 1,029,999                                              1   2,780,000 to 2,789,999                                              1

                         1,030,000 to 1,039,999                                             2    3,110,000 to 3,119,999                                              1

                         1,050,000 to 1,059,999                                              1   3,320,000 to 3,329,999                                              1

                         1,060,000 to 1,069,999                                              1   3,630,000 to 3,639,999                                              1

                         1,090,000 to 1,099,999                                              1   3,720,000 to 3,729,999                                              1

                         1,120,000 to 1,129,999                                             3    3,970,000 to 3,979,999                                              1

                         1,170,000 to 1,179,999                                              1   4,160,000 to 4,169,999                                             2

                         1,210,000 to 1,219,999                                              1   4,620,000 to 4,629,999                                              1

                         1,230,000 to 1,239,999                                             3    4,770,000 to 4,779,999                                              1

                         1,260,000 to 1,269,999                                              1   4,830,000 to 4,839,999                                              1

                         1,270,000 to 1,279,999                                              1   5,280,000 to 5,289,999                                              1

                         1,290,000 to 1,299,999                                              1   5,620,000 to 5,629,999                                              1

                         1,300,000 to 1,309,999                                             3    6,090,000 to 6,099,999                                              1

                         1,340,000 to 1,349,999                                             3    7,510,000 to 7,519,999                                              1

                         1,350,000 to 1,359,999                                              1   10,620,000 to 10,629,999                                            1

                         1,440,000 to 1,449,999                                              1   14,010,000 to 14,019,999                                            1

                         1,490,000 to 1,499,999                                              1   28,940,000 to 28,949,999                                            1

                         1,520,000 to 1,529,999                                              1

                         1,540,000 to 1,549,999                                              1

                         1,600,000 to 1,609,999                                              1
                        REFLECTIONS   GOVERNANCE   FINANCIALS & DISCLOSURES   121




For personal use only
For personal use only
                Corporate Directory

                Registered offices           Leadership team                              Other company information
                New Zealand                  Sukhinder Singh Cassidy                      Company numbers
                19-23 Taranaki Street        Chief Executive Officer                      183 0488 (New Zealand)
                Te Aro, Wellington 6011                                                   ARBN 160 661 183 (Australia)
                                             Damien Coleman
                New Zealand
                                             Chief Legal Officer & Company Secretary      Web address
                Australia                                                                 www.xero.com
                                             Claire Bramley
                Level 3, 260 Burwood Road
                                             Chief Financial Officer                      Auditor
                Hawthorn, Vic 3122
                                                                                          Ernst & Young
                Australia                    Diya Jolly
                                             Chief Product & Technology Officer           Stock exchange
                Contact:
                                                                                          Xero’s ordinary shares are listed on the ASX
                www.xero.com/about/contact   Jeff Ryan
                                             Chief People Officer                         Share registrar
                                                                                          MUFG Corporate Markets (AU) Limited
                Directors                    Angad Soin
                                                                                          A division of MUFG Pension &
                                             Managing Director, Australia & New Zealand
                David Thodey, AO (Chair)                                                  Market Services
                                             and Global Chief Strategy Officer
                Steven Aldrich                                                            Liberty Place, Level 41, 161 Castlereagh St,
                Mark Cross                   Michael Strickman                            Sydney NSW 2000
                Anjali Joshi                 Chief Marketing Officer                      Telephone: +61 1300 554 474
                Brian McAndrews                                                           Email: support@cm.mpms.mufg.com
                Dale Murray, CBE             Company Secretary                            Website: au.investorcentre.mpms.mufg.com
                Susan Peterson
                                             Damien Coleman
