IKE Financial Results
for the 1H FY24 Period to 30 September 2023
We’re IKE, the Pole OS™ Company

Glenn Milnes, CEO
glenn.milnes@ikegps.com
November 2023



CONFIDENTIAL
         Important Notice
         Information in this Presentation:
           • Is for general information purposes only, and is not an offer or invitation for subscription, purchase, or
             recommendation of securities in ikeGPS Group Limited (IKE);
           • Should be read in conjunction with, and is subject to, IKE’s FY23 financial results (audited), 1H FY24 financial results
             (unaudited) , recent market releases, and information published on IKE’s website (www.ikegps.com);
           • Includes forward-looking statements about IKE and the environment in which IKE operates, which are subject to
             uncertainties and contingencies outside of IKE’s control – IKE's actual results or performance may differ materially
             from these statements;
           • Includes statements relating to past performance, which should not be regarded as a reliable indicator of future
             performance; and
           • May contain information from third parties believed to be reliable – however, no representations or warranties are
             made as to the accuracy or completeness of such information.
             • All information in this presentation is current at the date of this presentation, unless otherwise stated.
             • All currency amounts are in NZ dollars unless stated otherwise.

         Receipt of this Document and/or attendance at this presentation constitutes acceptance of the terms set out above in
ikeGPS   this Important Notice.

  2
         Agenda

         1H FY24 financial results
         Q3 update:
         - New IKE PoleForeman product in general market release
         - Cost-down initiative implemented
         - Talent: Roz Buick appointed as non-executive director
         Addressable market, and IKE’s value proposition
         Q&A




ikeGPS


  3
         1H FY24 Financial Performance

                                             Takeaways:

                                         •   Revenue 1H FY24 of ~$10.5m (-32% vs pcp).
                                              •   Subscription revenue was ~$5.1m (+24% vs pcp).
                                              •   Transaction revenue was ~$3.7m (-60% vs pcp).
                                         •   Gross margin 1H FY24 of ~$6.2m (- ~ 24%m or vs pcp),
                                             reflected in the revenue mix above
                                         •   Gross margin percentage 1H FY24 of ~59% (up from pcp of
                                             53%).
                                         •   Net loss was ~ $6.85m (pcp $1.1m profit). This change was
                                             primarily due to:
                                              •   Lower total gross margin dollars by ~$2m
                                              •   Lower foreign exchange and asset fair value
                                                  movements by ~$4.7M
                                         •   Cash and receivables at 30 September 2023 of ~$16.3m,
                                             comprised of $10.2m cash and $6.1m receivables, with
                                             payables of $1.2m and no debt.
ikeGPS


  4
         Revenue by segment 1H FY24

                                          Takeaways:

                                      •   Four-year revenue CAGR of 34%.
                                      •   Recurring subscription and reoccurring
                                          transaction revenues (shown by the Green and
                                          Blue segments in this chart) dominate IKE’s
                                          revenue mix, at 84% YTD.
                                      •   Four-year transaction revenue CAGR of 49%, but
                                          60% lower in 1H FY24 vs pcp due to 1H FY23
                                          seeing outsize customer growth and activity.
                                      •   An expectation for healthy contract growth in
                                          the 2H FY24 period and beyond.




ikeGPS


  5
         Subscription revenue growth has continued to be strong (+24% pcp)

                                                       Takeaways:

                                                   •   Significant growth in underlying
                                                       subscription revenue.
                                                   •   During FY24 and FY25, this is
                                                       expected to increase materially with
                                                       IKE’s next-generation PoleForeman
                                                       product recently released in FY24,
                                                       that is forecast to be adopted by the
                                                       existing customer footprint of tier-1
                                                       utilities currently using the legacy
                                                       version.




ikeGPS


  6
         1H FY24 Key Metrics
                                                      PCP
                                          1H FY24             % Change
                                                    (1H FY23)
          Total Revenue                   $10.5m     $15.4m     -32%
          Total # of customers             408        361      +13%
          Platform Transactions
          # of billable transactions       144k       259k      -44%
          Platform transaction revenue    $3.7m      $9.4m      -60%
          Gross Margin                    $0.7m      $3.6m      -80%
          Gross Margin %                   19%        38%
          Platform Subscriptions
          Platform subscription revenue   $5.1m      $4.1m     +24%
          Gross Margin                    $4.5m      $3.6m     +23%
          Gross Margin %                   87%        88%
          Hardware & Other
          Hardware & Services revenue     $1.7m      $1.9m      -11%
          Gross Margin                    $1.0m      $0.9m      +5%
          Gross Margin %                   60%        50%
ikeGPS


  7
Q3 FY24 updates
Next-generation PoleForeman general-market release.
Cost-down initiative.
Roz Buick appointed to the IKE Board.
                IKE Office Pro                           IKE Structural                   IKE Insight             IKE Analyze



         Next-gen IKE PoleForeman released for general-market availability
         Expected to increase recurring subscription revenue substantially from the legacy PoleForeman customer footprint




                                 Designed with a customer council including the Standards Group leaders within:




ikeGPS


  9
         A Cost-Down Program Has Been Implemented

         •   In Q3 we reduced IKE’s cost base to maintain the timeframe towards both EBITDA and cash positive operations.
         •   Regrettably, this included releasing team members representing approximately 19% of total employee numbers.
             Most of the impacted roles are U.S. based back-office and service positions. We have also reduced other
             contractor cost items.
         •   In total we expect the impact of this process to reduce annualized costs by approximately $4m.
         •   As consistently stated, management and the Board remain cognizant of the importance of maintaining a strong
             balance sheet position, executing against immediate revenue growth opportunities, whilst retaining the ability to
             manage costs appropriately.




ikeGPS


 10
         Talent: added to the IKE team

                        Roz Buick, Appointed as Non-executive Director
                    •   Roz brings more than 25-years’ experience from executive leadership positions
                        across global utility, engineering, construction, real estate and agriculture markets
                        with companies including Oracle Inc. and Trimble Inc.

                    •   An industry leader who has led businesses through new growth strategies that are
                        market differentiating and innovative, both with product and go to market
                        strategies.

                    •   Roz’s past roles include:

                          •   At Oracle, Senior Vice President of Strategy, Product, Development and
                              Marketing, Construction & Engineering Global Business. Based in Colorado,
                              USA

                          •   At Trimble Inc. Senior Vice President, overseeing and managing the global
                              Buildings business strategy and entire construction continuum including
                              businesses for Architects & Designers, Structural Steel & Concrete
                              Engineers & Contractors, General Contractors, Specialty Mechanical
                              Electrical & Plumbing Contractors and Real Estate & Workplace
                              professionals. Based in Colorado, USA.

ikeGPS                    •   Board director at Grupo Protexa (Mexico & Latin America an energy & utilities
                              EPC business) and a variety of other global technology entities.
 11
What IKE does, and the market opportunity being addressed
Product and Market Re-cap
         Communications Market Macro




         More than 3,000 electric utilities and 200M distribution assets across the U.S.
         Investing in decades-long grid resiliency and grid capacity programs

         Facing common challenges
           • Grid resiliency requirements        • Regulatory and Engineering code compliance
           • Grid capacity requirements          • An ageing workforce, requiring tech vs more people
           • Significant legal liability risks




         IKE products dramatically improve the engineering design & maintenance process
ikeGPS


 13
         Where IKE sells: U.S. Market-Map of Investor-Owned Utilities (multi-$B companies)
         IKE is the Standard within 6 of the 10 largest today, but with a huge expansion opportunity……




ikeGPS


 14
         Where IKE sells: U.S. Market-Map of >2,800 Municipalities and Co-Operatives
         All of which represent sales opportunities for all IKE products


                                                                           Takeaways
                                                                           • Market timing is everything
                                                                           • IKE is in the right place, and the
                                                                             right time, with the right technology,
                                                                             team and execution capability
                                                                           • Overlay on these maps, >2,000
                                                                             engineering companies that serve
                                                                             the electric utilities




ikeGPS


 15
         25-year Macro-Market Tail Wind for Grid Resiliency & Expansion ($B’s)
         An Electric Utility Industry, Spending 100’s of Billions, in Need for Productivity Solutions, such as IKE
         $NZD in B

         U.S. AND CANADIAN ELECTRIC DISTRIBUTION CAPITAL EXPENDITURES

                                                 ACTUAL                    Canadian         Muni   Co-ops   US IOU              FORECASTED




                                                                                                                                                      $110.1
                                                                                                                                             $104.3
                                                                                                                                  $101.4
                                                                                                                        $97.1
                                                                                                                $92.8
                                                                                                    $85.5
                                                                                  $79.7
                                                                   $73.9
                                                      $66.7
                                         $63.8
                 $59.4      $60.9
                                                                                                                                                      95.7
                                                                                                                                   87.0       89.9
                                                                                                                78.3    82.6
                                                                                                    71.0
                                                                                  65.2
                                                                    59.4
                                          49.3            52.2
                     44.9    46.4




                     3.6      3.6         3.6             3.6       3.6               3.6            3.6         3.6     3.6        3.6       3.6      3.6
                     3.6      3.6         3.6             3.6       3.6               3.6            3.6         3.6     3.6        3.6       3.6      3.6
ikeGPS               7.2      7.2         7.2             7.2       7.2               7.2            7.2         7.2     7.2        7.2       7.2      7.2

                     2014    2015         2016            2017      2018          2019              2020        2021    2022       2023      2024     2025
 16
                        IKE has a Suite of Distribution Network Software Products




                                                                                               Business model upshot
                                                                                           •    A recurring Subscription to
                                                                                                access any IKE Solution

                                                                                           •    Additive, reoccurring Fees
                                                                                                based on usage (license
                                                                                                seats or transactions)

                                                                                           •    Optional value-added
                                                                                                products , such as IKE
         Pole loading analysis                                  Bulk data processing for        Analyze and IKE University

         and structural design                                   distribution network
                                  Digitization of network           decision making
                                        assessment


                                   +
ikeGPS
                                         Technology & automation driven capability
 17                                      to accelerate engineering
         IKE Goes to Market Directly                                                       SVP of
         With a deepened team of industry experts                                          Sales




                                     Solutions                                                      Sr. Director of
             VP of Utilities         Engineering             Sr. Account                                                Sr. GIS       Lead
                                                                                                    Communications
                                     Manager                 Manager                                                    Manager       Generation
                                                                                                    Sales




                                                                                                    Sr. Director of     Sales         Sales
                Director, Utility                                 Inside Sales                      Communications      Operations    Operations &
                Enterprise             Solutions Engineer                                           Sales               Coordinator   Marketing
                                                                                                                                      automation

                                                                                               Each rep 40-50 named
                Director, Utility                                                              accounts
                Enterprise             Systems Engineer
                                                                  Inside Sales
                                                                                               Market focus:
                                                                                               Communications &
                                                                                               some ESP

                 Director, Utility                                                             Some existing Business
                 Enterprise            Systems Engineer
                                                                                               mostly New business
                                                                 Mostly Existing               hunting
                                                                 Customer Expansion
                                                                 and Inbound leads

                                       Production Engineer       Market Focus:
         Each rep has 40-50
                                                                 Communications, Small
         named accounts
                                                                 Utilities (Coop/muni) &
                                                                 Engineering firms
         Market focus: Utility &
         Major ESP
ikeGPS                                 Solutions Engineer



 18
          A Sales Motion that Starts with Strategy & Playbooks

                              Go-to-Market Strategy                                                     Sales Playbooks

         Market Opportunity                                                       Company Overview & Sales Roles
                 Addressable Market                                               Product & Pricing
                 NA Electric Distribution Utility Spend (Forecast)                        Value Propositions
                 Industry Drivers and Macro-Market Trends                                 Pain relivers & Gain creators by product
                 Industry Convergence                                                     Price maximization
         GTM Strategy Defined                                                     Strategic Sales Processes
                 IOU’s, Coops, Public Power                                       Target Audience
                 Utility Service Providers/Engineering firms                        Background
                 Strategic Account Focus / Regions 40-50 accounts each – with       Conditions driving need
                 account plans
                                                                                    Targeted Titles & Personas
                 Define Ideal Customer Profiles (ICP) & Personas, Pains & Gains
                                                                                  What to say/how to position
                 Create thematic messaging in marketing & sales
                                                                                  Competition and Differentiation
         Three verticals – different messaging resonates
                                                                                  Overview of Sales tools & resources
                 Utilities – “Defendable Data”
                 Communications – “Faster, Safer, Truer”
ikeGPS
                 Engineering – “Increased Accuracy & Improved Productivity”
 19
         A Map-View of Usage, and how IKE customers deploy our software
         Crown Castle in Florida




ikeGPS


 20
         A map-view of Usage, and how IKE customers deploy our software
         AT&T in 7 example States




ikeGPS


 21
         IKE solutions make fiber and 5G network deployments faster
         • >$300B expected investment into fiber network development in the U.S over next 5+ years
         • >$50B expected investment into 5G network development in the U.S. over the next 5+ years
         • An additional >$60B expected investment into rural broadband development as part of the Biden administrations
           new Infrastructure bill
         • >200 Communications companies competing to build a networks and win underlying customers
         • >2,000 engineering service providers supporting network development


         IKE dramatically speeds up the network deployment process.




ikeGPS


 22
                  Fiber and 5G Investment Super-Cycle in North America Still In Its Early Stages
                  PROJECTED INVESTMENTS INTO 5G & FIBER OPTIC INFRASTRUCTURE
                  $NZD




                                                                                           $72B
                                                                                   $43B
                      $39B



                            2010                                                    2018   2025
ikeGPS


 23      Source: Bell Potter Initiation of Coverage Report, GSMA, American Tower
         Note: Labeled Capex Figures reflect Houlihan Lokey Estimates
         Some of the largest U.S. Communication groups have Standardized on IKE
         And a fast-growing footprint of tier-2 fiber businesses

         Communications
                                                                   Takeaways
                                                                   • Several of the largest comms group
                                                                     in North America: AT&T ($107B),
                                                                     Crown Castle ($39B), Bell Canada
                                                                     ($47B)
         Electric Utilities                                        • A fast-growing footprint of the tier-
                                                                     2 fiber companies
                                                                   Opportunities to:
                                                                   • Grow, upsell and cross-sell IKE
                                                                     products into existing customer
                                                                     base
                                                                   • Win new logos in the North
         Engineering & Project Management                            American market
                                                                   • Expand into international markets
                                                                     over time

ikeGPS


 24
                 Overall.. an Addressable Market Opportunity That is Expected to Grow Strongly
                 Utilities                                                                                                                                      5G and Fibre
                 $NZD                                                                                                                                           $NZD

                                                                                         Estimated
                                                                                                                                                                                 5G Small Cell     Fibre Connections
                                                                                        $113 Cost of
                                                                                                                                                                                 Antenna
                                                                                         New Build
                                                                                          per Pole
                                                                                 25M Poles
                                                                                  Used for
                                                                                   Other
                                                                                 Services2

                                                                                                                            Estimated
                                                                                               40M Poles
                                                                                                                            $50 Cost of
                                                                                               Needed for
                                                                                                                             Audit per
                                                                                                Audit per
                                                                                                                               Pole
                                                                                                 annum


                                          >200M Total No. of
                                           Electrical Poles                                                                                                                        0.6M                  4.2M 1
                                                                                                                                                                               Poles Needing             Poles
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       $113 Cost of
                                                                                                                                                                                 Small Cell          Requiring Fiber     Service
                                                                                                                                                                               Deployments            Connections




                                          $4.8B Electric Utilities                                                                                      $5.4B                            $550M Fiber / 5G
                                               Opportunity                                                                                               TAM                            Market Opportunity
ikeGPS

         (1)   Assumed 80% discount rate on range of fibre deployments
         (2)   Other services include design planning, grid hardening/resiliency programs, NESC violations, joint use attachment audit, billing audits , etc.
 25      Source: Management Estimates, Bell Potter Initiation of Coverage Report, Houlihan Lokey Estimates
         Note: Market analysis does not include opportunity that will arise from growth of pole infrastructure
             Market Tailwinds Summary

                                                                                    Requirement for harder and higher                                                 >3,200
                                                                                    capacity distribution power networks                                              Electric Utilities in North America with long-term, recurring
                                                                                    across all of North America                                                       distribution network hardening, joint use, and capacity needs for
                                                                                                                                                                      electrical distribution


                                                                                    7+ year macro-market tailwind of fiber                                            >$350B
                                                                                    deployment, much of it engineered on                                              Investment forecast in fiber in the US by 2025, representing >30M
                                                                                    distribution power poles                                                          attachments; communications infrastructure providers seeking
                                                                                                                                                                      partners to manage new fiber attachments for every pole


                                                                                    Small Cell Deployments across North                                               800,000+
                                                                                    America, much of it engineered on                                                 Small cell site expansions are expected by 2025 as
                                                                                    distribution power poles                                                          communications infrastructure providers look to speed up 5G
                                                                                                                                                                      rollout while reducing cost and time of deployment



                                                                                    Infrastructure development via
                                                                                                                                                                      >1,000
                                                                                                                                                                      Engineering Service Providers in the US subcontracted by
                                                                                    Engineering Service Providers
                                                                                                                                                                      telecom and utilities providers to assist in infrastructure
                                                                                                                                                                      development and deployment

                                                                                    Massive engineering requirements for an
                                                                                    evolving distribution network supporting                                          50%+
                                                                                    an increase in global consumption of                                              Of US energy consumption will be comprised of electricity
                                                                                    electricity
                                                                                                                                                                      on the distribution grid by 2050 to attain carbon net zero
ikeGPS                                                                                                                                                                targets, and power the new EV market, compared to
                                                                                                                                                                      current levels of just 20% =
 26      Source: Bell Potter Initiation of Coverage Report, GSMA, American Tower, Accenture, Grandview Research, Global Newswire, Ryse Energy, World Economic Forum   Engineering requirements to build capacity on the network.
         Sticky Infrastructure Customers Making Long-Term Work-Practice Decisions
         IKE Lands-then-Expands

         Communications
                                                               Takeaways
                                                               • 6 of the 10 largest Investor-Owned
                                                                 Utilities (“IOUs”) in North America, all
                                                                 multi-billion dollar businesses
                                                               • >400 customers in North America,
         Electric Utilities                                      with 60 logos added in FY23 or 1 per
                                                                 week
                                                               • >5,000 enterprise target accounts
                                                                 to pursue overall
                                                               Opportunities to:
                                                               • Grow, upsell and cross-sell IKE
                                                                 products into existing customer
         Engineering & Project Management                        base
                                                               • Win new logos in the North
                                                                 American market
                                                               • Expand into international markets
ikeGPS


 27
1H FY24 Business Development Highlights
The six-month period to 30 September 2023


Revenue: 1H update and 2H outlook
New products in-market
Important customer wins
Talent and team development
             1H, Revenue Update and 2H Outlook


         -    As signaled, revenue in 1H FY24 was below pcp due to
              timing delays of engineering programs across three of
              IKE’s largest national infrastructure customers.
              Specifically, this resulted in:
               -   Ongoing growth in recurring subscription revenue, but
               -   Lower reoccurring transaction revenue in the period vs pcp
               -   Overall, lower revenue in 1H FY24 vs pcp

         -    Importantly, the delayed long-term customers referred to
              are not ‘lost’ and these groups are guiding for high levels of
              IKE product usage over the coming periods

         -    In addition, the company continued to see ongoing strong
              growth in recurring subscription revenue vs pcp

         -    IKE’s additive sales opportunity pipeline supports the
              potential for substantially increased contracts and
              revenue in the 2H FY24 period, and beyond, from existing
              customers and new logos
ikeGPS


 29
         1H, Important Customer Win Examples
         Win run-rate of approximately one new U.S. enterprise customer per week.




         Tier-1 Comms customer win                      Tier-1 Investor-Owned Utility win              Tier-1 Engineering customer win


          • National fiber business.                      • One the of the 10 largest IoU’s in North    • One of the largest national EPC’s serving
          • Supporting a network program across             America                                       the electric utility market in North
            California                                    • Adopting next-gen IKE PoleForeman             America
          • Expectation for ~$1.5m in subscription          product and business model                  • Initially, supporting a decade-long
            revenue over the coming 18-24 months          • Displacing incumbent competitor               contract for a utility in New Mexico

ikeGPS
          • Opportunities to expand into other States     • Multi-year subscription contract >$4ook     • Opportunities to expand substantially
                                                                                                          across this EPC’s national footprint over
                                                                                                          time

 30
                  IKE Office Pro                 IKE Structural                   IKE Insight                     IKE Analyze




         1H, Product Innovation Delivery
         Expected to increase recurring subscription revenue substantially from the legacy PoleForeman customer footprint




            Launched this quarter, and designed with a customer council including the Standards Group leaders within:




ikeGPS


 31
         1H Product Innovation Delivery                                                                     Takeaway:
                                                                           Faster Network Viability Assessment and More Profitable
                                                                                                 Deployment.
                                                                             Via automated analysis of bulk data for joint-use and
                                                                                       overhead network deployment,
                                                                                        at whole-of-network scale.


                                                                            Integrates with existing applications, data, and systems,




                                                                                       API & Multiple File Types                    Dashboards


                                                             IKE Insight
                                                                                    JSON         KML           CSV
          Data source and image agnostic
                                                                                             and more…




            Existing Data
                             Drones        Thermal Imagery
               Images




ikeGPS
            Field Devices    Lidar            Satellite


 32
             Example Analysis for Network Viability Assessment
             At whole of network scale



         -    IKE Insight determines pole categories relative
              to make-ready requirements (category-logic
              can be set by the customer through the Insight
              rules application)

               -   Category 1: (0 or 1) wire detected in the
                   bottom 80% of pole

               -   Category 2: (2 or 3) wires detected in the
                   bottom 80% of pole

               -   Category 3: (3) wires detected in bottom
                   80% of pole AND transformer or
                   streetlight detected anywhere on pole

               -   Category 4: (4) or more wires detected in
ikeGPS
                   bottom 80% of pole
 33
         Example Analysis for Network Viability Assessment
         At whole of network scale



         -   IKE Insight determines pole categories relative
             to make-ready requirements (category-logic
             can be set by the customer through the Insight
             rules application)

              -   Category 1: (0 or 1) wire detected in the
                  bottom 80% of pole

              -   Category 2: (2 or 3) wires detected in the
                  bottom 80% of pole

              -   Category 3: (3) wires detected in bottom
                  80% of pole AND transformer or
                  streetlight detected anywhere on pole

              -   Category 4: (4) or more wires detected in
                  bottom 80% of pole
ikeGPS


 34
         Example Analysis for Network Viability Assessment
         At whole of network scale



         -   IKE Insight determines pole categories relative
             to make-ready requirements (category-logic        -   Example images of each – 3
             can be set by the customer through the Insight
             rules application)

              -   Category 1: (0 or 1) wire detected in the
                  bottom 80% of pole

              -   Category 2: (2 or 3) wires detected in the
                  bottom 80% of pole

              -   Category 3: (3) wires detected in bottom
                  80% of pole AND transformer or
                  streetlight detected anywhere on pole

              -   Category 4: (4) or more wires detected in
                  bottom 80% of pole
ikeGPS


 35
         Example Analysis for Network Viability Assessment
         At whole of network scale



         -   IKE Insight determines pole categories relative
             to make-ready requirements (category-logic        -   Example images of each – 4
             can be set by the customer through the Insight
             rules application)

              -   Category 1: (0 or 1) wire detected in the
                  bottom 80% of pole

              -   Category 2: (2 or 3) wires detected in the
                  bottom 80% of pole

              -   Category 3: (3) wires detected in bottom
                  80% of pole AND transformer or
                  streetlight detected anywhere on pole

              -   Category 4: (4) or more wires detected in
                  bottom 80% of pole
ikeGPS


 36
         Resulting in Visual Dashboards to Optimize a Network Deployment
         Example from Erie, CO market




ikeGPS


 37
         10x Faster. 4x Cost reduction.
         Dramatically faster fiber network deployment




                                                                      Takeaways:
                                                         With IKE Insight, a 200,000 fiber attachment
                                                                      program payback:
                                                                  - deploy >6 months faster
                                                        - save >$1m in pre-survey assessment costs
                                                                                alone.




ikeGPS


 38
         1H, Capability added to the IKE team
         More tier-1 hires expected in 2H

                    Brett Willitt, SVP Product              Roz Buick, Non-executive Director
                  • Former President of structural      •   Former CFO of Also Energy Inc.,
                    analysis and structure                  where he was part of the executive
                    management software company             team that grew the business at
                    SPIDA Software (SPIDA). -               more than 30% CAGR over six
                  • SPIDA was acquired by NASDAQ            years and led its sale to NYSE-
                    listed Bentley Systems Inc. in          listed STEM Inc. for US$652m.
                    2021, where he subsequently led     •   Prior, Brian held CFO roles with
                    segments of Bentley’s’ global           companies including Zayo
                    distribution network software           Bandwidth Inc. – a high-growth
                    division.                               national fibre business, MST Global
                  • Prior, held other prominent             inc. - an industrial network and
                    positions in the energy industry,       software provider for critical
                    including Product Engineering           communication and network
                    Manager at Osmose Utilities             solutions, and Intermap
                    Services and Joint-Use product          Technologies Inc.
                    manager at FirstEnergy Utility.     •   Holds an MBA from Colorado State
                  • Began his career as a network           University, and began his career as
                    planning engineer for Verizon.          a Certified Public Accountant with
                  • Holds a BS in Civil Engineering         six years at KPMG / Arthur
                    from Clarkson University.               Anderson focused on the
                                                            technology & software segment.
ikeGPS


 39
          1H acquisition, extending IKE’s training & education capability
          The assets of Marne & Associates . Expanding sales & brand channel for product cross-sales



         • Marne & Associates specialize in training utilities,
           communications companies, and engineering groups for the
           application of the National Electrical Safety Code (NESC) in the
           day-to-day work at a utility, the application of NESC Rules for
           Joint-Use Construction (for engineers and line workers),
           Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA 1910.269)
           for Power Workers, and OSHA 1910.268 (for Communication
           Workers).

         • While IKE is a software & technology company, we have
           established an important sales channel via education & training
           capability. This acquisition further allows us to add value to,
           engage with, learn from, and ultimately cross-sell our products to
           end-users (who are the future decision makers) within utilities,
           engineering companies, and communications groups.
ikeGPS


40
         Multiple Avenues Supporting Future Growth Potential


                          Sales Team
                                                Cross Sell &              Platform for             International
                     1    Expansion /      2    Upsell                3   Inorganic Growth     4   Expansion
                          New Logos




                                                                                                        4

                                                                               3

                                                      2

                               1


                                                                                       $43mm



                           Sales Team
           Revenue       Expansion / New   Cross Sell & Upsell into        Inorganic               International   Revenue
           “Today”         Customers       Existing Customer Base           Growth                  Expansion      “Future”
ikeGPS


 41
         Thanks




         Manaakitanga: We Rise By Lifting Others
ikeGPS


 42
Q&A
We’re IKE, The PoleOS™ Company
IKE seeks to be the standard for collecting, analyzing and managing pole
and outside plant (“OSP”) information for electric utilities,
communications companies, and their engineering service providers

The IKE platform allows its customers to increase speed, improve
quality, and deliver safety in the assessment, construction, and
maintenance of distribution poles and other OSP assets

IKE’s purpose is Manaakitanga, which means ”to rise by lifting others”


                                                                           ikeGPS


                                                                            43
