IKE 1H FY23 Financial Results
and Performance Update
We’re IKE, the Pole OS™ Company

Glenn Milnes, CEO
glenn.milnes@ikegps.com
29 November 2022
         Important Notice
         Information in this Presentation:
           • Is for general information purposes only, and is not an offer or invitation for subscription, purchase, or
             recommendation of securities in ikeGPS Group Limited (IKE);
           • Should be read in conjunction with, and is subject to, IKE’s FY22 financial results (audited), 1H FY23 financial results
             (unaudited) recent market releases, and information published on IKE’s website (www.ikegps.com);
           • Includes forward-looking statements about IKE and the environment in which IKE operates, which are subject to
             uncertainties and contingencies outside of IKE’s control – IKE's actual results or performance may differ materially
             from these statements;
           • Includes statements relating to past performance, which should not be regarded as a reliable indicator of future
             performance; and
           • May contain information from third parties believed to be reliable – however, no representations or warranties are
             made as to the accuracy or completeness of such information.
             • All information in this presentation is current at the date of this presentation, unless otherwise stated.
             • All currency amounts are in NZ dollars unless stated otherwise.

         Receipt of this Document and/or attendance at this presentation constitutes acceptance of the terms set out above in
ikeGPS   this Important Notice.

 2
         Agenda and Contents

          • 1H FY23 financial results and performance update
          • Market overview
          • Team
          • Technology and products
          • Q&A




ikeGPS


 3
         Net profit of $1.1m vs pcp loss of $6.2m.
         Positive operating cash flow while achieving outsize growth.




                                                                        Take aways:
                                                                        •   Net Profit of $1.1m translates to a $7.3m
                                                                            improvement over pcp (loss of $6.2m).
                                                                        •   Positive operating cash flow of $0.9m
                                                                            evidences the operating leverage in the
                                                                            business.
                                                                        •   Gross margin 1H FY23 of ~$8.2m (+128% vs pcp)
                                                                            represents a 1H FY23 gross margin percentage
                                                                            of ~53%.
                                                                        •   Total Expenses increased modestly relative to
                                                                            high revenue growth and customer acquisition.
ikeGPS                                                                  •   Comprehensive Income of $4m, noting impacts
                                                                            of USD/NZD fx movement.
 4
         A fortress balance sheet position, strengthened in the period.




                                                         Take aways:
                                                         •   Cash increased +$1.1m in the six-month
                                                             period.
                                                         •   Total cash and receivables grew to ~$29.3m,
                                                             comprised of $25.5m cash and $3.8m
                                                             receivables, with no debt.




ikeGPS


 5
         Revenue 1H FY23 of ~$15.4m (+170% pcp).
         ~88% of revenue from recurring subscription and reoccurring transaction sources .


                                                                Takeaways:
                                                                •   Revenue outturn 1H FY23 of ~$15.4m (+170%
                                                                    vs pcp)
                                                                •   Within this, recurring Subscription and
                                                                    reoccurring Transaction revenue was ~$13.6m
                                                                    (+183% vs pcp), representing ~88% of revenue
                                                                    mix.
                                                                •   Gross margin 1H FY23 of ~$8.2m (+128% vs
                                                                    pcp) representing a 1H FY23 gross margin
                                                                    percentage of ~53%.




ikeGPS


 6
         Highlighting that 1H FY23 growth is against a high growth pcp also.
         71% revenue growth in the FY22 period to March 2022.


                                                                Takeaways:

                                                                •   Recurring subscription and reoccurring
                                                                    transaction revenues (shown by the Green
                                                                    and Blue segments in this chart) dominate
                                                                    IKE’s revenue mix.
                                                                •   This element continues grow positively
                                                                    because of the investment into extending
                                                                    software products. This underpins more
                                                                    predictable growth and higher quality
                                                                    revenue.




ikeGPS


 7
         A significant signed contract backlog supports a bullish growth outlook.
         Additive to the signed contract backlog is a strong new opportunity pipeline.



                                                                    Takeaways:

                                                                •    Chart shows the approximate nine-month
                                                                     correlation between the timing of signed
                                                                     contracts and subsequent timing to
                                                                     recognized revenue.
                                                                •    This timing lag reflects that subscription and
                                                                     transaction contracts are delivered over time
                                                                     (normally 12 months), based on usage rates of
                                                                     IKE products by customers.




ikeGPS


 8
         309% growth in transaction revenue vs pcp.
         One of the primary indicators of platform utilization by IKE customers.



                                                                     Takeaways:

                                                                 •    Significant growth in transaction revenue has
                                                                      continued.
                                                                 •    This is expected to remain a growth driver
                                                                      across the business.




ikeGPS


 9
         Key metrics
                                         1H FY23   PCP (1H FY22)   % Change
         Total revenue                   $15.4m       $5.7m         +170%
         Platform Transactions
         # of billable transactions       259k         160k         +62%
         Platform transaction revenue     $9.5m       $2.2m         +332%
         Gross Margin                     $3.6m       $0.9m         +300%
         Gross Margin %                   38%          41%
         Platform Subscriptions
         # of enterprise customers        361          308          +17%
         Platform subscription revenue    $4.1m       $2.5m         +64%
         Gross Margin                     $3.6m       $2.2m         +64%
         Gross Margin %                   88%          88%
         Hardware & Other
         Hardware & Services revenue      $1.8m       $1.0m         +80%
         Gross Margin                     $0.9m       $0.5m         +80%
         Gross Margin %                   50%          50%



ikeGPS


 10
North American Market
Opportunity & Timing


                        ikeGPS


                         11
         Current Market Dynamics Lead to Strong Tailwinds for IKE

                           Requirement for harder and higher        >3,200
                           capacity distribution power networks     Electric Utilities in North America with long-term, recurring
                           across all of North America              distribution network hardening, joint use, and capacity needs for
                                                                    electrical distribution




                           7+ year macro-market tailwind of fiber   >$350B
                           deployment, much of it engineered on     Investment forecast in fiber in the US by 2025, representing >30M
                           distribution power poles                 attachments; communications infrastructure providers seeking
                                                                    partners to manage new fiber attachments for every pole




                           Small Cell Deployments across North      800,000+
                           America, much of it engineered on        Small cell site expansions are expected by 2025 as
                           distribution power poles                 communications infrastructure providers look to speed up 5G
                                                                    rollout while reducing cost and time of deployment




                           Infrastructure development via
                                                                    >1,000
                                                                    Engineering Service Providers in the US subcontracted by
                           Engineering Service Providers
                                                                    telecom and utilities providers to assist in infrastructure
                                                                    development and deployment
ikeGPS


 12
         Growing Network Investment across Electric Utilities; Support Needed for
         Productivity Solutions such as IKE over the Coming Decades
         $NZD in B

         U.S. AND CANADIAN ELECTRIC DISTRIBUTION CAPITAL EXPENDITURES

                                                 ACTUAL                    Canadian         Muni   Co-ops   US IOU              FORECASTED




                                                                                                                                                      $110.1
                                                                                                                                             $104.3
                                                                                                                                  $101.4
                                                                                                                        $97.1
                                                                                                                $92.8
                                                                                                    $85.5
                                                                                  $79.7
                                                                   $73.9
                                                      $66.7
                                         $63.8
                 $59.4      $60.9
                                                                                                                                                      95.7
                                                                                                                                   87.0       89.9
                                                                                                                78.3    82.6
                                                                                                    71.0
                                                                                  65.2
                                                                    59.4
                                          49.3            52.2
                     44.9    46.4




                     3.6      3.6         3.6             3.6       3.6               3.6            3.6         3.6     3.6        3.6       3.6      3.6
                     3.6      3.6         3.6             3.6       3.6               3.6            3.6         3.6     3.6        3.6       3.6      3.6
ikeGPS               7.2      7.2         7.2             7.2       7.2               7.2            7.2         7.2     7.2        7.2       7.2      7.2

                     2014    2015         2016            2017     2018           2019              2020        2021    2022       2023      2024     2025
 13
                  Fiber and 5G Investment Super-Cycle in North America Still In Its Early Stages
                  PROJECTED INVESTMENTS INTO 5G & FIBER OPTIC INFRASTRUCTURE
                  $NZD




                                                                                           $72B
                                                                                   $43B
                      $39B



                            2010                                                    2018   2025
ikeGPS


 14      Source: Bell Potter Initiation of Coverage Report, GSMA, American Tower
         Note: Labeled Capex Figures reflect Houlihan Lokey Estimates
                 Focused Use Cases for IKE Products and Technology
                  $NZD




                                                    CIPs1                                                   Electric Utilities                               Engineering Service Providers


                 Market                             • Consists of fiber & 5G network deployment             • 3,200+ electrical utilities in North America   • 1,000+ engineering service providers in
                                                                                                                                                               North America
                 Opportunity                        • 200+ CIPs in North America                            • 220m poles used in electrical transmission
                                                                                                              & distribution                                 • Conduct 50.0% of fieldwork and network
                                                    • 650,000 cellular & small cell towers
                                                                                                                                                               development for CIPs & electric utilities
                                                                                                            • $4.3bn TAM per annum
                                                    • Over $441.0bn of investment in fiber
                                                      networks over the next 3+ years




                 IKE Use Case                        • Improves speed of deployment                         • Network hardening                              • More efficient means of data collection,
                                                                                                                                                               leading to improved MRE permitting and
                                                     • Standardized data and cost of assessment             • Pole audits
                                                                                                                                                               faster deliverables
                                                       per pole asset
                                                                                                            • Faster joint-use assessment turnaround
                                                                                                            • Standardized method of pole assessment

ikeGPS

         (1) Communications Infrastructure Providers
 15      Source: Management Estimates, Bell Potter Initiation of Coverage Report, Houlihan Lokey Estimate
         Communications Market Macro



         Electric Utility Market macro tail winds

         Addressing a large market opportunity
         across the U.S. electric utilities segment
         > 3,200 electric utilities across the U.S. facing common challenges.
            • Outages                               • Environmental clean-up costs
            • Aging infrastructure                  • Significant legal liability
            • Potential catastrophic consequences   • Regulatory and Engineering code
                                                      compliance
            • Increased O&M costs

         > 2,000 Engineering Service Providers

         IKE improves the engineering design and maintenance process of poles
ikeGPS


 16
         Communications Market Macro market tail winds

         Addressing a large market opportunity
         across the U.S. Communications segment
          • >$300B expected investment into fiber network development in the U.S over next 5+ years.
          • >$50B expected investment into 5G network development in the U.S. over the next 5+ years
          • An additional >$60B expected investment into rural broadband development as part of the Biden administrations
            new Infrastructure bill
          • >200 Communications companies competing to build a networks and win underlying customers
          • >1,000 engineering service providers supporting network development


         IKE dramatically speeds up aspects of the
         network deployment process.


ikeGPS


 17
         A Sticky Tier-1 Customer Base in Place
         Telecom
                                                  • 5 of the 10 largest Investor-Owned
                                                    Utilities (“IOUs”) in North America
                                                  • >350 customers in North America,
                                                    with 65 logos added in the past 12
                                                    months
         Electric Utilities                       Opportunities to:
                                                  • Materially grow, upsell and cross-
                                                    sell IKE products into existing
                                                    customer base
                                                  • Win new logos in the North
                                                    American market, with >6,000
                                                    entities participating in this space

         Engineering & Project Management         • Expand into international markets




ikeGPS


 18
         Multiple Avenues Supporting Future Growth Potential

                          Sales Team
                                                Cross Sell &              Platform for             International
                     1    Expansion /      2    Upsell                3   Inorganic Growth     4   Expansion
                          New Logos




                                                                                                        4

                                                                               3

                                                      2

                               1


                                                                                       $43mm



                           Sales Team
           Revenue       Expansion / New   Cross Sell & Upsell into        Inorganic               International   Revenue
           “Today”         Customers       Existing Customer Base           Growth                  Expansion      “Future”
ikeGPS


 19
Team


       ikeGPS


       20
         Accelerating at IKE
         Some of the key faces representing the next generation of our industry


         IKE’s people come for the job and the reputation of working at the company.
         They stay for the accelerated development of their careers. A few of the
         company’s young, emerging superstars are showcased below.....



                         Liz Etzel                                                Sara Deere
                         Product Manager: Knows virtually                         Systems Engineer: Current holder of
                         every customer and is persnickety                        the world-record for running
                         about exemplary customer                                 customer field teams with the least
                         experience.                                              recollects.


                         Jessica Walker                                           Dan Allan
                         IKE Analyze Manager: Delivers every                      Design Director: Loves CX, and lives its
                         customer project on time and on                          importance when delivery brand and
                         scope. Started at IKE as an analyst.                     CX specific to poles.



                         Blake Collins                                            Spencer Hankin

ikeGPS
                         Solutions Engineering Manager: From                      Senior GIS Manager: The brightest data
                         the field to the office, Blake speaks and                analyst in the Pole GIS universe,
                         geeks on the complexities of utility                     and customers like Crown Castle know it.
                         pole dynamics.
 21
         In-Market Leadership
         A Direct Sales, Brand & Delivery Model Across North America


                           Glenn Milnes                                Lydia Siloka                     Stephen Fairbrother
                           Chief Executive Officer                     Head of People                   Chief Financial Officer
                           Joined IKE in 2013                          Joined IKE in 2020               Joined IKE in 2018




                           Jareth Rossking                             Malcolm Young                    Chris Ronan
                           Chief Information Officer and               SVP Structural Analysis & Head   Chief Marketing & Brand Officer
                           Head of Engineering                         of IKE Structural
                                                                                                        Joined IKE in 2020
                           Joined IKE in 2021                          Joined IKE in 2019




                           Leon Toorenburg                             Chris DeJohn                     Jonathan Brigham
                           Chief Technical Officer                     SVP of Sales & Business          Director of Operations
                                                                       Development
                           Founded IKE in 2003                                                          Joined IKE in 2021
                                                                       Joined IKE in 2020


ikeGPS


22
         A Board with deep industry experience
         Board of Directors

         Alex Knowles                                      Mark Ratcliffe                                              Rick Christie / (MSc (Hons) Chemistry)
                                                           Independent Director
         Chairman and Director                                                                                         Independent Director
                                                           Mark was the founding CEO of Chorus New Zealand             Rick Christie is the former Chairman of Ebos
         Alex has investing and operating experience
                                                           from 2007 to 2017 where he led the deployment of New        Group, where he was Chair through much of its
         with international companies in the information
                                                           Zealand’s national fiber network. Prior to Chorus Mark      growth to become a >$3B business today. He has
         technology and transportation industries.
                                                           was CIO and COO of Spark (formerly Telecom NZ). Prior       experience on a number of other major boards,
         Based in Los Angeles, He was formerly Chief
                                                           governance roles include Director of 2 Degrees from         including TVNZ. Rick was previously CEO of
         Operating Officer of the largest international
                                                           2017 to 2020. The majority of his current portfolio is in   investment company Rangatira Ltd and had 20
         freight forwarder and small parcel consolidator
                                                           the Infrastructure Sector and he is currently the Chair     years’ executive management experience in the
         in the U.S.
                                                           of First Gas, Tuatahi Fast Fibre, and a number of other     international oil & gas industry.
                                                           private and public sector boards
         Eileen Healy / BS Electrical Engineering                                                                      Fred Lax / (MSEE and BSEE)
         Independent Director                              Glenn Milnes (MBA (Dist.), BSc (Hons), BPhed)               Independent Director
                                                           CEO & Managing Director                                     Fred Lax is an executive leader with extensive
         Serial entrepreneur of two high-tech startups
                                                           Glenn Milnes is the CEO and managing director at            global experience in the telecommunications
         addressing the U.S. communications market
                                                           ikeGPS, where he is accountable for the company’s           industry and related technologies. Based in
         including Healy & Co, that provides outsourced
                                                           overall strategy, performance, and growth. Prior to         California, he is a former director of NASDAQ listed
         engineering to the U.S. utility
                                                           leading ikeGPS, Glenn previously held senior executive,     Ikanos Communications Inc. (acquired by
         market. Customers include AT&T Mobility, T-
                                                                                                                       Qualcomm Atheros), and former Chief Executive
ikeGPS
                                                           strategy and corporate development positions in the
         Mobile, Vodafone, Verizon Wireless, Frontier
                                                           Communications industry with Cable & Wireless               Officer and President of NASDAQ listed Tekelec Inc.
         Communications, and FirstNet.
                                                           International, and with No. 8 Ventures.
23
Technology and
solutions


                 ikeGPS


                 24
                         A Full Stack of Pole and OSP Products & Solutions




         Pole loading analysis through                                                            Bulk data and image processing using
         PoleForeman and Sagline                                                                      low-code artificial intelligence for
                                                                                                              distribution utility assets
                                             Standardized digitization and field data
                                         collection methods, with dashboard reporting




                                             +
ikeGPS                                                 Technology & automation driven service providing
                                                       pre-packaged data to accelerate engineering

25
         Business model upshot:
         •   A recurring Subscription to access any IKE
             Solution
         •   Additive, reoccurring Fees based on usage
         •   Optional value-added products , such as IKE
             Analyze and IKE University




ikeGPS


26
              Innovation and Growth Timeline
               $NZD
               Fiscal Year Ending Mar-31


               2000’s                                                  2014                                              2019                                                     2022
               IKE Founded                                             Public Listing                                    Access to Standards                                      Growth
               Launched as a pure hardware company                     HQ moved to Colorado, USA, which                  Groups within Utilities                                  FY22 revenue of ~$16M, representing
               by a New Zealand Engineer who had                       serves as the center of gravity today;                                                                     71% YoY growth, driven by an increase
               experience surveying radio network                      IKE lists on the NZX raising $22.8M via           IKE acquires the assets of PoleForman,                   in subscription and transaction
               sites in Europe and Africa.                             IPO.                                              a structural analysis software platform,                 revenue.
                                                                                                                         from PowerLine Technology
               First customer was the US Department                    Still very early stage and <$1M revenue                                                                    FY23 Q1 Revenue of $6.8M, tracking
               of Defense                                                                                                                                                         towards ~$27M revenue in FY23 (to
                                                                                                                                                                                  March 2023)




                                 2013                                               2017                                              2021
                                 IKE Software                                       Standardized                                      Pole Engineering
                                 IKE begins to develop electric utility-            IKE becomes the standard for pole                 Automation, Driven by AI
                                 specific software following requests               records and make-ready-engineering
                                 from utility customers in the US market            projects for US companies                         IKE acquires the assets of Visual Globe
                                                                                    including AT&T and others                         to integrate automation capability via AI
                                                                                                                                      and Machine Learning throughout its
                                                                                                                                      platform, while creating the IKE Insight
                                                                                                                                      product offering
ikeGPS


27
         Source: IKE Annual Reports, IKE Q1 FY23 Performance Update
         Building the PoleOS™ Company
         IKE is executing a rolling 12-quarter plan against three strategic swim lanes, to create long term differentiation




               Industry-leading application of field data   Excellence in analysis and insights of pole
                                                                                                           To be the technology partner that customers
               collection technologies specific to          data to drive productivity outcomes for
                                                                                                           cannot imagine living without
               distribution OSP projects                    distribution OSP projects


               Market-leader in the application of field    Purpose-built cloud software to assess and     Delivery of the best CX in the industry to
               data collection technologies specific to     manage poles and projects efficiently          drive pricing power, retention, and upsell
               OSP distribution assets                      with advanced analytics and integration with   opportunities
                                                            ecosystem players
               Market-leader in ability to process bulk
                                                                                                           UX excellence and integrated work-flow &
               data from any source, specific to poles      Standardization of OSP data for internal as    flexibility to create an all-in-one, sticky
                                                            well as authorized 3rd party use               platform



ikeGPS


28
Standardized Field Data Collection with
Back Office Cloud Analysis and Project
Dashboards


                                          ikeGPS


                                          29
         IKE Office Pro                                                 IKE Structural                                      IKE Insight                                                  IKE Analyze




                                                                           Standardized Field Data Collection with Back
                                                                           Office Cloud Analysis and Project Dashboards

                                                                                         With your data in the cloud your
                                                                                              options are limitless



                                                                                                                                          Data export to 100s of file types supporting Self Performance or
                                                                                                                                          ESP-led Engineering Services
                                                                                                                                          The IKE Office solution enables customers to standardize
                                                                                                                                          workflows and create accurate, digitized pole records fast
                                                                                                                                             • Field data collection workflow platform
                                                                                                                                             • Back-office analysis software
                                                                                                                                             • Real-time productivity dashboards

                                                                                                                                          Delivering dramatic productivity improvements: data quality,
                                                                                                                                          speed, reduced re-work, and team safety




                                                                                                                                          A service providing pre-packaged data to accelerate
                                                                                                                                          engineering services
                                                                                                                                           • IKE Reports                             • IKE Photo Records


ikeGPS
                          Simplify field data collection with the Android IKE Device                                                       • PLA Reports                             • Permitting
                          and send the data right into IKE Office Pro                                                                      • MRA Improvements                        • Audit with GPS or Image
                                                                                                                                           • Pass/Fail Maps                          • Etc.
                                                                                                                                           • IKE Office Cloud Database
30
               IKE Office Pro        IKE Structural       IKE Insight               IKE Analyze




         Digitization via IKE Office Pro Cloud Software


          Export data through
          various methods and
          various workflows
                                                                        Measure poles, spans,
                                                                        equipment, and location




                                                                        Full integration to automate
                                                                        pole load analysis




ikeGPS


 31
             IKE Office Pro        IKE Structural         IKE Insight                              IKE Analyze




         Automate and Integrate with Cloud Software Capabilities



                                                               Drag and drop form builder to make custom
                                                               forms and standardize team workflows



                                                               Standardize engineering team workflows
                                                               across infrastructure owners




                                                               Pole loading analysis integration



ikeGPS


32
                   IKE Office Pro                         IKE Structural                       IKE Insight                           IKE Analyze




          Dramatic Productivity Benefits for Customers


         Standardize the quality of field work   Whole-of-network project view   Detailed digitization of assets   Real time, customized dashboards to
                                                                                        via digital twins             optimize project management




ikeGPS


33
PoleForeman is one of the four
standards for Pole Loading Analysis in
North America


                                         ikeGPS


                                         34
                   IKE Office Pro                      IKE Structural         IKE Insight                              IKE Analyze




                                                          PoleForeman is one of the four standards
                                                          for Pole Loading Analysis in North America



                                                                                                                       PASS
         Integrates with existing client’s pre-built
         databases, custom database requests, or
         RUS (Rural Utilities Service) databases




                                                                                            Find out quickly whether your poles pass or fail and
                                                                                               easily export the results via the Pole Loading
                                                                                                         Analysis summary screen



                                                                        &

ikeGPS


35
            IKE Office Pro      IKE Structural            IKE Insight           IKE Analyze




         PoleForeman Capability….


                                    Structural analysis
                                                                        Measure clearances
                                    and 3D modelling




                                    Ensure structural
                                    Integrity and NESC                    Scaled 3D renderings
                                    compliance



ikeGPS


36
               IKE Office Pro      IKE Structural   IKE Insight             IKE Analyze




         PoleForeman integrated                                   Training available by
         into any customer                                        IKE pole experts,
         network database                                         anywhere




                                                                  NextGen
         Deployed at the largest                                  PoleForeman being built
         IOU’s and Electric                                       with requirements from
         Co-ops in the U.S.                                       a core major customer
                                                                  council




ikeGPS


37
         IKE Office Pro                              IKE Structural                       IKE Insight                           IKE Analyze




                               The NextGen PoleForeman Solution Will Deliver Key
                                         Differentiation to the Market

                          To be released 2023, designed with a customer council including the Standards Group leaders within:




ikeGPS


38
Bulk data and image
processing using low-code artificial
intelligence for distribution utility
assets



                                        ikeGPS


                                        39
                    IKE Office Pro                                               IKE Structural                                            IKE Insight                                           IKE Analyze




                                                                                    Bulk data and image processing using low-code
                                                                                    artificial intelligence for distribution utility assets

           IKE Insight allows access to pole imagery
                                                                                          Data Pairing App
              from anywhere and for any reason
                                                                                  Data Collector App                       Conditional App
         Industry Use Cases

          • Utility pole audits           • Quality assurance                                                            Data Viewer App
                                                                         Annotation App
          • Pole inspections              • Pole ownership                                                                                                  Use the analysis to get the
          • Line degradation and          • Location validation                                                                                                actionable insights
            vulnerabilities                                                                        A.I. and Machine
          • New insights from                                                                     Learning Platform                                      NESC Violation Extraction
            legacy audits


                                                                                                                                                         Measurement between 2 static objects
         Field Data Collection Agnostic

                                                                                                                                                         Measurement between dynamic objects


                                                                                                                                                         As-builts for future change detection
         Existing Data Images        Drones            Thermal Imagery


                                                                                                                                                         ROW Management



ikeGPS
                                                                           IKE takes pole images and imports them into IKE Insight                       Pole Segmentation
             Field Devices           Lidar                Satellite          A.I. and Machine Learning apps to conduct analysis


40
              IKE Office Pro               IKE Structural                               IKE Insight                                  IKE Analyze




         IKE Insight Introduces a Range of Disruptive Capabilities




           Automated instance                      Accurate pole detectors, and auto-                 Text-based enquiry of bulk data
           segmentation models for poles           generated photo-realistic models                   to be 'the Google’ for search
                                                                                                      of distribution networks

                                                                                                      (example search above: “Birds on Wire”)


ikeGPS


 41
Pole & Engineering Analysis


                              ikeGPS


                              42
                  IKE Office Pro                    IKE Structural                      IKE Insight                       IKE Analyze




                                                       Pole Analysis from IKE experts, software and
                                                       automation. Customers collect the distribution
                                                       network data. IKE performs the engineering analysis
         For customers: Faster engineering, dramatic scale, profitability, and efficiency benefits


         Example Deliverables:




              Height of Attachments (HOA)      Pole Load Analysis (PLA) engineering   Make Ready Recommendations (MRR)
             engineering deliverable example           deliverable example              engineering deliverable example


ikeGPS


43
                              IKE Office Pro                                             IKE Structural                        IKE Insight                      IKE Analyze




                IKE Analyze Improves Resource Optimization, Drives Scale, Reduces Costs
                and Increases Profit




                              10k+                                    30%                        80k+              3x                        200k+        50%
                              hours saved                            faster collection           make-ready       efficiency                    poles     reduction in
                             for customers                              in the field          recommendations   improvements                  delivered    recollects




ikeGPS


44
         Source: Company Data, Customer Case Studies, Management Estimates
         Thanks




ikeGPS
         Manaakitanga: We Rise By Lifting Others

45
