 IKE FY20 Results and Q1 FY21 Update
 Signiﬁcant Growth Opportunity in the U.S. Communications &
 Electric Utility market



 Glenn Milnes, CEO. glenn.milnes@ikegps.com
 29 June 2020.




Conﬁdential
          Important Notice
          Information in this Presentation:
          ➕     is for general information purposes only, and is not an offer or invitation for subscription, purchase, or recommendation of securities in
                ikeGPS Limited;

          ➕     should be read in conjunction with, and is subject to, ike’s FY20 ﬁnancial statements, market releases, and information published on ike’s
                website (www.ikegps.com);

          ➕     includes forward-looking statements about ike and the environment in which ike operates, which are subject to uncertainties and
Notice          contingencies outside of ike’s control – ike’s actual results or performance may differ materially from these statements;

          ➕     includes statements relating to past performance, which should not be regarded as a reliable indicator of future performance; and

          ➕     may contain information from third parties believed to be reliable – however, no representations or warranties are made as to the accuracy
                or completeness of such information.

                ➕      All information in this presentation is current at the date of this presentation, unless otherwise stated.

                ➕      All currency amounts are in NZ dollars unless stated otherwise.


          Receipt of this Document and/or attendance at this presentation constitutes acceptance of the terms set out above in this Important Notice.




                                                                                                                                                             2
         Conﬁdential
            Contents
            ➕     FY20 performance metrics for the 12 months to 31 March 2020, inline with the pre-announcement early April.

                 ➕       Record revenue & gross margin.

            ➕     The continued transition of IKE’s business model to transaction & subscription revenues.

                 ➕       Including an overview of IKE’s solution, called IKE Analyze, that increases revenue quality.


Contents
            ➕     Q1 FY21 performance update and Covid-impact assessment.

                 ➕       Solid performance through the Covid-impacted Q1 period with revenue of approximately $2M.

                 ➕       IKE’s has ‘essential business’ status in U.S.A, and its customers are resuming network activity to pre-Covid levels.

            ➕     Market overview.

                 ➕        Optimal market timing across two core segments. >$350B investment super-cycle into ﬁber network and 5G network deployments in North America
                          over the next 3-5 years. The IKE solution speeds pre-construction processes.

            ➕     Team overview.

                 ➕       A Board and executive team with deep industry & business-building experience.




                                                                                                                                                                        3
           Conﬁdential
                               Positive shift in revenue composition.



FY20 performance & momentum
                               Takeaways:
                               ➕    IKE’s revenue mix from its core Communications & Utility segment has continued to shift positively and materially the past 12 months.
                               ➕    Approximately 70% of FY20 revenue was from transaction & recurring sources (shown by the blue bar in the chart).
                               ➕    This is an important transition in terms of increasing revenue quality and predictability to underpin growth.




                                                                                                                                                                            4
                              Conﬁdential
                               Positive overall ﬁnancial momentum.



FY20 performance & momentum
                               Takeaways:
                               ➕    The positive momentum of the past 24 months continued through FY20 with respect to revenue, gross proﬁt, and operating cash ﬂow performance.
                               ➕    Total Cash & Receivables 31 March 2020 are approximately $5.8m.




                                                                                                                                                                                   5
                              Conﬁdential
               FY20 Results Highlights
               ＋   Record revenue growth in the core Communications & Electric Utility segment:
                   ＋    Total recognised revenue FY20 of approximately $9.8m (23% growth against PCP).
               ＋   Gross margin growth:
                   ＋    Record gross margin FY20 of approximately $7.0m (30% growth against PCP).



FY20 Results
                   ＋    Gross Margin percentage improved to 71% (against PCP of 67%).
               ＋   Improved operating cash ﬂow:
                   ＋    Operating cash ﬂow of approximately ($1.1m) against PCP of ($4.0m).
               ＋   Operating loss for the year was approximately ($5.6m) against PCP of ($5.1m)
               ＋   Record sales into the U.S. Communications and Electric Utility market, with approximately $9.2m revenue including;
                   ＋    $2.8m revenue generated from annual software subscriptions and $3.2m from IKE Analyze (approximately
                        125% growth in IKE Analyze revenue against PCP)
               ＋   Cash and receivables:
                   ＋    IKE ended the period with total cash & receivables of approximately $5.9m.




                                                                                                                                        6
               FY20 Results Highlights cont.
               ＋   Transition to the IKE Analyze business model was continued in FY20
                   ＋    As a result approximately 70% of FY20 revenue was from recurring subscription or transaction sources.
               ＋   The focus continues on two large markets, speciﬁcally speeding the pre-construction process in the Communications and Electric Utilities
                   segment in North America.
                   ＋    Market timing is optimal.


FY20 Results
               ＋   Multiple customer proof points.
                   ＋    With account acceleration opportunities.
               ＋   Operating momentum.
                   ＋    Across pipeline, brand, customer experience, and process eﬃciency.
                   ＋    The right people.
                        ＋    Leadership, pole expertise, and governance in place so to lead our niche. The period included the appointment of Mark Ratcliffe as
                             non-executive director, the former CEO of Chorus and former CIO & COO of Spark (formerly Telecom NZ).




                                                                                                                                                                  7
               Proﬁt & Loss (unaudited)

                                                   2020 2019
               Continuing operations               $'000's   $'000's
               Operating revenue                   9,838     7,996



FY20 Results
               Cost of sales                       (2,878)   (2,646)
               Gross proﬁt                         6,960     5,350
               Other income                        1         102
               Operations cost                     (541)     (643)
               Sales and marketing expenses        (4,697)   (3,226)
               Research and engineering expenses   (3,361)   (3,210)
               Corporate costs                     (4,011)   (3,443)
               Foreign exchange (losses)/gains     5         (39)
               Expenses                            (12,605) (10,561)
               Operating loss                      (5,644)   (5,109)




                                                                       8
               Solid Q1 FY21 Performance. Covid-19 impact assessment.
               ＋   IKE performed solidly through the Covid-impacted Q1 FY21 (period ending June 2020) with revenue of approximately $2M. This represents an
                   approximate 15-20% lower run rate revenue level than FY20 (pre-Covid).
               ＋   IKE expects to end Q1 FY21 with Total Cash & Receivables of approximately $5.2m (31 March 2020 position of $5.8m).


               Covid-19 impact outlook


FY20 Results
               ＋   IKE’s North American customers and their operations resumed high levels of network construction and maintenance activity in June, even with
                   the continued presence of Covid-19 across the U.S.
               ＋   This market did experience a substantial slow-down in activity March through May 2020 due to the sudden uncertainty created by Covid-19,
                   however activity levels have since increased as above.
               ＋   IKE is deemed a “Critical Business” in the U.S. ‘Shelter-at-Home’ orders across the U.S. are exempting companies deemed “Critical Businesses”
                   that includes IKE and its target customers, being communications companies, electric utilities, and their associated engineering service providers
                   involved in constructing and maintaining Critical Infrastructure.
               ＋   Notwithstanding these mitigating factors and these U.S. Critical Business provisions, IKE is continuing to closely monitor risks related to
                   Covid-19, with a focus on the health & safety of staff and the company’s resilience across supply chain, customers, and technology.
               ＋   We are conservatively planning for the scenario of lower activity Q2 FY21 and are considering the possible impacts should Covid-19 surge again
                   in speciﬁc U.S. regions or states where our customers operate.
               ＋   ＋ The Covid-19 situation continues to change and develop in the U.S., and these statements are in the context of what is known at this
                   point-in-time. IKE’s fuller customer update can be seen at https://ike4.ikegps.com/our-covid-19-response/.
               ＋   ＋ Operationally, IKE has transitioned its U.S. operation to mostly remote working, while its New Zealand operation is back to “in-oﬃce” status
                   in the Level-1 environment.
               ＋   ＋ Due to the cloud-based nature of IKE’s products, systems and processes, and the critical nature of the industry it serves, the changes
                   required to IKE’s operation throughout this situation have continued to be mostly smooth. As such, IKE people and products are expected to
                                                                                                                                                                        9
                   continue to deliver the highest levels of performance, availability, and security
                         IKE speeds network pre-construction for two large markets
                         Timing is optimal…
                         Communication Infrastructure Providers (CIPs)                                              Electric Utilities




Meeting Market Demand
                         Pain point IKE solves;                                                                     Pain point IKE solves;
                        ＋ Bring networks and services online faster.                                               ＋ Sharply increasing pole attachment permit requests.
                        ＋ Standardize costs & data Standard across multiple geographic markets.                    ＋ Require a Standardized way to assess if poles are compromised.


                         Applications;                                                                              Applications;
                        ＋ Fiber network deployments                                                                ＋ Joint-use requests from CIPs
                        ＋ 5G network deployments                                                                   ＋ Network hardening to protect against storm and ﬁre risk.
                                                                                                                   ＋ In some cases, building their own ﬁber networks.
                         Market opportunity for IKE;
                                                                                                                    Market opportunity for IKE;
                        ＋ Bottom up;
                          - >$225m revenue opportunity over 5 years from the largest 15 players in the U.S.        ＋ The largest potential market for IKE in the long term;
                          - >200 CIPs in the North American market.                                                   - >3,200 electric utilities in North America
                        ＋ Top down;                                                                                   - >$750M per annum Total Addressable Market
                          - >$300B forecast investment into ﬁber networks in the U.S over next 5+ years.           ＋ IKE expects that this segment will develop more slowly than the CIP and
                          - >$50B forecast 5G network investment                                                     Engineering Service Provider market


                                                                       Engineering Service Providers (force multipliers for IKE)
                         Pain point IKE solves;                                                                Market opportunity for IKE;
                        ＋ Need to maximize eﬃciency and proﬁts. Typically doing >50% of the network           ＋ >1,000 engineering groups in the U.S. Use of IKE tools for ﬁeld engineering drives asset data
                          development work for the CIPs and Electric Utilities.                                 back to the IKE Analyze transaction platform.


                                                                                                                                                                                                                10
                        Conﬁdential
                And is working with the biggest names in the business
                With signiﬁcant account expansion opportunities.




Proof Points




                                                                        11
               Conﬁdential
                                 Extending the IKE Analyze solution to deliver more value
                                 And substantially extending IKE’s revenue model as the core growth driver.




IKE Analyze solution offering
                                IKE Field Tools & Software                                                                  Deliverables




                                                                       Basic pole    Pole Load Analysis   Make Ready
                                                                      assessment       (Digital Twin)     Adjustments

                                Annual Subscription                                                                     IKE Analyze Deliverables
                                                                    IKE Cloud Pole Analysis Platform
                                ＋ IKE Device
                                ＋ IKE Field s/w                    Per Pole Transaction Pricing                         ＋ IKE Report (pdf)
                                ＋ IKE Integration Suite                                                                 ＋ PLA Report
                                ＋ Software updates & maintenance                                                        ＋ MRA Improvements
                                ＋ Technical Support                                                                     ＋ Pass/Fail Maps
                                ＋ Hot Swap*                                                                             ＋ IKE Oﬃce Cloud Database
                                ＋ Training*                                                                             ＋ IKE Photo Records
                                ＋ Joint Use Coordinator Support                                                         ＋ Permitting

                                * = Customer Paid Shipping




                                                                                                                                                    12
                                Conﬁdential
                       Rapid growth in usage of the IKE platform
                       >17M aerial asset records on the system. And growing each day.




IKE Analyze drivers




                                                                                        13
                      Conﬁdential
                                 Photo-Veriﬁable Accuracy
                                 Evidence of assets as they exist in the ﬁeld.




Example IKE Solutions Outputs




                                                                                 14
                                Conﬁdential
                                 Pole Loading Analysis, via the FY20 PoleForeman acquisition



Example IKE Solutions Outputs
                                 Embedded customers include a number of the largest investor-owned utility groups in the U.S.



                                   Pole Loading
                                   Structural integrity
                                   Clearance Analysis
                                   NESC compliance




                                                                                                                                15
                                Conﬁdential
                                 Optimizing Workﬂow management
                                 Starting with a customer




Example IKE Solutions Outputs
                                 deliverable and ﬁnding the
                                 most efﬁcient way to deﬁne
                                 workﬂows.




                                                                 16
                                Conﬁdential
                                 Data Management Products to Ensure Quality
                                 Schedule & route planning to ensure ‘One-Trip to the Field’ eﬃciency.




Example IKE Solutions Outputs




                                                                                                         17
                                Conﬁdential
                                 Enabling Faster Permitting
                                 Automated Attachment Permit Applications; eliminating manual input errors & dramatically speeding up permitting.




Example IKE Solutions Outputs




                                                                                                                                                    18
                                Conﬁdential
                       Key Drivers of the IKE Solution
                       Achieving dramatic productivity gains and improvements in quality & safety for our customers.



                          17.7 Million                      2.8 Million                     75%
IKE Analyze drivers       Photos                            Assets                          Reduce
                          of poles to date                  in IKE Oﬃce                     personnel requiring ﬁeld visit




                          0                                 2x Faster                       8x
                          Zero                              Improve                         Reduce
                          revisits to the pole              workﬂows from end to end        permit request rejections



                       * Data above as at September 2019.




                                                                                                                             19
                      Conﬁdential
                   Team; Governance Strengthened through FY20
                   Board of Directors
                   Rick Christie / (MSc (Hons) Chemistry)                  Bill Morrow                                                   Alex Knowles
                   Chairman and Independent Director                       Independent Director                                          Director




Governance Team
                   Rick Christie is the former Chairman of Ebos Group,                                                                   Alex has investing and operating experience with international
                                                                           Bill currently leads a business-wide strategy initiative at
                   where he was Chair through much of its growth to                                                                      companies in the information technology and transportation
                                                                           AT&T, the world’s largest communications company,
                   become a >$3B business today. He has experience                                                                       industries. Based in Los Angeles, He was formerly Chief
                                                                           reporting to its Chairman & Board. Bill has held positions
                   on a number of other major boards, including                                                                          Operating Oﬃcer of the largest international freight forwarder
                                                                           including CEO of Vodafone Europe, President of
                   TVNZ. Rick was previously CEO of investment                                                                           and small parcel consolidator in the U.S.
                                                                           Vodafone KK Japan, CEO of Paciﬁc Gas and Electric. Bill
                   company Rangatira Ltd and had 20 years’ executive       was also CEO of NBN co., where he led the build of
                   management experience in the international oil &        Australia’s $40B universal broadband network that has         Mark Ratcliffe
                   gas industry.                                           connected more than 6.5 million homes and businesses.         Independent Director
                                                                           His Board experience includes as a member for eight           Mark joined IKE most recently from Chorus, where he was its CEO
                                                                           years at Broadcom Inc. (one of the world’s largest
                   Dr. Bruce Harker / (PhD Electrical                                                                                    leading the deployment of New Zealand’s national ﬁber network.
                                                                           semiconductor businesses) and Openwave.
                   Engineering, BE (Hons))                                                                                               Prior to Chorus Mark was CIO and COO of Spark (formerly Telecom
                   Independent Director                                                                                                  NZ). His other governance roles include as non-executive director
                                                                           Glenn Milnes (MBA (Dist.), BSc (Hons), BPhed)                 of 2Degrees Mobile and as Chairman of First Gas.
                   Bruce is currently Director of H.R.L. Morrison & Co’s
                   Energy Group and is also Chairman of ASX listed         CEO & Managing Director                                       Fred Lax / (MSEE AND BSEE)
                   Tilt Renewables. Among other directorships, he
                                                                           Glenn Milnes is the CEO and managing director at ikeGPS,      Independent Director
                   was previously Chairman of NZX listed TrustPower
                                                                           where he is accountable for the company’s overall
                   and Z-Energy.                                                                                                         Fred Lax is an executive leader with extensive global experience in
                                                                           strategy, performance, and growth. Prior to leading
                                                                                                                                         the telecommunications industry and related technologies. Based
                                                                           ikeGPS, Glenn previously held senior executive, strategy
                                                                                                                                         in California, he is a former director of NASDAQ listed Ikanos
                                                                           and corporate development positions in the
                                                                                                                                         Communications Inc. (acquired by Qualcomm Atheros), and former
                                                                           Communications industry with Cable & Wireless
                                                                                                                                         Chief Executive Oﬃcer and President of NASDAQ listed Tekelec Inc.
                                                                           International, and with No. 8 Ventures.


                                                                                                                                                                                                               20
                  Conﬁdential
               Team; Executive leadership & Pole experts
               Supporting a direct go-to-market model; selling & delivering directly into the largest infrastructure companies in North America.




Pole People
              Glenn Milnes                                       Leon Toorenburg          Chris Birkett                       Dan McGrady
              Chief Executive Oﬃcer & Managing Director          Chief Technology Oﬃcer   Chief Financial & Operating Oﬃcer   Director of Customer Success




              Mike McGill                                        Liz Etzel                Matthew Worster                     Blake Collins
              Senior VP, Utility & Communication Business Unit   Support Lead             VP, IKE Analyze                     Solutions Engineering Manager




                                                                                                                                                              21
              Conﬁdential
                          Thanks...
                          Dedicated to Serving
                          Communications Companies &
IKE is...                 Electric Utilities.
                          Who are focused on:
                           - Faster network deployments.
                           - Improving network and data quality.
                           - Keeping crews out of harm’s way.
                           - Meeting the demands of regulators.




                                                                   22
            Conﬁdential
