                        17 August 2023


                                                            Appendix 4E and Annual Report

                        Super Retail Group Limited (ASX: SUL) attaches its Appendix 4E and Annual Report for the financial
                        year ended 1 July 2023 for release to the market.




For personal use only
                        For further information, contact:

                        Investor enquiries:
                        Robert Wruck, Head of Investor Relations
                        Ph: 0414 521 124
                        E: robert.wruck@superretailgroup.com

                        Media enquiries:
                        Kate Carini
                        Ph: 07 3482 7404
                        E: media@superretailgroup.com

                        The release of this announcement has been authorised by the Board of Super Retail Group
                        Limited.
                                                                         APPENDIX 4E
                                                                   PRELIMINARY FINAL REPORT

                                                             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED (SUL)
                                                                    ABN 81 108 676 204

                        Statutory Results
                        Current Reporting Period:                                               From 3 July 2022 to 1 July 2023 (52 weeks)
                        Previous Corresponding Reporting Period:                                From 27 June 2021 to 2 July 2022 (53 weeks)


                        Results for Announcement to the Market
                                                                                                                                   Comparison to 2022
                                                                                                    Statutory Results
                                                                                                                                    Statutory Results
                                                                                                           $m                              $m
                        Revenue from ordinary activities                                                 3,802.6                  Up 7.1% from $3,550.9




For personal use only
                        Profit from ordinary activities after tax attributable to
                        members                                                                            263.0                   Up 9.0% from $241.2
                        Net profit for the period attributable to members                                  263.0                   Up 9.0% from $241.2


                        Dividends – ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                  Franked Amount Per
                                                                                                   Amount Per Share
                                                                                                                                        Share
                        Interim dividend – Current Period                                                 34.0¢                           34.0¢
                        Final dividend – Current Period(1)                                                44.0¢                           44.0¢
                        Special dividend – Current Period(1)                                              25.0¢                           25.0¢

                        Record date for determining entitlements to the dividends                                                 8 September 2023
                        Date the final dividend and special dividend are payable                                                   18 October 2023

                        (1)    Determined on 17 August 2023, not yet provided for as at 1 July 2023.


                        Brief explanation of figures reported above to enable the figures to be understood
                        This report is based on the consolidated financial statements which have been audited. The audit report, which
                        was unqualified, is included within the Company’s Annual Report for the financial year ended 1 July 2023
                        (Annual Report) which accompanies this Appendix 4E.

                        For further commentary on the results for the year, please refer to the Company’s Results Announcement for the
                        financial year ended 1 July 2023 and the Annual Report.

                        Key highlights include:
                              Group sales up 7 per cent to $3.8 billion (up 9 per cent adjusted for 53rd week in FY22)1
                              Group like-for-like sales growth of 8 per cent2
                              Group gross margin of 46.2 per cent
                              Segment PBT up 12 per cent to $391 million3
                              Segment PBT margin up 50 bps to 10.3 per cent3
                              Statutory NPAT up 9 per cent to $263 million and normalised NPAT up 12 per cent to $274 million4
                              Statutory EPS of 117 cents and normalised EPS of 121 cents


                        1.    FY23 is a 52-week period compared to FY22 which was a 53-week period. Sales and earnings growth numbers in this announcement
                              compare 52-weeks of trading with 53-weeks of trading unless otherwise indicated.
                        2.    Like-for-like sales growth numbers in this announcement compare 52 weeks of trading with 52 weeks of trading.
                        3.    PBT is profit before tax.
                        4.    NPAT is net profit after tax.
                        5.    Active club member is a club member who purchased in the last 12 months.
                                                                        APPENDIX 4E
                                                                  PRELIMINARY FINAL REPORT

                                                           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED (SUL)
                                                                  ABN 81 108 676 204

                             Fully franked final ordinary dividend of 44 cents per share and fully franked special dividend of 25 cents
                              per share
                             Strong cashflow generation – EBITDA cash conversion of 88 per cent
                             Growing loyalty base – active club members up 12 per cent to 10.3 million5
                             Highly engaged team – engagement scores of 80 and 81 in the period
                             Expanded store network – 24 new stores opened and successfully launched BCF superstore format in
                              Townsville and Kawana
                             Conservative balance sheet - no drawn bank debt and $192 million cash balance




For personal use only
                        This document should be read in conjunction with the Annual Report and any public announcements made in
                        the period by the Company in accordance with the continuous disclosure requirements of the Corporations Act
                        2001 (Cth) and the ASX Listing Rules.

                        Dividends or distribution reinvestment plans
                        The Company's Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP) remains active. The DRP is optional and offers eligible
                        shareholders the opportunity to acquire fully paid ordinary shares in the Company rather than receiving
                        dividends in cash. It is expected that the shares allocated under the DRP will be purchased on market and
                        allocated on the dividend payment date. The DRP shares will rank pari passu with other fully paid ordinary shares
                        on issue. The allocation price will be the arithmetic average of the weighted average market price of all Super
                        Retail Group Limited ordinary shares sold in the ordinary course of trading on the ASX on each of the
                        10 consecutive trading days during the period from 13 September 2023 to 26 September 2023 (inclusive). A
                        shareholder can elect to participate in or terminate their involvement in the DRP at any time.

                        Election notices for participation in the DRP in relation to the final dividend and special dividend must be
                        received by the registry by 5.00pm (AEDT) on 11 September 2023 to be effective for the dividends. The Directors
                        have determined that no discount will apply to the allocation price for the dividends. Shares to be allocated
                        under the DRP will be transferred to participants on 18 October 2023.


                        Foreign Entities
                        Foreign entities have been accounted for in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards.


                        Details of associates and joint venture entities
                                                                                                        Legal ownership interest as at
                        Name of entity                                                             1 July 2023                   2 July 2022
                        Autoguru Australia Pty Ltd(1)                                                   Nil                        38.29%
                        Autocrew Australia Pty Ltd(2)                                                   Nil                        50.00%
                        (1)   The Group completed the sale of all its shares in this entity on 30 December 2022.
                        (2)   This entity was deregistered on 14 August 2022.


                        Control gained or lost over entities during the period
                        (a) Names of entities where control was gained in the period
                        There were no entities over which control was gained during the period.

                        (b) Names of entities where control was lost in the period
                        Infinite Retail NZ Limited ceased being a Group entity upon its deregistration on 21 December 2022. There
                        were no other entities over which the Group lost control during the period.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                        1




For personal use only
                                                                                            t
                                                                                            or
                                                                            nn 23
                                                                              ua
                                                                                 lR
                                                                         2
                                                                        A 0
                                                                                   ep


                                                                        Inspiring you to
                                                                        live your passion
                        2                                                       SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23




                            Acknowledgement of Country

                            Super Retail Group acknowledges the Traditional
                            Custodians of Country throughout Australia and
                            recognises their continuing connection to land, waters and
                            communities. We pay our respect to Aboriginal and Torres
                            Strait Islander cultures, and to Elders past and present.




                            We also operate in Aotearoa New Zealand, and we
                            acknowledge ngā iwi Māori as Tangata Whenau
                            (First People) of Aotearoa.




For personal use only
                            Super Retail Group is committed to upholding the Treaty
                            of Waitangi principles, developing relationships with, and
                            supporting local iwi.

                            Manaaki whenua,
                            Manaaki tāngata,
                            Haere whakamua.

                            If we care for the land,
                            If we care for the people,
                            We can move forward into the future.

                            Māori proverb




                            Important notice

                            This report contains forward-looking statements.     neither Super Retail Group nor any other
                            While these forward-looking statements reflect       person undertakes to publicly update or review
                            Super Retail Group’s expectations at the date        any forward-looking statements, whether as a
                            of this report, they are not guarantees or           result of new information or future events. Past
                            predictions of future performance or statements      performance cannot be relied on as a guide
                            of fact. These statements involve known and          to future performance. Super Retail Group
                            unknown risks and uncertainties, which may           cautions against reliance on any forward-looking
                            cause actual results to differ materially from       statements or guidance.
                            those expressed in the statements contained in
                            this report. There are inherent limitations with
                            respect to scenario analysis, and it is difficult    There are references to ‘IFRS’ and ‘non-IFRS’
                            to predict which, if any, of the scenarios might     financial information in this report. Non-IFRS
                            eventuate. Scenarios do not constitute definitive    financial measures are financial measures
                            outcomes or probabilities, and scenario analysis     other than those defined or specified under
                            relies on assumptions that may or may not be,        any relevant accounting standard and may not
                            or prove to be, correct and may or may not           be directly comparable with other companies’
                            eventuate. Scenarios may also be impacted by         information. Non-IFRS financial measures
                            additional factors to the assumptions disclosed.     are used to enhance the comparability of
                            Super Retail Group makes no representation,          information between reporting periods. Non-
                            assurance or guarantee as to the accuracy or         IFRS financial information should be considered
                            likelihood or fulfilment of any forward-looking      in addition to, and is not intended to be a
                            statement or any outcomes expressed or implied       substitute for, IFRS financial information and
                            in any forward-looking statement. Except as          measures. Non-IFRS financial measures are not
                            required by applicable laws or regulations,          subject to audit or review.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                         2




                                           Contents
                                                              3   Chair’s message
                                                              5   CEO’s message
                                                              9   About us
                                                             11   FY23 performance highlights




For personal use only
                                                             13   Our strategy
                                                             15   Our communities
                                                             17   FY23 ESG highlights
                                                             19   Review of operations and FY23 performance
                                                             19      Group
                                                             23      Supercheap Auto
                                                             27      rebel
                                                             31      BCF
                                                             35      Macpac
                                                             39   Risk
                                                             44   Climate
                                                             47   Our team
                                                             49   Board of Directors
                                                             51   Executive Leadership Team
                                                             53   Directors’ Report
                                                             60   Remuneration Report
                                                             92   Financial Statements
                                                            153   Shareholder information
                                                            156   Glossary
                                                            157   Corporate Directory
                        3                                                                SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23




For personal use only
                                                                     Chair’s
                                                                     message
                            Dear Shareholders
                            I’m pleased to report another strong     The Group reported a record sales      program. With 10 million-plus active
                            year for Super Retail Group.             outcome for FY23, up nine per          members, we are excited about the
                                                                     cent for the year adjusted for the     potential for further growth from
                            Capitalising on the strength of          additional week of trading in FY22.    engaging our customer loyalty base.
                            our four core brands, our growing        Operating in what have proven to be
                            connection with customers and            resilient segments in a fragmented     Super Retail Group continued to
                            the expertise and passion of our         retail sector, we reinforced the       work hard to improve the health,
                            team members, Super Retail Group                                                safety and wellbeing of our people.
                                                                     market-leading position of our four
                            confirmed its status as one of the
                                                                     core brands. I want to acknowledge     Although the Group recorded
                            nation’s leading retail businesses.
                                                                     each and every one of our 15,000-      progress in some areas, the Board
                            Despite a testing 2023 financial year,   plus team members for their            and leadership team recognise
                            the Group showed its resilience,         dedication and commitment in           there is more work to do. Our
                            navigating the tougher conditions        achieving this outcome.                commitment to addressing critical
                            confronting the retail sector to post                                           risks remains at the forefront of our
                            record sales and higher profits.         An important contributor to the        health and safety agenda. We are
                                                                     robust revenue growth was the          focused on ongoing improvements
                            A challenging external environment -     performance of our store network,      through active leadership and
                            headlined by cost-of-living pressures    with new stores, refurbishments and    ownership of our commitments
                            on the back of 10 successive             innovative formats seeing the Group    from all levels of the business.
                            interest rate increases during the       ideally positioned to take advantage
                            year to manage escalating inflation      of momentum from the return of         With a robust operational and
                            - reinforced the importance of the       traditional shopping patterns after    financial performance backed up by
                            Group’s strategy, adaptability and       the pandemic.                          strong and improving team member
                            sound financial position.
                                                                                                            engagement, it is appropriate to
                                                                     In line with our strategy, we remain   acknowledge the leadership of the
                            The Group’s commitment to
                            our omni-retail strategy and             relentless in our efforts to nurture   Group Managing Director and Chief
                            strengthening the business by            closer relationships with our loyal    Executive Officer Anthony Heraghty
                            investing in our store network, team     customers. As flagged last year,       and his experienced management
                            members and relationship with our        we are investing significantly in      team. The business has benefited
                            customers helped drive a strong          personalisation and loyalty over       from the successful execution of a
                            financial performance during the         the next 12 months, including the      well-considered strategy to further
                            reporting period.                        relaunch of the rebel loyalty          strengthen the business.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                4




                         Capital management                        of public ownership has allowed           to improving every day to help
                                                                   tens of thousands of shareholders to      meet our targets and build a more
                         The Board has determined to pay a         share in its success.                     sustainable business.
                         fully franked final ordinary dividend
                         of 44 cents per share, which is at the    In April, we welcomed Mark O’Hare         Looking ahead
                         upper end of the Group’s dividend         as Reg’s replacement on the Board.
                         payout policy. In addition to the final   Mark, who will stand for formal           Given global economic uncertainty
                         ordinary dividend, shareholders           election at the Annual General
                                                                                                             and the ongoing cost-of-living
                         will receive a fully franked special      Meeting on 25 October 2023, is the
                                                                                                             pressures, we can expect the 2024
                         dividend of 25 cents per share.           chairman of the advisory group of
                                                                                                             financial year to present challenging
                         Together with the interim ordinary        Reg’s private investment vehicle. As
                                                                   an experienced corporate adviser          conditions for the retail sector.
                         dividend of 34 cents per share, this
                         represents an aggregate dividend          with a strong understanding of the
                         payment to shareholders in FY23 of        business, Mark has enthusiastically       As we look to the future, the Board
                         103 cents per share.                      embraced his Board duties and             remains focused on positioning




For personal use only
                                                                   responsibilities.                         Super Retail Group for shareholder
                                                                                                             returns over the long term and
                         Board and governance                                                                creating a positive impact on the
                                                                   As shareholders would expect, we
                                                                   continue to evaluate our governance       communities in which we operate.
                         In taking this opportunity to thank
                         all Directors for their sound counsel     arrangements and the mix of
                         and support during the year, it is        expertise and experience among            Whilst retaining the strength of the
                         fitting to acknowledge company            Directors to ensure the Board             balance sheet, we are continuing to
                         founder Reg Rowe. During the              remains well equipped to govern           invest in the business to enhance
                         year, Super Retail Group marked a         and support Anthony and the               our competitive position and
                         milestone in our corporate history,       leadership team. This remains an          generate long-term value for our
                         with Reg’s retirement from the            ongoing priority.                         shareholders. Investments during
                         Board. Shareholders are deeply                                                      FY24 spanning store openings and
                         familiar with his contribution to this    After reviewing the Board standing        refurbishments, loyalty programs,
                         company, not just to its retailing        committees and their respective           and data analytics will help us
                         and financial success but its strong      charters and responsibilities,            maximise the opportunities
                         values and focus on the customer.         Directors resolved to establish           presented by our relationships
                         Along with his late wife Hazel, Reg       a Board Risk and Sustainability           with our loyal club customers that
                         started Super Retail Group more           Committee from September 2023.            together represent one of the
                         than half a century ago and has           At that time the Audit and Risk           largest active club memberships in
                         shaped the culture of the business.       Committee will become the Board           Australia and New Zealand.
                         Today Reg is rightfully recognised as     Audit Committee. The changes
                         a legend of Australian retailing.         reflect the growing significance          Against this backdrop, the strength
                                                                   in the Board’s responsibilities of        of our brands, our experienced
                         Since 1972, Reg has served in             sustainability considerations and the
                                                                                                             leadership team and customer
                         various leadership roles, including as    increasing audit-related workload in
                                                                                                             value proposition instils me with
                         Managing Director, Chair and Non-         relation to sustainability and climate.
                                                                                                             confidence in the prospects for
                         Executive Director of the company
                                                                   The Board has maintained its              Super Retail Group over the medium
                         and remains the largest shareholder
                                                                   focus on providing ethical and            and long term.
                         in the Group. Reg is a committed
                         long-term shareholder and has             sustainable stewardship of our
                         promised to remain a familiar             operations through greater                Thank you to all our customers,
                         face to team members across our           transparency and adopting more            shareholders, partners and team
                         network of stores.                        responsible choices for our               members for your ongoing support.
                                                                   communities. Having strengthened
                         The 2024 financial year marks             our sustainability framework around
                         Super Retail Group’s 20th year as         our commitment to our people,
                         a company listed on the Australian        community, responsible sourcing,
                         Securities Exchange.                      the circular economy and limiting
                                                                   the impact of climate change, the
                         As Reg’s vision for the business          Group continued to report progress
                         evolved into what is unarguably           towards our goals in FY23. We
                                                                                                             Sally Pitkin AO
                         one of Australia’s most impressive        recognise however that we have            Chair
                         corporate growth stories, the benefit     more to do and are committed
                        5                                                                  SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23




For personal use only
                                                                      CEO’s
                                                                      message
                            Dear Shareholders
                            Despite a challenging                     With consumer spending                  Reflecting a post-pandemic channel
                            macroeconomic environment, I              moderating following multiple           shift to in-store customer visits,
                            am pleased to report another year         interest rate rises in both Australia   online sales declined to $445
                            of record sales for Super Retail          and New Zealand to curb inflation,      million. Online remains a significant
                            Group as our four core brands             and a surge in the cost of living       channel, representing 12 per cent
                            strengthened their market position        in both countries, sales growth         of total Group sales, with Click &
                            and our active club member base           moderated in the second half            Collect accounting for about half of
                            surpassed 10 million customers.           of FY23.                                those sales.

                            Sales increased by seven per cent to      Despite this, key performance           The Board has determined to pay a
                            $3.8 billion in the 2023 financial year   measures improved on the prior          fully franked final ordinary dividend
                                                                      year including:                         of 44 cents per share, which is at the
                            driven by the ongoing investment in
                                                                                                              upper end of the company’s target
                            our store network and the success
                            of the rebel rCX and BCF superstore       •   Like-for-like sales up eight        payout range, and a fully franked
                                                                          per cent                            special dividend of 25 cents per
                            formats, and the ongoing growth                                                   share. Together with the interim
                            of our club membership to a record
                                                                      •   Earnings before interest            dividend of 34 cents per share, this
                            10.3 million active customers.                                                    represents aggregate annual FY23
                                                                          and tax up 10 per cent to
                                                                          $438 million                        dividends to shareholders of 103
                            The Super Retail Group team was                                                   cents per share.
                            also instrumental in delivering a         •   Normalised profit before tax up
                            record sales year as we experienced           12 per cent to $391 million         Reg Rowe
                            a significant rebound in customer
                            visits to our stores following the        •   Statutory net profit after tax up   During the year, we marked a
                            end of the COVID-19 pandemic.                 nine per cent to $263 million       momentous change in the history
                            Our dedicated and passionate team                                                 of the Group, with the retirement
                            members continue to help our loyal        •   Normalised net profit after tax     of company founder Reg Rowe from
                            customers live their passion every            up 12 per cent to $274 million      the Board. Reg started Super Retail
                            day and on behalf of the executive                                                Group with his late wife Hazel from
                            team I would like to thank them           •   Statutory Earnings Per Share        their kitchen table more than 50
                            for their efforts over the past 12            (EPS) of 117 cents and              years ago and has been part of the
                            months.                                       normalised EPS of 121 cents.        fabric of the Group ever since.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                             6




                         He has served as Managing Director,      members to better target active         in the period ahead. Given the
                         Chair and Non-Executive Director         customers with products and deals       uncertainty, the Group intends
                         of the company over his journey          that are tailored to their needs.       to maintain a conservative debt
                         with the business and remains the                                                position over the next 12 months.
                         biggest shareholder in the Group.        Corporate strategy                      We had no drawn bank debt and a
                                                                                                          $192 million cash balance at the end
                         During my tenure, as a Non-              An engaged and active customer          of FY23.
                         Executive Director Reg has helped to     base is a key plank of our corporate
                         provide a common-sense ballast to        strategy, which is focused on           During FY23, the Group has
                         our decision-making and his insights     delivering organic growth in our        prudently managed its inventory
                         on retailing are as sharp as they        four core brands and excellence in      levels and our supply chain has
                         were when he started the business.       execution across our store network      continued to normalise after the
                         While Reg concluded his Board            and online retailing.                   disruption of COVID-19.
                         tenure with the company during the
                         year he intends to remain connected      At an investor day during the year,     While the cost of doing business
                         to the business – with regular store     we set out the key elements of          was impacted by growing
                         visits and catch-ups with team                                                   inflationary pressures, the Group




For personal use only
                                                                  Super Retail Group’s investment
                         members.                                 proposition:                            successfully implemented cost
                                                                                                          saving initiatives in sourcing and
                         On behalf of the entire Super Retail     •   A unique portfolio of powerful      workforce management to help
                         Group family, I would like to thank          brands in attractive leisure and    manage its cost base.
                         Reg for his service to the company           lifestyle categories
                         and his dedication to the business.                                              Four core brands
                                                                  •   A large and growing customer
                         Large and loyal                              loyalty base                        Our four core brands continued
                         customer base                                                                    to lead their categories and grow
                                                                  •   An engaged and passionate           market share with record sales in
                         Our growing, active customer base            team                                FY23. During the year we opened
                         remains a key driver of our strong                                               24 new stores.
                         financial performance. Active            •   A national network of stores
                         club membership increased by 12              in Australia and New Zealand,       Supercheap Auto capitalised on
                         per cent as we added more than               which gives us extensive            record active club members and an
                         one million participants in FY23,            customer reach                      extensive refurbishment program
                         breaking through the 10 million club                                             that saw 37 stores upgraded to
                         members mark for the first time.         •   An efficient omni-retail model      our next generation format, and
                                                                                                          recorded its best NPS score at the
                         Our active club members are our          •   A highly cash generative            end of the year.
                         highest spending and most loyal              business
                         customers, comprising 73 per                                                     Supercheap Auto undertook a
                         cent of total sales for the year,        •   A conglomerate model creating       record 769,000 in-store fitments
                         and represent some of our most               operating synergies.                as we continued to assist our
                         satisfied consumers. Club member                                                 customers with basic car care
                         Net Promoter Scores have steadily        Our strategic investments during the    services and added more than
                         increased from 60 in FY19 to 67          pandemic have helped us emerge          550,000 active club members
                         in FY23.                                 as a better business after the          through the year.
                                                                  pandemic. We have invested over
                         We are leveraging our significant        $380 million over the past four years   Australia’s favourite sports store
                         club member data to increasingly         in our four core brands, enhancing      rebel opened four new stores in
                         personalise our communications           the Group’s omni-capability,            regional areas and its 15th rCX store
                         with these customers, enhancing          improving customer loyalty and          during the year as the popularity of
                         their shopping experience and            updating the store network to           the new format continued to attract
                         generating additional value for          capitalise on the growth in our         strong customer interest. Our three
                         the Group.                               leisure and lifestyle categories.       best performing rCX stores each
                                                                                                          achieved sales in excess of
                         In the first half of the new financial   With a robust balance sheet             $20 million.
                         year, we will re-energise our rebel      and ongoing sales and customer
                         loyalty program with new member          growth, our decision to invest has      During the year we successfully
                         propositions and branding and will       set up the business for continued       launched the BCF superstore
                         also commence a personalisation          success despite the macroeconomic       format in Townsville and Kawana in
                         pilot with Supercheap Auto club          environment remaining challenging       Queensland. In a great result for the
                        7                                                               SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23




                            business, the Townsville superstore     We are proud to be recognised as         for our Aboriginal and Torres
                            is on track to achieve $20 million in   one of the three retailers awarded       Strait Islander team members and
                            sales in its first year.                the WGEA Employer of Choice for          stakeholders.
                                                                    Gender Equality citation, reflecting
                            BCF recorded ten per cent sales         our unwavering commitment to             The year ahead
                            growth in the fishing category          gender equality. Embracing diversity
                            as Australia’s love affair with         is vital for the success of our          With cost-of-living pressures
                            recreational angling continued to       business and reflects our dedication     continuing to impact both Australia
                            grow and the business strengthened      towards a more equal future.             and New Zealand, the outlook
                            ties with leading brands and key                                                 for the next 12 months remains
                            partners.                               Sustainability                           challenging.

                            There are now 89 stores in the          We are making solid progress on          We remain confident in our ability
                            Macpac network across Australia         our sustainability agenda, which is      to execute the Group’s strategy and
                            and New Zealand, with six new           focused on supporting our people         to perform through the peaks and
                            stores opening during the year.         and limiting the impact of our           troughs of the economic cycle, but




For personal use only
                            Macpac products are also now            operations and products on the           we recognise the potential for rising
                            stocked in 200 rebel and BCF stores     environment.                             interest rates and increased cost of
                            across Australia, which has helped                                               living pressures to impact consumer
                            grow brand awareness and sales.         We were again included in the S&P        demand.
                                                                    Global Sustainability Yearbook 2023
                            In FY23, Macpac achieved record full    and performed in the top quartile in     As a Group we are confident
                            year sales in excess of $200 million    the Retail industry in the S&P Global    we are well positioned to manage
                            on the back of 20 per cent-plus         Corporate Sustainability Assessment.     the economic turbulence ahead
                            growth in customer transactions.                                                 through an excellent value
                                                                    As a Group, we have set a                proposition for our loyal and
                            We have a strong pipeline of 24         decarbonisation target of zero Scope     growing customer base.
                            additional stores in FY24 as our        1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas
                            network continues to be the             emissions by 2030, which includes        Our ongoing investment in our store
                            backbone of our omni strategy.          the emissions generated by our           network, further refurbishments
                                                                    operations and from the energy           and enhancements to customer
                            Passionate and                          we use.                                  loyalty programs will support Group
                                                                                                             revenue in FY24. While inflation has
                            engaged team                            We reduced both emission types           slightly moderated in recent times,
                                                                    against our FY17 base year by 26         it remains high and will flow through
                            I am delighted to report that our       per cent through initiatives including   to wages, rent, energy and other
                            team members – the heart and soul       the LED lighting upgrades in our         costs and ultimately will result in a
                            of our business – continue to be        stores, offices and distribution         higher cost of doing business.
                            highly engaged with the business.       centres, expanding behind-the-
                            We recorded engagement scores           meter solar programs and an energy       We have strong brands in resilient
                            of 81 and 80, both above the            efficiency program for new and           categories such as auto and sports
                            Achievers® benchmark for team           refurbished stores.                      and a strong balance sheet that
                            members.                                                                         will enable us to support the
                                                                    With an increasing focus on              organic growth of the business. I
                            An engaged and effective team is        climate-related disclosures, we          am confident we will continue to
                            critical to sales growth and customer   are pleased this year to disclose        inspire our customers to live their
                            satisfaction, so these scores in our    our increasing alignment to              passion and deliver value for our
                            two team member surveys during          the Task Force on Climate-               shareholders in the year ahead.
                            the year were particularly pleasing.    related Financial Disclosures
                                                                    recommendations for the first
                            We have devoted considerable time       time. These recommendations
                            and resources to improving our          cover governance, strategy, risk
                            workforce planning and rostering        management, metrics and targets.
                            systems so that our team members
                            can focus on serving customers and      Over the next 12 months, we also
                            less time on paperwork. Our new         plan to develop our inaugural Reflect
                            systems make it easier for our team     Reconciliation Action Plan to help
                            members to do their jobs and get        guide the business as we seek to         Anthony Heraghty
                            the right number of team members        advance the cause of reconciliation      Group Managing Director and
                            in stores at the right time.            and deliver meaningful initiatives       Chief Executive Officer
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                                            8




                        CONGRATULATIONS
                        REG

                        For Super Retail Group, the                              He was Chairman from 1996 to                     shareholder and will continue to be
                        retirement of company founder Reg                        2004 and a Non-Executive Director                a familiar face to our team members
                        Rowe from the Board during the                           since the Company’s listing on the               through his regular visits to our stores
                        financial year marked a momentous                        Australian Securities Exchange                   and offices.
                        chapter in the evolution of the                          in 2004.
                        business.                                                                                                 Everyone at Super Retail Group
                                                                                 Given Reg has held formal roles with             congratulates Reg on his achievement
                        With his late wife Hazel, Reg founded                    the business for more than 50 years,             in building one of Australia’s most




For personal use only
                        Super Retail Group’s original business                   his retirement from the Board was                successful retail businesses and
                        in 1972 and served as Managing                           significant. However, Reg intends                wishes him all the best for the next
                        Director until 1996.                                     to remain a Super Retail Group                   phase of his life.




                              4 April 2023


                              Hi Team,
                              Today I’m writing to let you know that I have decided to retire from the Board of
                              Super Retail Group.
                              While I’ll continue to be around the business, after 50 years in formal roles with the
                              company, it’s time to take more of a back seat. You’ll probably still see me in stores
                              making sure you’ve got enough stock and signage, and I’ll continue to be a committed
                              long‐term shareholder, I just won’t be at the Board table from today.
                              This wasn’t an easy call to make but deep down I know it’s the right decision. I’m sure
                              everyone would agree that 50 years is a good innings.
                              It’s been an amazing ride. When Hazel and I were packing and posting boxes at our dinner
                              table 50 years ago, we never thought our small mail‐order business would become one of
                              Australia and New Zealand’s most successful retail companies. But here we are, a billion‐
                              dollar business with more than 700 stores. Wow.
                              I’m also very confident that we’re in safe hands for continued success over the long term.
                              Sally and the Board have the right strategy in place to grow the business and deliver for
                              shareholders. Anthony is an outstanding Chief Executive and he has assembled a highly
                              capable executive team. I am certain the Board will continue to provide Anthony and his team
                              with the guidance and support necessary for the company to keep kicking goals.
                              On days like today when I stop to reflect on what Super Retail Group has become, I’m truly
                              humbled. It’s a wonderful Australian story, built on hard work, an incredibly dedicated team
                              and a passion to deliver for our customers. I am so proud that the customer‐first approach we
                              had when we first started the business remains at the core of the way we work.
                              I would like to thank the three Chairs who have stewarded the company so well since I
                              handed over the reins – Dick, Robert and Sally. I also want to thank the CEOs I have worked
                              alongside – Bob, Peter and Anthony – who have grown the business over three decades.
                              But most importantly, I would like to thank you, the dedicated team members of Super Retail
                              Group who have been with me side‐by-side as we have built this great company. I personally
                              know many of you who’ve been with us for decades, sharing in our success. Thank you
                              so much.
                              As I sign off for the final time as a Board member, I can assure you I will continue to be a part
                              of the business. I’ll always be popping in to stores to fill up my shed or plan my next trip.
                              Thank you again for everything. It’s been magic.




                              Reg                                                                                                  Reg Rowe, 1993
                                                                                                                                   In November 2022, the Large Format Retail
                                                                                                                                   Association recognised Reg as the inaugural
                                                                                                                                   winner of the Lifetime Achievement Award
                        9                                                                   SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23



                        ABOUT
                        US

                        Super Retail Group Limited (ASX:SUL) is the proud owner of
                        four iconic brands: Supercheap Auto, rebel, BCF and Macpac,
                        and is one of Australia and New Zealand’s largest retailers.




                                                                                                            15,599
                        Our powerful brands have leading positions in growing high
                        involvement lifestyle categories of auto, sports, and outdoor
                        leisure. We provide our customers and highly engaged
                        ten million active loyalty club members with the option to
                        experience our brands whenever and however they choose –
                        whether that’s through our network of 736 stores or via                              TEAM MEMBERS
                        Click & Collect or home delivery.




For personal use only
                                 736                                   4                                 7                             3
                                   STORES                          SUPPORT                      DISTRIBUTION                   COUNTRIES OF
                                                                    OFFICES                        CENTRES                      OPERATION




                            Supercheap Auto is Australia    rebel is Australia’s leading      BCF is a leading outdoor       Macpac is New Zealand’s
                            and New Zealand’s favourite     sporting goods retailer with      retailer with 157 stores       original, technical outdoor
                            specialty automotive parts      159 stores across Australia.      across Australia.              brand, delivering quality
                            and accessories retail          Through rich digital and                                         gear, made responsibly,
                            business. With 331 stores,      in-store experiences,             With expert knowledge          and trusted to last. Tested
                            we provide a wide range         customers from all walks          and service, we provide        and proven in the ultimate
                            of service parts, tools,        of life can harness the           everything you need for your   outdoor test lab – New
                            and accessories, as well as     transformative power of           next boating, camping, or      Zealand – our gear is
                            products for the garage,        sport. With a broad range of      fishing adventure, all under   designed to equip outdoor
                            travel, touring and outdoors.   quality product and expert        the one roof.                  enthusiasts to adventure
                                                            knowledge, rebel inspires all                                    better. Launched in 1973,
                                                            Australians to achieve their                                     Macpac has 89 stores
                                                            sporting dreams and passions.                                    across Australia and New
                                                                                                                             Zealand and is committed to
                                                                                                                             delivering a great customer
                                                                                                                             experience with expert
                                                                                                                             advice.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                             10




                         Our vision, mission and values




For personal use only
                          About this report                          Corporate governance                    Sustainability
                          This Annual Report is a summary            Super Retail Group is committed         Our FY23 Sustainability Report
                          of the operations, activities and          to establishing and maintaining         provides stakeholders with
                          performance of Super Retail Group          corporate governance standards that     information regarding our approach
                          Limited (ABN 81 108 676 204) (the          protect and enhance the sustainable     to environmental, social and
                          Company or Super Retail Group) and         performance of the Group, taking        governance (ESG)-related risks
                          its subsidiaries (the Group) for the       into account the interests of           and progress against our
                          financial year ended 1 July 2023. The      our stakeholders, as well as the        sustainability goals.
                          financial year for FY23 represents a       communities and environments in
                          52-week period.                            which we operate.                       In 2022, we refreshed our
                                                                                                             Sustainability Framework (2030).
                          In this Annual Report, references          Our FY23 Corporate Governance           Informed by a materiality assessment,
                          to ‘we’, ‘us’, ‘our’ and ‘Group’ refer     Statement discloses how we have         our new framework has a greater
                          to the Company and its subsidiaries.       complied with the ASX Corporate         focus on our people and our planet,
                          References in this report to ‘the year’,   Governance Council’s Corporate          is driven by our vision and connected
                          ‘the period’ or ‘the reporting period’     Governance Principles and               to our stakeholders. It has five
                          are to the financial year ended 1 July     Recommendations (4th edition)           priority areas: Team, Community,
                          2023 (FY23), and comparisons of            for the reporting period. This          Responsible Sourcing, Circular
                          FY23 performance are by reference to       statement has been lodged with          Economy and Climate.
                          the financial year ended 2 July 2022,      ASX and is available in the Corporate
                          unless otherwise stated.                   Governance section of our website at    The FY23 Sustainability Report is
                                                                     https://www.superretailgroup.com.       available on the Company’s website at
                          All dollar figures are expressed           au/investors-and-media/corporate-       https://www.superretailgroup.com.au.
                          in Australian dollars, unless              governance/.
                          otherwise stated.

                          Super Retail Group is conscious of
                          reducing the environmental footprint
                          associated with the production of
                          the Annual Report, and printed
                          copies are only posted to
                          shareholders who have elected to
                          receive a printed copy.
                        11                             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23



                        FY23 PERFORMANCE
                        HIGHLIGHTS




For personal use only
                                                    $3.8b         Group sales




                                 7%             $438m                       $391m
                              SALES GROWTH      NORMALISED EBIT            NORMALISED PBT




                             $274m               $263m                        103¢
                             NORMALISED NET      STATUTORY NET              DIVIDENDS PER
                             PROFIT AFTER TAX   PROFIT AFTER TAX             SHARE, FULLY
                                                                               FRANKED
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                     12



                        CUSTOMER LOYALTY AND
                        OMNI-RETAIL EXECUTION

                        Online sales growth
                        (4-YR CAGR to FY23)



                                                                             18%               20%           25%
                                                                                                            Click & Collect

                                                         22%
                                                                             Supercheap         rebel
                                                                                Auto




For personal use only
                                                   Total Group online

                                                                             29%               32%
                                                                                               Macpac
                                                                                                             19%
                                                                                                            Home delivery
                                                                                BCF




                        Customer loyalty (FY23)



                                          10.3m
                                            Active club members
                                                                                   67
                                                                                   Average
                                                                                customer NPS
                                                                                                        73%
                                                                                                         Active club
                                                                                                        member % of
                                                                                                        Group sales




                        Sales by channel (FY23)



                                                              Click &
                                                              Collect                     48%           Click & Collect
                                                                                                        % of total
                                                                                                        online sales



                                      88%
                                                                        6%

                                        In-store sales                  6%
                                                               Home
                                                             delivery                     52%           Home delivery
                                                                                                        % of total
                                                                                                        online sales
                        13                   SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23



                        OUR
                        STRATEGY




For personal use only
                                        Growing
                                         annual
                                        customer
                                          value

                                                          Ensuring
                             PRIMARY                       organic
                              VALUE                      growth and
                              LEVERS                       capital
                                                          discipline

                                        Being an
                                         efficient
                                       omni-retailer
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                14



                                               Five strategic drivers


                                              1
                                                     GROW THE FOUR                       Progress (since 2019):
                                                                                         • Opened 66 new stores
                                                     CORE BRANDS                         • Over 70 store refurbishments
                                                     Focus on four core brands,          • Successfully introduced multiple new store formats:
                                                     key categories and                    ― rebel rCX flagship stores
                                                                                           ― Supercheap Auto next generation
                                                     leveraging scale.                     ― BCF superstore and small formats
                                                                                         • Rolling out rebel and BCF regional store expansion
                                                                                         • Introduced Macpac product into BCF and rebel stores
                                                                                         • Extended range by leveraging key brands
                                                                                         • Solidified relationships with global trade partners




                                              2
                                                     LEVERAGE CLOSENESS TO               Progress (since 2019):
                                                                                         • Grown active club membership to more than 10m members
                                                     OUR CUSTOMER                        • Club member sales have grown faster than total sales




For personal use only
                                                     Building a personalised             • Completed customer value propositions for all brands
                                                     relationship with our               • Developed data science capability
                                                                                         • Commenced a personalisation trial in BCF which continues
                                                     customers, capitalising on          • On track to launch new rebel loyalty program in H1 FY24
                                                     data and insights.                  • Successfully completed loyalty test-and-learns in
                                                                                           Supercheap Auto and rebel
                                                                                         • Improved pricing and promotional execution through
                                                                                           analytical insights




                                              3
                                                     CONNECTED OMNI-RETAIL               Progress (since 2019):
                                                                                         • Consolidated distribution centres
                                                     SUPPLY CHAIN                        • Implemented a single warehouse management system
                                                     Continuing to build a               • Established order management system to orchestrate
                                                     fit-for-purpose integrated            online orders and improve customer experience
                                                                                         • Opened online high fulfilment stores to improve splits
                                                     supply chain.                         and on-time delivery
                                                                                         • Implemented international freight system with
                                                                                           new partners
                                                                                         • Continuously enhancing our proactive safety approach
                                                                                           and driving Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate
                                                                                           (TRIFR) improvement




                                              4
                                                     SIMPLIFY THE BUSINESS       Progress (since 2019):
                                                                                 • Implemented workforce planning solution to underpin right
                                                     Becoming a more efficient     rostering and enable optimisation of our workforce
                                                     and effective omni-retailer • Established quantitative pricing capability to improve pricing,
                                                     through optimising            markdown and clearance outcomes
                                                                                 • Re-platformed gift cards
                                                     overhead and focusing on
                                                                                 • Fully migrated IT services to public cloud
                                                     customer-facing investment. • Closed or exited non-core businesses (Rays, Infinite Retail,
                                                                                           AutoGuru, AutoCrew)
                                                                                         • Centralised operating capability in marketing, loyalty,
                                                                                           planning, digital and technology




                                              5
                                                     EXCEL IN OMNI-RETAIL                Progress (since 2019):
                                                                                         • Leveraged our store network to grow Click & Collect sales
                                                     Enhancing our customer                faster than home delivery
                                                     experience through all              • Elevated the look and feel of our brand websites
                                                     touchpoints along the               • Utilised AI to provide online product recommendations
                                                                                         • Harmonised online and in-store gross margin contribution –
                                                     customer journey.                     agnostic as to which channels customers choose to shop
                                                                                         • Developed team expertise both in-store and online through
                                                                                           training and education
                        15                                                              SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23


                        OUR
                        COMMUNITIES

                                                                                                                      BE A HERO FOR
                                                                                                                      HEARTKIDS!
                                                                                                                                                                          19
                                                                                                                                                                     12 - 18
                                                                                                                                                                     13
                                                                                                                                                                    JUNE ‘23




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                               Register for Hero
                                                                                                                                                               for HeartKids at
                                                                                                                                                               heartkids.org.au




                                                                                                                DONATE TODAY AT THE FRONT COUNTER
                                                                                                             Supercheap Auto is a Major Partner of HeartKids




                             Supercheap Auto’s                       Supercheap Auto is also a major
                             charitable partners                     partner of HeartKids Limited, an      Lifeline and the positive
                                                                     Australian charity that aims to       impact of sport on mental
                                                                     raise awareness, funding, and
                             The Supercheap Auto team not
                                                                     support for children, teenagers and
                                                                                                           health
                             only inspires customers to live their
                                                                     adults living with congenital heart
                             passion but supports the community      disease nationally. Supercheap Auto   In the financial year, rebel
                             through charity fundraising,            directly supports HeartKids and       continued its support of Lifeline
                             partnerships and education and          provides donation opportunities for   with a highly successful campaign
                             awareness programs in conjunction       customers at selected stores.         to raise awareness of the benefits
                             with leading Australian and New                                               of physical activity for mental health
                             Zealand charities and community         In New Zealand, Supercheap            and wellbeing.
                             organisations.                          Auto has had an association with
                                                                     HeartKids for more than a decade,     The partnership, originally launched
                             During FY23, Supercheap Auto            with customers and team members       in 2021, harnesses the powerful,
                             donated $50,000 to each of its          helping raise NZD$228,000, with a     positive impact of physical activity
                             Australian charity partners, Beyond     matched donation by Supercheap        on mental health and suicide
                             Blue, HeartKids and the Australian      Auto New Zealand of NZD$50,000.       prevention.
                             Road Safety Foundation. Across the      Customers make in-store donations
                             Supercheap Auto store network           for HeartKids New Zealand, with       Studies have also found that
                                                                     selected stores also participating    participation in physical activity
                             in Australia, customers and team
                                                                     in additional activities to raise     is linked to higher self-esteem,
                             members donated $326,000, with
                                                                     awareness for kids, teens, adults,    better social skills, fewer depressive
                             the business matching customer
                                                                     and families affected by childhood    symptoms, and higher confidence.
                             donations for each charity to
                                                                     heart conditions.                     The social nature of team sport is
                             contribute a total of $114,000.                                               associated with better mental health
                             The Australian stores that raised                                             outcomes, through connection and
                                                                     Enabling customers to be safe
                             the most amount of money for                                                  collaboration with others.
                                                                     on the roads is also a priority for
                             any of the three charities, also
                                                                     Supercheap Auto. During the year,
                             contributed another $10,000 to          Supercheap Auto made a significant    Since 2021, rebel has donated
                             the organisations, on behalf of         donation to long-term partner, the    $1.2 million to Lifeline and this year
                             Supercheap Auto.                        Australian Road Safety Foundation,    the business became a Principal
                                                                     and also facilitated customer         Partner of the mental health support
                             As a multi-year partner of Beyond       donations in selected stores. All     service, joining three other major
                             Blue, Supercheap Auto also made a       donations made by customers and       Australian companies.
                             significant contribution to Beyond      team members go directly to the
                             Blue’s 24/7 support service, and at     Foundation to further develop its     rebel sponsors the ‘Be Active’
                             selected stores, facilitates customer   road safety awareness programs,       fundraising portal on Lifeline
                             donations for the mental health         driver education, advocacy, and       Australia’s website, which allows
                             organisation.                           community engagement campaigns.       the public to fundraise through
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                     16




For personal use only
                         challenger events and sports. In          considered functionally extinct.         In August 2022, Macpac announced
                         October each year, the business also      Reduced or at-risk habitat results in    its support for the Te Ahu Pātiki
                         runs a major fundraising event, which     fewer fish surviving, thriving, and      Charitable Trust, through a three-
                         promotes the benefits of sport for        breeding and that impacts every          year Fund for Good grant. The
                         mental health.                            fishing trip.                            Trust safeguards Te Ahu Pātiki,
                                                                                                            500-hectares of land on Te Pātaka-o-
                         Insights from Super Retail Group’s        BCF’s annual Small Change 4 Big          Rākaihautū Banks Peninsula, located
                         engagement surveys and feedback on        Change donation drive weekend            close to Macpac’s support office in
                         the Group’s internal communications       was another record-breaking event,       Ōtautahi Christchurch. This newly
                         platform, Workplace, shows that           raising $81,000 for OzFish. During       established public conservation park
                         rebel team members are proud of           FY23, in-store donations by customers    includes the highest peaks in the
                         the partnership and the important         raised $634,000 in total.                wider Christchurch area, Te Ahu Pātiki
                         contribution it is making to the                                                   Mt Herbert and Mt Bradley.
                         mental health and wellbeing of many       In October 2022, BCF launched an
                         Australians.                              online donations tool to raise further   The Trust’s mission is to preserve
                                                                   funds for OzFish and their mission       biodiversity and support enduring
                         OzFish - better habitat,                  to improve fishing outcomes around       public access to these summits. The
                         better fishing                            the country. As well as supporting       Fund for Good grant will support
                                                                   OzFish through donations, many BCF       predator control, fencing, track
                         BCF is committed to supporting            team members are dedicated OzFish        maintenance, and other projects
                         and increasing fish populations           volunteers contributing valuable         that enable the land to return
                         and five years ago partnered with         hours to projects including shellfish    to native forest over the coming
                         OzFish Unlimited, a not-for-profit        reef restoration in Moreton Bay and      decades, as well as securing access
                         organisation dedicated to the             removal of invasive flora and litter     for recreational use for future
                         protection and restoration of             from local waterways.                    generations.
                         Australian waterways. BCF and OzFish
                         work together to improve the health       Fund for Good - Te Ahu Pātiki
                         of fish and wildlife resources for
                         generations to come. The partnership      The Macpac Fund for Good actively
                                                                                                            Images
                         has restored habitats, helping to         involves its team members and
                                                                   customers in strengthening local         Lifeline and rebel’s partnership.
                         create healthy rivers, lakes, and
                         oceans, with programs that have           communities by providing financial       Supercheap Auto’s “Be a Hero for HeartKids”
                         increased wildlife populations for        and gear grants (apparel and             campaign.
                         many native species.                      equipment). The fund supports            ‘Small change 4 Big Change’ campaign for
                                                                   non-profit organisations that focus      OzFish weekend.
                         Fish habitats have experienced more       on issues such as the preservation       BCF team member, volunteering for OzFish
                         than 200 years of habitat destruction,    and restoration of native plants and     creating oyster shell habitats.
                         jeopardising the future of recreational   animals, adventure-based education       The summits of Te Ahu Pātiki Mt Herbert and Mt
                         fishing. Many of these vital habitats     and outdoor therapy, as well as          Bradley across the harbour. Image credit: Sam
                         are not just threatened but are           Indigenous community initiatives.        Barrow
                        17                                                  SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23



                        FY23 ESG
                        HIGHLIGHTS




For personal use only
                        Achievements




                             Holder of the WGEA’s Employer   Dow Jones Sustainability Index
                             of Choice for Gender Equality   score of 57, placing the Group
                             citation for the second         in the top quartile within the
                             consecutive period              DJSI retail sector




                             ‘AA’ rating from the MSCI       Rated as Advanced under the       Macpac achieved Toitū
                                                             Australian Packaging Covenant     carbonreduce certification
                                                             Organisation (APCO)
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                    18




                            People
                                                                81 and 80                          11.0                            >3,300
                                                            Engagement survey scores      Total Recordable Injury           Number of team members
                                                            for September 2022 and        Frequency Rate (TRIFR)            participating in the “I Am
                                                            February 2023 above                                             Here” program
                                                            Achievers* benchmark          A 3.5% per cent increase
                                                                                          from prior year (10.7)**




                                      38%                            43%                           38%                            3 years
                             Female representation at       Female representation at      Female representation at          Partnership established
                             senior leadership level        Board level                   executive leadership level        between BCF and Clontarf
                                                                                                                            Foundation and Stars
                                                                                                                            Foundation, to help young
                                                                                                                            First Nations people




For personal use only
                                 $578,000                      $350,000                    NZD    $50,000                *Achievers is a global expert
                                                                                                                         in employee recognition and
                                                                                                                         engagement
                              rebel donated to Lifeline     Supercheap Auto donated       Macpac and Supercheap Auto
                              and helped customers          to Beyond Blue, HeartKids     NZ donation to Red Cross       **This is attributed mainly to
                              raise a further $60,355, as   Australia, HeartKids New      NZ Disaster Fund to support    higher team member turnover
                              part of our commitment to     Zealand and the Australian    North Island flood victims.    due in part to the competitive
                              mental health support         Road Safety Foundation        Macpac helped customers        labour market and increased
                                                                                          raise a further NZD$5,512      volumes, and therefore, manual
                                                                                                                         handling of product


                            Planet



                                       26%                           11%                            58%                       1,494,200L
                             Reduction in greenhouse        Reduction in greenhouse       Diversion rate across our         Recycled litres of oil through
                             gas emissions (Scopes 1 and    gas emissions (Scopes 1 and   stores, support offices, and      Supercheap Auto
                             2) from the FY17 base year     2) from FY22                  distribution centres




                                  125,027                         81,643                         >1.6m                                 3%
                             Recycled car batteries         Recycled pairs of shoes       Bags refused through             Percentage reduction of total
                             through Supercheap Auto        through rebel and Macpac’s    Macpac’s “Refuse a Bag”          electricity use to 78,357 MWh
                                                            in-store collection           program reaching a major
                                                                                          milestone since the program
                                                                                          began in 2018




                                                                                                                               BEST
                               100 stores                      $166,000                       $350,000                      PARTNERSHIP
                             Received new LED lighting      Grants and gear provided      Contributed to OzFish and        OzFish and BCF were awarded
                             (13% of our Group fleet)       through Macpac Fund           helped customers raise a         the Best Partnership Award at
                                                            for Good                      further $634,000 through         the 10th World Recreational
                                                                                          BCF for OzFish’s restoration     Fishing Conference for this
                                                                                          projects                         continued collaboration


                                                                                                                                          As at 1 July 2023
                        19                                                   SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23



                        REVIEW OF
                        OPERATIONS
                        AND FY23
                        PERFORMANCE
                        Year in review


                                                         Overview




For personal use only
                                                         Super Retail Group delivered another year of record sales in the period, up
                                                         7 per cent on FY22 (up 9 per cent Adjusted) as we continued the successful
                                                         execution of the Group strategy. We grew our core brands with new store
                                                         openings and refurbishments; we leveraged our closeness to our customers
                 Background                              with strong growth in our club memberships to 10.3 million active members;
                                                         and we maintained strong investment in our online sales capabilities and
                 The intention is to provide the user    leveraged our store networks to support digital sales. Following a strong first
                 of the financial information with       half performance cycling a COVID-19 impacted first half in FY22, sales growth
                 meaningful comparatives for analysis.   moderated in the second half as higher interest rates and increased cost of
                 When reviewing the financial results    living expenses began to impact consumer spending.
                 of the Group, the following factors
                 require consideration:                  Pleasingly, despite growing              •    The Board has determined to pay
                                                         inflationary pressure, the Group              a special dividend of 25 cents
                 - FY23 comprised a 52-week trading      delivered a normalised profit before          per share in addition to a final
                   period as compared to 53-weeks        tax margin of 10.3 per cent, higher           ordinary dividend of 44 cents per
                   for FY22. An unaudited non-IFRS       than FY22, with Normalised profit             share, both fully franked.
                   comparative (“Adjusted”) has been     before tax (PBT) of $390.6 million.
                   provided, which adjusts FY22 down     This was up $41.0 million or 11.7 per    Omni-retail strategy and
                   to 52 weeks and compares against
                   the FY23 result;
                                                         cent on FY22, with the following key     cycling the impact of
                                                         drivers:                                 COVID-19
                 - This annual report references         •   Some easing in global                The strength of the omni-retail
                   like-for-like sales growth, which         supply chain disruption saw
                                                                                                  strategy allows the Group to leverage
                   compares sales for weeks 1 to 52          normalisation of offshore freight
                                                                                                  the convenience and accessibility of
                   in FY23 with sales for weeks 2 to         rates. Domestic supply chain
                                                                                                  a national store network to provide
                   53 in FY22 for stores that were           conditions however remained
                                                                                                  customers with the flexibility to
                   open for more than one year;              challenging due to high labour
                                                                                                  purchase in-store or online. This was
                                                             costs, limited availability of
                                                                                                  evident in the first half of the year
                 - COVID-19 lockdowns affected the           transport and constraints on
                   first half of FY22; and                                                        as the business experienced a strong
                                                             pallet supply.
                                                                                                  recovery in store traffic and a shift
                 - An unaudited non-IFRS
                                                         •   While cost of doing business         from online sales back to in-store
                   reconciliation of statutory profit        was impacted by growing              sales. Second-half sales growth
                   after tax to normalised net profit        inflationary pressure on wages,      moderated as the business cycled a
                   after tax (“Normalised”) has been         electricity and rent, particularly   more normal trading period in FY22.
                   provided.                                 in the second half, the Group        Sales growth was achieved in all
                                                             successfully implemented cost        brands for the year.
                                                             saving initiatives in sourcing and
                                                             workforce management to help         Group costs
                                                             manage its cost base.
                                                                                                  Group and Unallocated costs of $34.6
                                                         •   The Group expanded its store         million decreased by $3.9 million
                                                             network, with 24 new stores          compared with FY22. Consistent with
                                                             opened during the period.            Group strategy, significant expenses
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                          20




                                                                                                                SALES ($m)


                                                                                                                $3,803m
                                                                      STORES


                                                                      736
                                                                                                                 FY23    $3,803m
                                                                                                                 FY222   $3,551m
                                                                                                                 FY21    $3,453m
                                                                                                                 FY20    $2,825m
                                                                                                                 FY19    $2,710m



                                                                                                                 ACTIVE CLUB MEMBERS (m)
                                   NORMALISED
                                   PROFIT BEFORE
                                   TAX (PBT)
                                                                       IN–STORE % OF
                                                                       TOTAL SALES                               10.3m
                                 $391m 88%




For personal use only
                                                                                                                 FY23    10.3m
                                                                                                                 FY222   9.2m
                                                                                                                 FY21    8.0m
                                                                                                                 FY20    6.6m
                                                                                                                 FY19    6.1m



                                                                                                                 ACTIVE CLUB MEMBERS
                                   CLICK & COLLECT                     HOME DELIVERY                             % OF TOTAL SALES


                                                                                                                 73%
                                   % OF TOTAL SALES                    % OF TOTAL SALES


                                   6%                                  6%                                        FY23    73%
                                                                                                                 FY222   70%
                                                                                                                 FY21    63%
                                                                                                                 FY20    59%
                                                                                                                 FY19    57%
                        Group results
                         $m                                FY23       FY22           Change    Adjusted          NORMALISED PBT MARGIN (%)


                                                                                                                 10.3%
                                                      (52 weeks) (53 weeks)                    change (1)
                         Revenue from continuing          3,802.6       3,550.9         7.1%           9.1%
                         operations
                         Statutory profit for the           263.0          241.2        9.0%       10.7%
                         period after tax                                                                        FY23    10.3%
                         Segment earnings before            438.0         396.6       10.4%        12.0%         FY222   9.8%
                                                                                                                 FY21    12.6%
                         interest and taxes (EBIT)
                                                                                                                 FY20    7.4%
                         % to sales                         11.5%         11.2%                                  FY193   7.6%
                         Segment normalised                 390.6          349.6      11.7%        13.4%
                         profit before taxes
                         (PBT)                                                                                   ONLINE SALES ($m)
                         % to sales
                         Normalised net profit
                         after tax (NPAT)
                                                            10.3%
                                                            273.5
                                                                           9.8%
                                                                           244.1      12.0%        13.7%         $445m
                         Operating cash flow                716.4          340.4     110.5%        83.8%         FY23    $445m
                         Earnings per share                 116.5          106.8        9.1%            n/a      FY222   $601m
                                                                                                                 FY21    $416m
                         (EPS) – basic (cents)
                                                                                                                 FY20    $291m
                         Dividends per share                103.0           70.0      47.1%             n/a      FY19    $201m
                         (cents)
                         (1) Adjusted change is an unaudited non-IFRS measure adjusting FY22 down to          (2) FY22 was a 53-week period.
                         52 weeks to provide a more meaningful comparative to FY23.                           (3) Pre AASB16.
                        21                                                                SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23



                        were incurred on customer loyalty.           equated to 21 per cent, consistent        financial statements and will be
                        Increased loyalty costs represent            with pre-COVID-19 levels. Trade and       recognised in the FY24 financial
                        the investment in the lead-up to the         other payables were $38.7 million         statements.
                        relaunch of brand loyalty programs,          higher than FY22, due to underlying
                                                                                                               The amount of the final dividend,
                        beginning with rebel in                      trade creditor movements as the
                                                                                                               together with the interim dividend,
                        the first half of FY24.                      timing and volume of inventory
                                                                                                               represents an ordinary dividend
                        An adjustment of $1.8 million for            movements moderated. The net
                                                                                                               payout ratio of 64 per cent of the full
                        Autoguru Australia Pty Ltd reflected         working capital position moderated
                                                                                                               year underlying NPAT.
                        the proceeds received from the sale          to $326.3 million, down $55.7 million
                                                                     compared with FY22.                       The Group is continuing to target a
                        of all the Group’s shares in Autoguru
                        Australia Pty Ltd following the write                                                  long-term bank debt gearing position
                                                                     The Group had no drawn bank debt
                        down of the Group’s investment in                                                      of between zero and 0.5 times net
                                                                     at the end of the year.
                        that business in the second half of                                                    debt / EBITDA position (pre AASB-16).
                        FY22. Interest received in the period        Debt management and                       Outlook
                        totalled $3.7 million, due to the            financing
                        strong cash position and the higher                                                    The Group is preparing for a more
                        interest rate environment.                   During the reporting period, the          challenging macro environment to
                                                                     Group refinanced its bank debt            affect consumer spending in FY24.




For personal use only
                        Cash flow                                    funding facility, extending tenor
                                                                     and reducing the value of the             Inflation and higher interest rates
                        The Group finished the year in a                                                       are putting pressure on household
                                                                     overall facility to $550 million. The
                        net cash position of $192.3 million                                                    budgets and household savings are
                                                                     combination of the net cash position
                        compared with $13.4 million in FY22.                                                   being depleted, despite continuing
                                                                     and committed debt facilities
                        The increase in net cash was due to                                                    low unemployment. Increased cost
                                                                     provides substantial liquidity capacity
                        strong operating cash flows of $716.4                                                  of living pressures are expected to
                                                                     for the Group.
                        million, up $376.0 million on FY22.                                                    reduce discretionary spending and
                        Cash conversion represented 88 per           Capital management and                    sharpen customer focus on value.
                        cent of EBITDA adjusted for tax.
                                                                     dividends                                 Super Retail Group has a sound
                        Cash outflows from investing                                                           track record of resilient performance
                        decreased by $16.2 million to $108.5         Having regard to the Group’s strong
                                                                     balance sheet position, in addition       throughout the economic cycle. The
                        million, with a further $19.4 million                                                  strength of the brands, our customer
                        of capital expenditure incurred in           to payment of a final dividend, the
                                                                     Board considered it appropriate           value proposition and the low
                        June 2023 but paid for in FY24.                                                        average ticket price mean the Group
                        Capital expenditure included new             to reward shareholders by way of
                                                                                                               is well positioned for a more value
                        store openings and investment in             a special dividend. The Board has
                                                                                                               conscious retail customer.
                        alternative store formats including          determined to pay a fully franked
                        rebel rCX stores and BCF superstores,        final dividend of 44 cents per share      The Group remains focused on
                        which are expected to be important           and a fully franked special dividend      our strategy for long-term value
                        drivers of future growth.                    of 25 cents per share. Together           creation through organic growth;
                                                                     with the interim dividend of 34           increasing the market share of our
                        Balance sheet                                cents per share, this represents          four core brands by investing in new
                                                                     aggregate annual FY23 dividends to        stores and alternative store formats;
                        Total inventory was $788.6 million,
                                                                     shareholders of 103 cents per share.      and leveraging our active club
                        an improvement of $11.0 million on
                                                                                                               membership base through enhanced
                        FY22. A reduction in inventory units         The final dividend and the special
                                                                                                               loyalty offers and more personalised
                        was partially offset by inflationary         dividend will be paid on 18 October
                                                                                                               communication with our customers.
                        impacts on inventory values. Total           2023. These dividends have not been
                        inventory as a percentage of sales           provided for in the consolidated


                         NORMALISED NET PROFIT AFTER TAX                                                                   2023                   2022
                                                                                                                            $m                     $m
                         Statutory profit for the period after tax                                                        263.0                   241.2
                         - Wages underpayment and remediation costs                                                          1.7                    2.7
                         - FWO proceedings                                                                                   8.8                         -
                         - Losses from associates accounted for using the equity method                                        -                    0.4
                         - Reversals of provisions previously excluded from normalised NPAT                                    -                  (0.2)
                         Total of items not included in NPAT                                                               10.5                     2.9
                         Normalised net profit after tax                                                                  273.5                   244.1
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                  22




                        CASH FLOW                                                              2023                 2022
                                                                                                $m                   $m
                        Net cash inflow from operations                                       716.4                340.4
                        Net cash (outflow) from investing                                    (108.5)              (124.7)
                        Net cash (outflow) from financing                                    (429.1)              (444.8)
                        Net increase / (decrease) in cash                                     178.8               (229.1)


                        Cash at the beginning of the period                                    13.4                242.3
                        Effects of exchange rates on cash                                        0.1                 0.2




For personal use only
                        Cash at the end of the period                                         192.3                 13.4




                        BALANCE SHEET                                                          2023                2022
                                                                                                $m                  $m
                        - Trade and other receivables                                          58.1                 53.6
                        - Inventories                                                         788.6                799.6
                        - Trade and other payables                                           (490.1)             (451.4)
                        - Current tax (liabilities)                                           (30.3)               (19.8)
                        Total working capital                                                 326.3               382.0


                        - Cash and cash equivalents                                           192.3                 13.4
                        - Borrowings                                                               -                    -
                        - Lease liabilities                                                (1,035.0)            (1,010.7)
                        Net debt                                                            (842.7)              (997.3)


                        - Property, plant and equipment                                       270.4                235.7
                        - Right-of-use assets                                                 944.4                923.7
                        - Intangible assets                                                   846.4                866.0
                        - Derivatives                                                           2.7                 11.9
                        - Provisions                                                         (147.0)             (138.3)
                        - Deferred taxes                                                      (32.9)                 5.3
                        Net assets                                                          1,367.6             1,289.0




                        DIVIDENDS PAID DURING FY23                      Cents per share   Total amount     Payment date
                                                                                                   $m
                        FY22 final dividend (fully franked)                       43.0            97.1   17 October 2022
                        FY23 interim dividend (fully franked)                     34.0            76.8      14 April 2023
                        23                                                            SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23




                        SUPERCHEAP AUTO
                        PERFORMANCE
                        Year in review




For personal use only
                         Our business
                         Supercheap Auto is Australia and          as customers increasingly service        the next generation stores has been
                         New Zealand’s largest retail specialty    and maintain their own vehicles          designed to enable Supercheap Auto
                         automotive parts and accessories          in response to higher cost of living     to appeal to a more diverse range of
                         business, part of the growing auto        pressures.                               customers including new entrants
                         category. It sells a wide range of                                                 to the category. The Group has been
                                                                   Segment PBT margin improved              delighted with the results of the new
                         auto products, tools and accessories,
                         including products for travel, touring,   by 100 bps, with lower operating         store program and the uplift in sales
                         outdoors, the garage and the shed.        expenses offsetting a decline in gross   which has followed the conversion of
                                                                   margin as industry-wide promotional      existing Supercheap Auto stores to
                         Established in 1972, Supercheap Auto      activity continued to normalise.         the next generation format.
                         now has 331 retail stores operating
                         across Australia and New Zealand.         Supercheap Auto delivered online         Supercheap Auto invested a total of
                                                                   sales of $115 million, representing      $24 million of capital expenditure in
                         Key drivers of growth in the auto         8 per cent of total sales. This was a    its store network in this period.
                         category include a steady increase        decline of 35 per cent compared to
                         in the number of registered vehicles      FY22, reflecting an ongoing channel      Customer
                         in Australia and New Zealand and          shift from online to in-store sales      Supercheap Auto is a category leader
                         the growing popularity of four-wheel      as customers reverted to pre-            in the retail auto space, with 90 per
                         drive and sports utility vehicles,        pandemic shopping behaviour.             cent brand awareness. More than
                         domestic road trips and outdoor           Click & Collect represented 74 per       49 per cent of customers recognise
                         adventure.                                cent of online sales.                    Supercheap Auto as their preferred
                                                                                                            brand in the auto category.
                         Financial performance                     Stores and store network
                                                                                                            We have more than 3.7 million active
                         Supercheap Auto delivered a record        In the period, Supercheap Auto           club members in our club loyalty
                         year of sales in the period.              opened three stores and closed one,      program following the addition of
                         Total sales increased by 8 per cent       resulting in 331 stores at period end.   more than 550,000 new members
                         (or 10 per cent Adjusted) to $1,448       Supercheap Auto is planning to have      in this period. These members
                         million, driven by new store openings     a total of 362 stores by the end of      represent 64 per cent of Supercheap
                         and like-for-like sales growth of 10      FY26.                                    Auto’s total sales.
                         per cent. The increase in like-for-like   Supercheap Auto’s comprehensive          Supercheap Auto made several
                         sales reflected higher transaction        refurbishment and new store              enhancements to its club loyalty
                         volumes and a higher average              program is aiming to reach over 200      program in the period, including
                         transaction value. A key driver was       next generation stores by the end        a program relaunch with new
                         the Group’s ongoing investment in         of FY26. These stores will include       modernised branding, simpler
                         the refurbishment of the Supercheap       increased dedicated floorspace for       benefits messaging, removal of the
                         Auto store network, including the         growth categories including tools and    club membership fee and successful
                         upgrade of 37 Supercheap Auto                                                      campaigns focused on member
                                                                   four-wheel drive; designated service
                         stores to the next generation format.                                              acquisition.
                                                                   zones for “do it for me” fitment
                         Auto maintenance was the strongest        services; improved visibility of Click   Supercheap Auto achieved a
                         performing category, reflecting a         & Collect; and better signage and        customer NPS score of 67 in the
                         growing shift to do-it-yourself           lighting. Modernised branding in         period, up from 65 in FY22.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                        24



                                                                                                                  SALES ($m)


                                                                                                                  $1,448m
                                                                                                                  FY23     $1,448m
                                                                      STORES                                      FY222    $1,340m


                                                                      331
                                                                                                                  FY21     $1,309m
                                                                                                                  FY20     $1,120m
                                                                                                                  FY19     $1,041m



                                                                                                                  ACTIVE CLUB MEMBERS (m)



                                   IN–STORE %
                                   OF TOTAL SALES
                                                                       CLICK & COLLECT
                                                                       % OF TOTAL SALES
                                                                                                                  3.7m




For personal use only
                                   92%                                 6%
                                                                                                                  FY23    3.7m
                                                                                                                  FY222   3.2m
                                                                                                                  FY21    2.3m
                                                                                                                  FY20    1.7m
                                                                                                                  FY19    1.6m



                                                                                                                  ACTIVE CLUB MEMBERS
                                                                       BRAND                                      % OF TOTAL SALES


                                                                                                                  64%
                                                                       AWARENESS
                                   HOME DELIVERY

                                                                      90%
                                   % OF TOTAL SALES


                                   2%                                 Stellar Market Research
                                                                      Australia FY23
                                                                                                                  FY23
                                                                                                                  FY222
                                                                                                                  FY21
                                                                                                                          64%
                                                                                                                          59%
                                                                                                                          46%
                                                                                                                  FY20    40%
                                                                                                                  FY19    39%



                                                                                                                  SEGMENT PBT MARGIN (%)


                                                                                                                  14.1%
                                   AVERAGE ACTIVE                     ACTIVE CLUB
                                   CLUB MEMBER NPS                    MEMBER GROWTH


                                   67                                  18%                                        FY23
                                                                                                                  FY222
                                                                                                                          14.1%
                                                                                                                          13.1%
                                                                                                                  FY21    14.7%
                                                                                                                  FY20    11.5%
                                                                                                                  FY193   11.5%


                        Supercheap Auto
                                                                                                                  ONLINE SALES ($m)

                         $m
                         Sales
                                                           FY23       FY22
                                                      (52 weeks) (53 weeks)
                                                          1,447.9       1,339.8
                                                                                      Change

                                                                                         8.1%
                                                                                                Adjusted
                                                                                                change (1)
                                                                                                   10.1%
                                                                                                                  $115m
                         Segment EBIT                       219.4          190.6        15.1%      17.6%          FY23    $115m
                                                                                                                  FY222   $175m
                         Segment PBT                        204.0          176.1        15.8%      18.5%          FY21    $107m
                         PBT margin                         14.1%         13.1%       100bps      100bps          FY20    $82m
                                                                                                                  FY19    $60m

                         (1) Adjusted change is an unaudited non-IFRS measure adjusting FY22 down to
                         52 weeks to provide a more meaningful comparative to FY23.

                                                                                                             (2) FY22 was a 53-week period
                                                                                                             (3) Pre AASB16
                        25                                                           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23




For personal use only
                        Strategy and outlook                    •   Developing emerging product          transition to electric vehicles by
                                                                    categories arising from the          capturing share in emerging profit
                        Strategic priorities and key                adoption of electric vehicles;       pools such as charging cables, service
                        opportunities for growth                                                         parts and accessories.
                                                                •   Extending our core auto offering
                        While growing cost of living                into adjacent categories;            Separately, the continued growth
                        pressures are expected to impact                                                 of the Australian and New Zealand
                        consumer spending in FY24, the
                                                                •   Focusing on widening brand
                                                                    appeal to grow our addressable       carparc remains a tailwind for the
                        Group expects demand in the auto            market and customer base; and        auto category. There are now more
                        category will remain resilient as                                                than 25 million registered vehicles in
                        customers increasingly adopt a do-      •   Increased demand for “do it for      Australia and New Zealand and the
                        it-yourself approach to servicing and       me” fitment services (including      average age of a vehicle in Australia
                        maintaining their vehicles.                 bulbs, wiper blades and              has increased to more than 10
                                                                    batteries).                          years. Supercheap Auto remains
                        FY24 sales are also expected to                                                  well-positioned to deliver growth in
                                                                Transition to electric vehicles
                        benefit from eight planned new                                                   its core auto categories as a result of
                        store openings and the ongoing          A key area of strategic planning for     this growing and ageing carparc.
                        refurbishment of the store network.     Supercheap Auto is preparing to
                                                                adapt to the increased uptake of         Even with the predicted uplift in
                        In response to changing auto and        electric vehicles in Australia and New   electric vehicle penetration, we
                        demographic trends, Supercheap          Zealand. Electric vehicles currently     still expect the number of internal
                        Auto is offering a range of products    comprise only one per cent of the        combustion engine vehicles in
                        and services that cater for a more      Australian carparc, however this is      Australia over five years old to be a
                        diversified customer base and a         expected to increase dramatically        significant driver of demand. This will
                        changing mix of cars on Australian      in coming years, and Supercheap          continue to support do-it-yourself
                        and New Zealand roads.                  Auto is focussing on opportunities to    service and maintenance categories
                                                                leverage demand for new products         as customers spend more on
                        Supercheap Auto remains focused         arising out of increased EV sales.       maintaining older vehicles.
                        on delivering customers an excellent
                        omni experience across the retail       Approximately 70 per cent of
                                                                Supercheap Auto’s revenue
                        store, online and fitment service
                                                                comes from categories which are
                        offerings.                              independent of vehicle engine            (1) carparc means the number
                        Key near-term growth opportunities      type. While demand for some of           of registered vehicles
                        include:                                the products Supercheap Auto
                                                                currently sells will be impacted by
                        •    Growing core auto product          electric vehicle take up, Supercheap
                                                                                                         Supercheap Auto fitment services (including
                                                                                                         bulbs, wiper blades and batteries).
                             categories exposed to a growing    Auto believes there is a significant
                             and ageing carparc(1);             opportunity to benefit from the          Supercheap Auto Redcliffe
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                 26




For personal use only
                        Supercheap                   Supercheap Auto is passionate about
                                                     increasing female participation in
                                                                                              as future STEM leaders, covering
                                                                                              all careers from engineering to

                        Auto boosts                  the automotive and motorsport
                                                     sectors and is proud to partner with
                                                                                              journalism. The objective is to
                                                                                              help defy stereotypes by instilling

                        participation                Motorsport Australia to support the
                                                     FIA Girls On Track program.
                                                                                              confidence in young women about
                                                                                              what they can achieve to grow

                        of young                     Part of Supercheap Auto’s grassroots-
                                                     driven partnership with Motorsport
                                                                                              the number of females involved in
                                                                                              motorsport over the longer term.

                        women in                     Australia, the Girls On Track program
                                                     is a global, not-for-profit initiative
                                                                                              From team owners, to engineers, to
                                                                                              physiotherapists and officials, the
                        motor sport                  sponsored by the FIA, the governing
                                                     body for world motorsport.
                                                                                              ambassadors have a deep knowledge
                                                                                              about the sport and their areas of
                                                     Supercheap Auto supports the Inspire     expertise, and act as role models to
                                                     program for girls aged 8-15 and the      support the younger generation into
                                                     Pathways program for young women         the industry.
                                                     aged 15-22.
                                                                                              Supercheap Auto supported 15
                                                     The Inspire program is designed          events all over Australia during
                                                     to encourage an interest in STEM         the year, with more than 1,500
                                                     subjects and industries amongst          participants involved in workshops
                                                     schoolgirls. Motorsport activities       and Q&A sessions to learn about
                                                     and workshops help the girls gain        motorsport and the automotive
                                                     exposure to the various career           industry; networking events with key
                                                     pathways in the sport. The Pathways      industry leaders; race team garage
                                                     program is aimed at young women          tours; meet-and-greets with racing
                                                     who are passionate about the sport       teams; pitstop practice; fitness
                                                     and want to learn more about             drills and one-on-one time with the
                                                     the various roles in the industry.       program mentors. Supercheap Auto
                                                     Pathways events are an opportunity       also provides the tools used by the
                                                     to hear from women currently             students in the hands-on activities.
                                                     involved in the sport and connect
                                                                                              The program is already delivering
                                                     them with others in the industry.
                                                                                              results, with FIA Girls On Track
                                                     Girls on Track events offer a positive   participants moving into roles within
                                                     first experience of the motorsport       motorsport, including engineering,
                        FIA Girls on Track           world to inspire and provide             mechanic, logistics, event
                        February 2023.
                        Image credit: Turn 7 Media   pathways for the next generation         management and media.
                                                     of girls and young women as well
                        27                                                             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23




                        REBEL
                        PERFORMANCE
                        Year in review




For personal use only
                         Our business
                         rebel is Australia’s leading sporting      cascading of “homes of sport” zones      Additionally, a comprehensive
                         goods and apparel retailer.                for football and basketball into         refurbishment and store upgrade
                                                                    its next tier stores. The three top      program is underway at rebel, with
                         Since acquisition by Super Retail
                         Group in 2011, rebel now has 159           performing rCX stores each achieved      an aim of reaching 27 rCX stores and
                         retail stores across Australia. It has     annual sales in excess of $20 million    20 rCX Elevate stores by the end of
                         longstanding partnerships with             in the period.                           FY26.
                         some of the world’s leading global         Basketball and football were the         rCX stores are large format stores
                         sports brands including Nike, adidas,      strongest performing categories,
                         Under Armour, Puma, ASICS and New                                                   of more than 2,000 sqm which
                                                                    reflecting the successful roll out of    showcase an expanded range of
                         Balance thanks to its pre-eminent          the “homes of sport” format, the
                         position in the Australian sports retail                                            products across high-involvement
                                                                    positive impact of the FIFA World Cup
                         market.                                                                             sports, with additional emphasis
                                                                    on football sales and a rebound in
                                                                    participation in grassroots sport.       on the display of products in “must
                         The brand’s aspiration is to inspire
                                                                                                             win” running, gym & fitness, football,
                         all Australians to live their sporting     Segment PBT margin declined by
                         dreams and passion.                                                                 basketball and kids categories. These
                                                                    40 bps, reflecting lower operating       stores incorporate experience zones
                         As a retailer in the growing sports        expenses offset by an 80 bps decline     - including indoor basketball and
                         category, rebel’s key structural           in gross margin due to a shift in        football pitches and Sony gaming
                         growth drivers include personal            category mix.                            consoles - to provide our customers
                         fitness, health and wellbeing trends,
                                                                    Online sales of $198 million             with a differentiated in-store
                         increased personal leisure time
                         resulting from flexible workplace          represented 15 per cent of total         experience. The format has received
                         arrangements, and growing female           sales. Online sales declined by          strong support from some of the
                         participation in sport.                    26 per cent in the period compared       world’s leading global sports brands
                                                                    to FY22, reflecting an ongoing           and has enabled rebel to gain access
                         Financial performance                      channel shift from online to in-store    to high-end and marquee products
                                                                    sales as customers reverted to pre-      (e.g. Nike Airmax 270, adidas
                         rebel delivered a record year of sales
                                                                    pandemic shopping behaviour. Click       originals) and to extended ranges and
                         in this period.
                                                                    & Collect represented 33 per cent        exclusive products. rCX Elevate stores
                         Total sales increased by 8 per cent        of online sales.                         are a smaller (~2,000 sqm) store
                         (or 10 per cent Adjusted) to $1,309
                         million, driven by like-for-like sales     Stores and store network                 format with a single experience zone.
                         growth of 9 per cent, reflecting           In the period, rebel opened a total      The Group is delighted with the
                         higher transaction volumes.                of four new stores, resulting in 159     performance of the new rCX format
                         A key driver was rebel’s investment        stores at the end of the period. rebel   stores, which are currently delivering
                         in its new rebel customer experience       is aiming to have 165 stores by the      higher sales than the remainder of
                         (rCX) flagship stores and the              end of FY26.                             the store network.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                         28



                                                                                                                   SALES ($m)


                                                                                                                   $1,309m
                                                                                                                   FY23     $1,309m
                                                                      STORES                                       FY222    $1,212m


                                                                      159
                                                                                                                   FY21     $1,197m
                                                                                                                   FY20     $1,039m
                                                                                                                   FY19     $1,016m



                                                                                                                   ACTIVE CLUB MEMBERS (m)



                                   IN–STORE %
                                   OF TOTAL SALES
                                                                       CLICK & COLLECT
                                                                       % OF TOTAL SALES
                                                                                                                   3.7m




For personal use only
                                   85%                                 5%
                                                                                                                   FY23    3.7m
                                                                                                                   FY222   3.3m
                                                                                                                   FY21    3.2m
                                                                                                                   FY20    2.9m
                                                                                                                   FY19    2.6m



                                                                                                                   ACTIVE CLUB MEMBERS
                                                                       BRAND                                       % OF TOTAL SALES


                                                                                                                   73%
                                                                       AWARENESS
                                   HOME DELIVERY

                                                                      92%
                                   % OF TOTAL SALES


                                   10%                                Stellar Market Research
                                                                      Australia FY23
                                                                                                                   FY23
                                                                                                                   FY222
                                                                                                                   FY21
                                                                                                                           73%
                                                                                                                           69%
                                                                                                                           68%
                                                                                                                   FY20    66%
                                                                                                                   FY19    61%



                                                                                                                   SEGMENT PBT MARGIN (%)


                                                                                                                   11.2%
                                   AVERAGE ACTIVE                     ACTIVE CLUB
                                   CLUB MEMBER NPS                    MEMBER GROWTH


                                   65                                  13%                                         FY23
                                                                                                                   FY222
                                                                                                                           11.2%
                                                                                                                           11.6%
                                                                                                                   FY21    13.9%
                                                                                                                   FY20    9.2%
                                                                                                                   FY193   9.1%


                        rebel
                                                                                                                   ONLINE SALES ($m)

                         $m
                         Sales
                                                           FY23       FY22
                                                      (52 weeks) (53 weeks)
                                                          1,309.1       1,212.0
                                                                                      Change

                                                                                         8.0%
                                                                                                Adjusted
                                                                                                change (1)
                                                                                                   10.0%
                                                                                                                   $198m
                         Segment EBIT                       161.8          155.6         4.0%          5.1%        FY23    $198m
                                                                                                                   FY222   $268m
                         Segment PBT                        146.0          141.0         3.5%          4.7%        FY21    $193m
                         PBT margin                         11.2%         11.6%       (40bps)     (60bps)          FY20    $141m
                                                                                                                   FY19    $95m

                         (1) Adjusted change is an unaudited non-IFRS measure adjusting FY22 down to
                         52 weeks to provide a more meaningful comparative to FY23.

                                                                                                              (2) FY22 was a 53-week period
                                                                                                              (3) FY19 pre AASB16
                        29                                                             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23




For personal use only
                        Following the opening of four            is designed to incentivise additional      customer offering through both
                        rCX stores in the period at Erina,       visitation and spending by rewarding       unique products and an enhanced
                        Joondalup, Knox and Warringah,           our most loyal customers.                  in-store experience. Its national store
                        rebel now has a total of 15 rCX stores                                              footprint, leading market share and
                                                                 rebel achieved a customer NPS
                        and six rCX Elevate stores.                                                         the quality and location of rebel’s
                                                                 score of 65 in this period, up from
                                                                                                            unique store formats makes rebel
                        In addition to the rCX store roll out,   62 in FY22.
                                                                                                            a natural choice for leading global
                        in this period rebel commenced a
                                                                 Strategy and outlook                       sports brands to showcase their
                        regional store roll out by opening
                                                                                                            products.
                        four new stores in Ballina, Dubbo,       While growing cost of living
                        Nowra and Tamworth. The Group            pressures are expected to impact           Key near-term growth opportunities
                        is pleased with the performance of       consumer spending in FY24, the             include:
                        these stores and sees further near-
                        term opportunities for regional store
                                                                 Group expects demand in the sports         •    Extending rebel’s national omni-
                                                                 category will remain resilient given            retail footprint including rollout
                        openings.                                trends promoting the importance                 of flagship rCX stores, “homes of
                        rebel invested a total of $23 million    of personal fitness, health and                 sport” and new regional stores;
                        of capital expenditure in its store      wellbeing. The continued rebound
                        network in the period.                   in participation in grassroots sport       •    Leveraging and growing rebel’s
                                                                 following the disruption created by             relationships with international
                        Customer                                 the COVID-19 pandemic is expected               and local trade partners;
                                                                 to support ongoing demand for              •    Expanding our market share in
                        rebel is a category leader in the
                                                                 sports apparel and equipment.                   key growth categories including
                        Australian sporting goods and
                        apparel market, with 92 per cent         Australia is co-hosting the FIFA                basketball, football, womens
                        brand awareness. More than 26 per        Women’s World Cup, culminating                  and kids;
                        cent of customers recognise rebel as     in the final in late August 2023. As       •    Leveraging the planned relaunch
                        their preferred brand in the sports      a proud partner of the CommBank                 of rebel’s loyalty program in H1
                        category.                                Matildas, rebel believes this event             FY24; and
                                                                 will deliver an increase in sales in the
                        More than 3.7 million active club                                                   •    Growing digital sales and online
                                                                 football category as well as providing
                        members participate in the rebel                                                         market share.
                                                                 long-term benefits for female
                        active loyalty program following
                                                                 participation in sport.
                        the addition of more than 400,000
                        members in this period, and these        FY24 sales are also expected to
                        customers represent 73 per cent of       benefit from two planned new store
                        rebel’s total sales.                     openings and the conversion of a
                                                                 further four stores to the rCX format.
                        The rebel active loyalty program
                        is targeting a relaunch by the end       Ongoing investment in rCX stores is        Mary Fowler, rebel ambassador and
                                                                                                            Australian national player
                        of 2023, which will include a new        continuing to strengthen rebel’s deep
                        member value proposition and             relationships with the global sports       Mary Fowler speaking with team
                        updated branding. The new program        brands and differentiate rebel’s           members in Penrith
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                               30




For personal use only
                        Evolving the                The rebel store network continued to
                                                    grow and evolve in FY23, extending
                                                                                               The most recent rCX store to open is
                                                                                               Knox, with zones dedicated to virtual

                        rebel store                 our national omni-retail footprint
                                                    with four additional rebel Customer
                                                                                               gaming, a front of store Energy Zone
                                                                                               showcasing new products from global

                        format and                  Experience (rCX) stores and four new
                                                    regional stores.
                                                                                               sporting and technology brands, and
                                                                                               a full-size basketball court adjoining

                        offering                    rebel now has 15 rCX flagship stores
                                                    to showcase a comprehensive
                                                                                               the store. The court operates in
                                                                                               partnership with Westfield and local
                                                                                               sporting organisation Knox Basketball.
                                                    range across key global brands,
                                                    with Warringah and Erina (New              The first phase of rebel’s regional
                                                    South Wales), Joondalup (Western           expansion strategy saw the rollout
                                                    Australia) and Knox (Victoria) added       of four new stores in New South
                                                    this financial year. The rCX format,       Wales – Ballina, Dubbo, Nowra
                                                    designed in partnership with Nike          and Tamworth – following the new
                                                    and other key trade partners in 2019,      Bunbury store in Western Australia in
                                                    continues to provide innovative            FY22. These stores offer the best of
                                                    displays and differentiated experiences    rebel in a regional format, bringing the
                                                    for customers in the core categories       Home of Football, Home of Basketball,
                                                    of running, gym and fitness, football,     and Health and Wellbeing concepts
                                                    basketball and kids. The format has        to locations where a similar retail
                                                    strong support from global brand           experience is not currently available.
                                                    partners and key landlords.                Each store opening was supported by
                                                                                               several professional sporting identities
                                                    The largest rCX to date opened in
                                                                                               alongside rebel Rookie community
                                                    Joondalup in May 2023. Boasting
                                                                                               sport sessions aimed at inspiring
                                                    2,907 sqm of space, the store contains
                                                                                               young children to get involved in
                                                    rebel’s first outdoor and adventure
                                                                                               playing football, AFL, and rugby
                                                    concept area alongside other new
                                                                                               league. This level of engagement helps
                                                    layouts in the yoga and cricket
                                                                                               build deep community connection
                                                    categories, building on the successfully
                                                                                               with our customers.
                                                    established Home of Football and
                                                    Home of Basketball experiences in          Both network and rCX stores improved
                                                    other rCX stores. These state-of-          on last year’s customer net promoter
                                                    the-art retail experiences cater to all    score, supporting the continued
                        New rebel regional          sporting needs in one place.               investment in the store experience
                        store in Dubbo                                                         and our aim to deliver on a well-
                                                                                               defined customer value proposition.
                        31                                                             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23




                        BCF
                        PERFORMANCE
                        Year in review




For personal use only
                        Our business
                        BCF is a leading outdoor retailer, with   camping sales were in line with the       •   Opening small format stores
                        stores in every Australian state and      record performance in FY22.                   in new regional locations,
                        territory.                                                                              expanding customer reach;
                                                                  Segment PBT margin decreased by
                        BCF provides its customers with           110 bps, reflecting lower operating       •   Developing a tailored range
                        everything they need for their            expenses offset by a 180 bps decline          for each region by format to
                        next boating, camping or fishing          in gross margin as BCF responded to           increase sales per square metre;
                        adventure, all under the one roof.        increased promotional activity from
                        BCF’s goal is to provide Australians      key competitors.
                                                                                                            •   Amplifying the 4X4 range and
                                                                                                                expanding the apparel offering
                        with an outdoor store that they trust
                                                                  BCF delivered online sales of $94             (including Macpac) to address
                        to deliver range, quality, value and
                                                                  million, representing 11 per cent of          seasonality in the business; and
                        great service.
                                                                  total sales. Online sales in the period
                        It has 157 retail stores across           declined by 20 per cent compared
                                                                                                            •   Relocating weaker performing
                                                                                                                stores to more optimal locations
                        Australia, including two new large        to FY22, reflecting an ongoing shift
                                                                                                                and on more favourable lease
                        format superstores in Townsville and      from online to in-store sales as
                                                                                                                terms.
                        Kawana.                                   customers reverted to pre-pandemic
                                                                  shopping behaviour. Click & Collect       In November 2022 BCF opened its
                        BCF operates in the growing outdoor
                                                                  represented 60 per cent of online         first new superstore in Townsville, a
                        leisure category, where increasing
                                                                  sales.                                    5,000+ sqm store with an expanded
                        participation in outdoor activities
                                                                                                            range of more than 29,000 stock
                        including camping, caravanning,           Stores and store network                  keeping units (SKUs). BCF’s trade
                        hiking and off-road adventure is
                                                                  In the period, BCF opened 11 new          partners have embraced the
                        driving growth.
                                                                  stores and closed one store, resulting    opportunity to showcase their
                        Financial performance                     in 157 stores at the end of the year.     products in this large store format
                                                                  BCF is targeting to reach 170 stores      and the customer response to the
                        Total sales increased by 1 per cent (or                                             breadth and depth of the product
                                                                  by the end of FY26.
                        3 per cent Adjusted) to $840 million,                                               offering across categories including
                        driven by new store openings and          BCF is currently reshaping its store      fishing, boating, four wheel drive,
                        the strong performance of partner         network and tailoring its in-store        camping, caravan, barbeque,
                        brands including Yeti, Weber, Darche,     offering to ensure that it has the        power and refrigeration has been
                        Dometic and Lowrance.                     right stores in the right location with   overwhelmingly positive.
                                                                  the right range. Key activities in the
                        Like-for-like sales were flat as higher                                             The Townsville BCF superstore is on
                                                                  store network optimisation program
                        transaction volumes were offset                                                     track to deliver $20 million in sales in
                                                                  include:
                        by a modest decline in average                                                      its first 12 months since opening and
                        transaction value.                        •   Rolling out the new superstore        is targeting a payback period of less
                                                                      format to grow share in key           than two years. Following the success
                        Fishing delivered the strongest
                                                                      markets;                              at Townsville, BCF has now opened a
                        category growth in the period while
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                         32



                                                                                                                   SALES ($m)


                                                                                                                   $840m
                                                                                                                   FY23     $840m
                                                                      STORES                                       FY222    $830m


                                                                      157
                                                                                                                   FY21     $798m
                                                                                                                   FY20     $535m
                                                                                                                   FY19     $515m



                                                                                                                   ACTIVE CLUB MEMBERS (m)



                                   IN–STORE %
                                   OF TOTAL SALES
                                                                       CLICK & COLLECT
                                                                       % OF TOTAL SALES
                                                                                                                   2.2m




For personal use only
                                   89%                                 7%
                                                                                                                   FY23    2.2m
                                                                                                                   FY222   2.1m
                                                                                                                   FY21    2.0m
                                                                                                                   FY20    1.5m
                                                                                                                   FY19    1.5m



                                                                                                                   ACTIVE CLUB MEMBERS
                                                                       BRAND                                       % OF TOTAL SALES


                                                                                                                   89%
                                                                       AWARENESS
                                   HOME DELIVERY

                                                                      75%
                                   % OF TOTAL SALES


                                   4%                                 Stellar Market Research
                                                                      Australia FY23
                                                                                                                   FY23
                                                                                                                   FY222
                                                                                                                   FY21
                                                                                                                           89%
                                                                                                                           87%
                                                                                                                           84%
                                                                                                                   FY20    83%
                                                                                                                   FY19    81%



                                                                                                                   SEGMENT PBT MARGIN (%)


                                                                                                                   6.1%
                                   AVERAGE ACTIVE                     ACTIVE CLUB
                                   CLUB MEMBER NPS                    MEMBER GROWTH


                                   71                                  6%                                          FY23
                                                                                                                   FY222
                                                                                                                           6.1%
                                                                                                                           7.2%
                                                                                                                   FY21    12.1%
                                                                                                                   FY20    2.8%
                                                                                                                   FY193   3.9%


                        BCF
                                                                                                                   ONLINE SALES ($m)

                         $m
                         Sales
                                                         FY23
                                                    (52 weeks)
                                                          839.9
                                                                        FY22
                                                                   (53 weeks)
                                                                         829.7
                                                                                      Change

                                                                                         1.2%
                                                                                                Adjusted
                                                                                                change (1)
                                                                                                       2.6%
                                                                                                                   $94m
                         Segment EBIT                      61.0           68.9        (11.5%)    (12.1%)           FY23    $94m
                                                                                                                   FY222   $117m
                         Segment PBT                       51.0           59.6        (14.4%)    (15.4%)           FY21    $86m
                         PBT margin                        6.1%          7.2%       (110bps)    (130bps)           FY20    $45m
                                                                                                                   FY19    $34m

                         (1) Adjusted change is an unaudited non-IFRS measure adjusting FY22 down to
                         52 weeks to provide a more meaningful comparative to FY23.

                                                                                                              (2) FY22 was a 53-week period
                                                                                                              (3) Pre AASB16
                        33                                                              SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23




For personal use only
                        second superstore on the Sunshine          increases. In the near-term however,      Key near-term growth opportunities
                        Coast at Kawana and aims to open           rising cost of living pressures in        include:
                        eight superstores by the end of FY26.      Australia are likely to support ongoing
                                                                                                             •    Right-sizing stores in better
                                                                   participation in low-cost domestic
                        BCF invested a total of $15 million                                                       locations across Australia;
                        of capital expenditure in its store        leisure activities such as camping and
                        network in the period.                     caravanning.                              •    Growing share in key markets
                                                                                                                  through an extended range in
                                                                   BCF’s FY24 sales are expected to               the new superstore format;
                        Customer                                   benefit from the planned opening
                        BCF is one of the leading participants     of seven new stores and a full year       •    Maximising sales density by
                        in the Australian outdoor market,          contribution from the recently                 addressing seasonality with
                        with 75 per cent brand awareness.          opened superstores in Townsville and           an apparel offering (including
                        More than 25 per cent of customers         Kawana.                                        Macpac);
                        recognise BCF as their preferred                                                     •    Focusing on new and exclusive
                                                                   Promotional intensity in the outdoor
                        brand in the outdoor leisure category.                                                    product ranges tailored by
                                                                   category is expected to remain high,
                        BCF added 100,000 club members in          with key competitors continuing to             region;
                        the period and now has more than           engage in regular discounting.            •    Growing digital sales and online
                        2.2 million active club members who                                                       market share; and
                                                                   In response to this competitive
                        participate in its club loyalty program,
                        representing 89 per cent of total
                                                                   market landscape, BCF is focused          •    Maintaining a strong active club
                        sales.                                     on developing a portfolio of private           member base and increasing
                                                                   and strategic brands to differentiate          frequency of visit for active
                        BCF achieved a customer NPS                its offering from its competitors’             club members via loyalty and
                        score of 71 in the period, up from         offerings and to provide customers             personalisation initiatives.
                        66 in FY22.                                with access to exclusive products.
                                                                   BCF has entered trade partnerships
                        Strategy and outlook                       with a growing number of leading
                        The outdoor category was a key             outdoor specialty brands including
                        beneficiary of the COVID-19                Yeti, Lowrance, Weber, Dometic,           YETI display at the BCF Townsville
                        pandemic and sales in this category        Darche, Samaki and Zempire. Sales         superstore
                        can be expected to continue to             from strategic and private brands
                                                                                                             Providing customers with exclusive
                        normalise as spending on services,         now represent more than 50 per cent       products, expert knowledge and service,
                        entertainment and offshore travel          of BCF’s total sales.                     for their next outdoor adventure
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                      34




For personal use only
                        A new breed                       As part of the strategy to be the
                                                          number one outdoor store in
                                                                                                  demonstrations and workshops
                                                                                                  are held, as well as rod repairs,

                        of BCF store                      Australia, BCF launched its first
                                                          superstore in Townsville, Queensland,
                                                          in November 2022, followed by a
                                                                                                  reel servicing and a comprehensive
                                                                                                  fitment service.
                                                                                                  The Townsville superstore grew from
                                                          second superstore in Kawana on
                                                                                                  2,500 sqm to 5,450 sqm and holds
                                                          Queensland’s Sunshine Coast in
                                                                                                  more than 29,000 SKUs. The store
                                                          June 2023.
                                                                                                  draws customers from across the
                                                          The new superstores are an entry        Townsville community because of its
                                                          point for people who love outdoor       relevant assortment of products for
                                                          leisure, from those who want to         that region. The store also won Store
                                                          make the most of their camping gear     Design/Concept of the Year at Inside
                                                          or caravan, to off-road enthusiasts     Retail’s Retailer Awards (2023). Since
                                                          and fishers who spend their leisure     the Townsville superstore launch,
                                                          time on the water.                      the customer NPS for the store has
                                                                                                  increased nine points to
                                                          The superstore design is modular,
                                                                                                  72 points.
                                                          with aspects of the new format
                                                          easily replicated in other BCF stores   The Kawana superstore is the largest
                                                          across the network, depending on        BCF store in southeast Queensland
                                                          the customer demand and regional        at 3,360 sqm and the second largest
                                                          location. For example, the ‘Tackle      BCF store in Australia. With expanded
                                                          Store’ and spearfishing fixtures,       ranges across fishing, boating,
                                                          imagery and signage will be relevant    spearfishing, power solutions,
                                                          for other key coastal markets.          caravanning and 4WD, Kawana also
                                                                                                  features a boat and 4WD fitted out
                                                          The superstores also provide a
                                                                                                  with gear for customers to see the
                                                          customer service model that allows
                                                                                                  products in use.
                                                          more time with the customer, to
                                                          help them select the right product      Both superstores also supply the
                                                          for their needs. The wide range         wider BCF range to customers
                                                          of products offers customers the        across Australia via online orders.
                                                          chance to touch, see and understand     Most of the products available in
                                                          more about how each product will        the Townsville and Kawana stores
                                                          enhance their boating, camping and      can be purchased via Click & Collect
                        Top: BCF Townsville superstore.   fishing experience. Also incorporated   from other regional BCF stores,
                        Internal images: BCF Kawana
                        superstore                        in the superstore design is a           allowing more customers to enjoy the
                                                          customer experience zone where          products and brands on offer.
                        35                                                            SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23




                        MACPAC
                        PERFORMANCE
                        Year in review




For personal use only
                        Our business
                        Founded in Christchurch on the             Segment PBT margin improved              Macpac invested a total of $6 million
                        South Island of New Zealand in 1973,       by 280 bps, reflecting improved          of capital expenditure in its store
                        Macpac is an outdoor adventure             operating leverage and a 140 bps         network in the period.
                        brand which sells apparel and              improvement in gross margin.
                        equipment designed for mountain                                                     Customer
                                                                   Online sales of $39 million in the
                        climbers, campers, hikers and                                                       Macpac is well-recognised in its
                                                                   period fell 4 per cent compared to
                        adventure travellers. Macpac                                                        homeland of New Zealand where it
                                                                   FY22, reflecting an ongoing channel
                        products are made by adventurers for                                                has 89 per cent brand awareness.
                                                                   shift from online to in-store sales as
                        adventurers. We design functional,                                                  Brand awareness in Australia of
                                                                   customers reverted to pre-pandemic
                        technical and robust products to                                                    36 per cent continues to improve
                                                                   shopping behaviour. Online sales
                        help equip outdoor enthusiasts to                                                   as the store network expands and
                                                                   made up 18 per cent of total sales
                        adventure better.                                                                   has benefitted from the recent
                                                                   and Click & Collect represented 16
                        Macpac was acquired by Super               per cent of online sales.                introduction of Macpac product in
                        Retail Group in 2018 and now has                                                    rebel and BCF stores.
                        89 stores across Australia and New         Stores and store network                 Macpac added 100,000 members
                        Zealand. It operates in the growing        Macpac has made further progress         to its member program and now
                        outdoor adventure category, whose          towards its target of more than 100      has more than 700,000 active club
                        key drivers of growth include              stores by the end of FY26. In the        members who participate in its club
                        international travel and the growing       period, it opened six new stores and     program. These customers represent
                        popularity of hiking, camping and          closed two, resulting in 89 stores at    74 per cent of Macpac total sales.
                        adventuring in the great outdoors.         the end of the financial year.
                                                                                                            Macpac achieved a customer NPS
                        Financial performance                      Macpac’s store network comprises         score of 67 in the period, down from
                                                                   two core formats:                        69 in FY22.
                        Macpac delivered a record year
                        of sales in the period, driven by          •   Macpac Explorer: 300 to 400          Strategy and outlook
                        new store openings (particularly               sqm stores located in key
                        in Australia) and like-for-like sales          shopping centres which stock         Demand for Macpac’s outdoor
                        growth. Total sales of $216 million            a full range of Macpac branded       adventure products is expected to
                        were up by 22 per cent (or 27 per              product and a rationalised offer     benefit from an ongoing recovery
                        cent Adjusted).                                of other brands; and                 in international tourism and travel
                                                                                                            following the COVID-19 pandemic,
                        Like-for-like sales of 24 per cent         •   Macpac Adventurer Hub: 600           despite a challenging macro
                        reflected strong transaction growth            to 800 sqm stores located in         environment in Australia and New
                        and a higher average transaction               established outdoor precincts        Zealand.
                        value. In Australia, like-for-like sales       which stock a full range of
                        increased by 26 per cent and in                Macpac branded product and an        In the period Macpac sales benefitted
                        New Zealand they increased by                  extended offer of other brands.      from cold and wet weather
                        20 per cent.                                                                        conditions, particularly in the key
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                         36



                                                                                                                   SALES ($m)


                                                                                                                   $216m
                                                                                                                   FY23     $216m
                                                                      STORES                                       FY222    $177m


                                                                      89
                                                                                                                   FY21     $153m
                                                                                                                   FY20     $132m
                                                                                                                   FY19     $139m



                                                                                                                   ACTIVE CLUB MEMBERS (m)



                                   IN–STORE %
                                   OF TOTAL SALES
                                                                       CLICK & COLLECT
                                                                       % OF TOTAL SALES
                                                                                                                   0.7m




For personal use only
                                   82%                                 3%
                                                                                                                   FY23    0.7m
                                                                                                                   FY222   0.6m
                                                                                                                   FY21    0.5m
                                                                                                                   FY20    0.5m
                                                                                                                   FY19    0.4m



                                                                                                                   ACTIVE CLUB MEMBERS
                                                                       BRAND                                       % OF TOTAL SALES


                                                                                                                   74%
                                                                       AWARENESS
                                  HOME DELIVERY

                                                                      89%
                                  % OF TOTAL SALES


                                  15%                                 Stellar Market Research
                                                                      Australia FY23
                                                                                                                   FY23
                                                                                                                   FY222
                                                                                                                   FY21
                                                                                                                           74%
                                                                                                                           72%
                                                                                                                           66%
                                                                                                                   FY20    64%
                                                                                                                   FY19    65%



                                                                                                                   SEGMENT PBT MARGIN (%)


                                                                                                                   13.3%
                                   AVERAGE ACTIVE                     ACTIVE CLUB
                                   CLUB MEMBER NPS                    MEMBER GROWTH


                                   67                                 28%                                          FY23
                                                                                                                   FY222
                                                                                                                           13.3%
                                                                                                                           10.5%
                                                                                                                   FY21    11.0%
                                                                                                                   FY20    4.4%
                                                                                                                   FY193   9.2%


                        Macpac
                                                                                                                   ONLINE SALES ($m)

                         $m
                         Sales
                                                           FY23       FY22
                                                      (52 weeks) (53 weeks)
                                                            216.4          176.8
                                                                                       Change

                                                                                         22.4%
                                                                                                 Adjusted
                                                                                                 change (1)
                                                                                                    26.6%
                                                                                                                   $39m
                         Segment EBIT                         30.4          20.0         52.0%      68.0%          FY23    $39m
                                                                                                                   FY222   $41m
                         Segment PBT                          28.7          18.6         54.3%      72.9%          FY21    $30m
                         PBT margin                         13.3%         10.5%         280bps     360bps          FY20    $22m
                                                                                                                   FY19    $13m

                         (1) Adjusted change is an unaudited non-IFRS measure adjusting FY22 down to
                         52 weeks to provide a more meaningful comparative to FY23.

                                                                                                              (2) FY22 was a 53-week period
                                                                                                              (3) Pre AASB16
                        37                                                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23




For personal use only

                        winter sales period. Current            Key near-term growth opportunities     Environmental responsibility is
                        forecasts are pointing to milder        include:                               important to Macpac, our customers
                        weather conditions in Australia and                                            and our team members. Preservation
                        New Zealand in FY24.
                                                                •   Continuing the store roll out
                                                                                                       of the natural world is also integral
                                                                    program in Australia;
                                                                                                       to the outdoor adventure category in
                        Macpac’s FY24 sales are expected to
                        benefit from the planned opening
                                                                •   Lifting brand awareness in         which we operate. A strategic focus
                                                                    Australia;                         for Macpac is to be a force for good
                        of seven new stores in Australia
                                                                                                       and continue on its better business
                        and New Zealand and a full year         •   Rationalising product range and    journey with a sustainability focus.
                        contribution from the six stores            decreasing Macpac’s reliance
                        opened in the current period.               on winter-related product with
                                                                    enhanced seasonal ranging;
                        Macpac’s strategic focus remains                                               Weathering Anything in
                        centred around technical excellence     •   Growing digital sales and online   Macpac gear.
                        and delivering differentiated product       market share; and
                                                                                                       Macpac Penrith.
                        with an unwavering commitment
                        to quality.                             •   Improving our in-store             Comfortably handling rugged terrain,
                                                                    experience.                        trusted to last in any environment.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                   38




For personal use only
                        50 years of                    Founded in a Christchurch garage
                                                       by Bruce McIntyre in 1973, Macpac
                                                                                               Continuing its evolution over the past
                                                                                               five decades, the Macpac logo was

                        adventure,                     is New Zealand’s original, technical,
                                                       outdoor brand. Bruce’s goal was
                                                                                               also refreshed to the stacked design
                                                                                               of today. The logo is inspired by the

                        a lifetime                     to create products of the highest
                                                       quality that would last and could
                                                                                               silhouette of New Zealand’s highest
                                                                                               mountain, Aoraki Mount Cook. The

                        to go                          comfortably handle New Zealand’s
                                                       rugged and unforgiving terrain. This
                                                       innovative, adventurous spirit lives
                                                                                               curve represents a Nor‘west Arch, a
                                                                                               high white cloud in a clear blue sky,
                                                                                               particular to the east coast of the
                                                       on in everything Macpac does today.     South Island of New Zealand. Papaya
                                                       The brand promise is much the           orange is Macpac’s hero colour,
                                                       same as it was at the start – Macpac    favoured by mountaineers due to its
                                                       creates quality outdoor gear, made      high visibility in any weather, while
                                                       responsibly, trusted to last in any     also being the colour of optimism
                                                       environment.                            and energy.
                                                       This year, Macpac celebrated its 50th   The Macpac support office, where
                                                       anniversary with team members from      the concept for every Macpac
                                                       89 stores across New Zealand and        product is designed, remains proudly
                                                       Australia, the Macpac support office    located in Ōtautahi Christchurch.
                                                       team and an adventure community         From here, our highly skilled
                                                       who take their outdoor fun seriously.   manufacturing partners bring the
                                                                                               Macpac design team’s visions to life.
                                                       Celebrations included the launch
                                                       of a new brand platform, Weather        Macpac will continue to build on
                                                       Anything, to build relevance with       everything learned over the years,
                                                       adventurers of all types. The multi-    with a healthy dose of Kiwi ingenuity
                        Macpac’s new brand platform,   channel, award-winning campaign         and the belief that when our
                        Weather Anything, showcases    included television, outdoor, social,   customers put on “a Macpac”, they
                        Macpac gear in a distinctive
                        and memorable way.             online and in-store advertising,        have the confidence and spirit to
                                                       balancing a solid platform with         take on anything – whatever
                        Insert: Macpac founder         the aspirational story to which all     their adventure.
                        Bruce McIntyre                 outdoor enthusiasts can relate.
                        39                                                                      SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23




                        RISK

                        The Group operates in a dynamic and rapidly evolving environment across three geographies (Australia, New Zealand
                        and China). Material risks that could adversely affect our operations, performance and delivery of our strategy are
                        outlined in this section. Further financial risks are detailed in Note 22 – Financial risk management in the notes to the
                        consolidated financial statements.
                        Super Retail Group continues to evolve its approach to risk management to ensure it is fit for purpose, meets the
                        demands of the operating environment and the expectations of our customers, the communities we operate in, our




For personal use only
                        team members and investors.
                        The Group actively manages a range of financial and non-financial business risks and uncertainties which can potentially
                        have a material impact on the Group and its ability to achieve its stated objectives. While the Group’s approach to risk
                        management seeks to identify and manage material risks and emerging risks, not all relevant risks are within the control
                        of the Group and additional risks not currently known or detailed below may also adversely affect our operations,
                        performance or delivery of our strategy. Further details on the Company’s approach to risk management are contained
                        in the Company’s FY23 Corporate Governance Statement.


                        Risk                     Risk context                                         Risk management
                        People
                        Health & Safety          With operations in three countries and more than      – Investing in the ongoing maturity of the Group’s Health &
                                                 700 stores, there are certain hazards that have         Safety program.
                        Exposure to hazards      the potential to cause significant harm.
                        at a level that causes                                                         – Focus on critical risks with integration of control assessment
                        harm (arising from the   While we are committed to the physical and              through assurance activities.
                                                 psychological wellbeing, health and safety of our
                        Group’s operations)      team members, customers, suppliers, visitors,         – Focus on hazard elimination and risk reduction, supported by
                                                 and contractors across our operations, these            a robust health and safety management system.
                                                 risks remain.
                                                                                                       – Enhancing health and safety compliance and leadership
                                                                                                         training.

                                                                                                       – Implementation of Health and Safety by Design requirements
                                                                                                         for fixtures and fittings.

                                                                                                       – Focus on Psychological Safety aligned to new Codes of
                                                                                                         Practice.

                                                                                                       – Development of electronic induction, training record keeping
                                                                                                         and equipment maintenance in the Group Supply Chain.

                                                                                                       – Implementing our planned preventative site and equipment
                                                                                                         maintenance program.



                        Employment law           A variety of employment instruments across            – Using information technology to reduce the chance of error.
                        compliance               Australia, New Zealand and China create
                                                 complexities, particularly with respect to the        – Maturing the Group’s Employee Relations approach.
                                                 payment of employee entitlements, where errors
                        Serious or systemic                                                            – Leveraging an Industrial Relations Framework including
                                                 could occur.
                        breach of                                                                        detective and preventive controls, supported by ongoing
                        employment law           Any breach has the potential to cause financial         training on correct rostering practices.
                                                 detriment to our team members, reputational
                                                 damage to the Group and to erode the trust and        – Conducting periodic external compliance reviews as part of
                                                 confidence of our team, customers, shareholders         our ongoing controls assurance program.
                                                 and regulators. We may also be liable for fines or
                                                 other penalties.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                                       40




                         Risk                    Risk context                                             Risk management
                         Conduct                 With more than 15,000 team members, it is                 – Maintaining a strong culture that engenders doing the right
                                                 possible that not all team members will conduct             thing, guided by our Group Values and Code of Conduct.
                         Inappropriate,          themselves in a manner consistent with the




For personal use only
                                                 Group’s Code of Conduct or Values.                        – Maturing our management of conduct risk.
                         unethical or unlawful
                         conduct by the          Officer or Team Member wellbeing may also be              – Providing mechanisms for reporting wrongdoing and prompt
                         Group’s Officers or     impacted by disruption arising from events such             action on misconduct, including a Whistleblower Policy,
                         Team Members            as severe weather, geopolitical conflicts and/              dedicated reporting line, Anti-Corrupt Practices Policy and
                                                 or cost of living pressures, which may influence            brand and group Respect@Work councils.
                                                 conduct. As a result, it is possible that other
                                                 team members or customers could be harmed, a              – Investing in online fraud protection tools and resources
                                                 significant issue or event could cause significant          across our brands.
                                                 damage to one or all of the Group’s brands, or
                                                 that the Group incurs financial loss.                     – Establishing relevant forums to oversee and actively engage
                                                                                                             on strategies to create a harassment free workplace.

                                                                                                           – Improving analytics to assist in the early identification of
                                                                                                             conduct risk and issues.



                         Strategy
                         Competition and         The risk of rapidly increasing competition (both          – Investing in growing our active club loyalty membership
                         new entrants            online and in offline markets), or a largescale             base, personalising our services and retaining our loyal
                                                 shift in the competitive landscape for the                  customers through loyalty platforms and structured customer
                                                 Group’s brands.                                             relationship management activities.
                         Large scale shift in
                         competitive landscape   Increased competition can arise as a result of new        – Growing our four core brands and improving the customer
                                                 entrants to the market, increased investment by             experience in-store and online.
                                                 existing competitors and aggressive competitor
                                                 pricing and/or marketing strategies.                      – Improving brand awareness.

                                                 Accelerated movement towards Direct-to-                   – Optimising our store network.
                                                 Consumer sales channels by trade partners has
                                                 the potential to alter competitive advantage and          – Regularly monitoring key competitor market share.
                                                 expose the Group to a loss of market share across
                                                 our brands.                                               – Working closely with trade partners to maximise
                                                                                                             opportunities.



                         Strategy execution      Execution of the Group’s strategic agenda is              – Investing in portfolio management capability and program
                                                 highly dependent on developing capabilities for             governance.
                         Critical shortfall in   the future of retail, attracting and retaining talent,
                                                 minimising technical debt and optimising the use          – Investing in talent attraction and retention programs.
                         capability and/or
                                                 of technology and our data assets.
                         capacity to execute                                                               – Embedding our vision, mission and values.
                         the Group’s strategy    Retailers are faced with additional challenges to
                                                 attract and retain talent. We need to compete for         – Leveraging our Digital and Technology operating model to
                                                 talent with other sectors that have experienced a           maximise the use of technology and data.
                                                 contraction in labour supply, such as hospitality,
                                                 and contend with damage to ‘retail as a career’           – Maintaining a clear separation of duties between strategy
                                                 post-COVID-19.                                              development, strategy execution and project/portfolio
                                                                                                             execution and assurance.
                                                 Inability to deliver the expected benefits and
                                                 outcomes from the Group’s strategy could impact           – Delivering our people strategy while keeping our tactical
                                                 our brands’ ability to compete in a dynamic and             initiatives responsive to the external environment.
                                                 evolving market.
                        41                                                                                   SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23




                         Risk                             Risk context                                             Risk management
                         Climate change                   As the world transitions to a low-carbon                  – Investing in the capabilities and resourcing required to help
                         transition                       economy, legal, technological, market, brand and            us achieve our climate change transition goals.
                                                          reputational issues could arise from emissions
                                                          reduction activities (or a failure to take such           – Progressing delivery of our 2030 Sustainability Framework,
                         Global transition to a                                                                       which includes emissions reduction goals, recycling
                                                          activities) and expectations.
                         low carbon economy(1)                                                                        and waste reduction programs, as well as support for
                                                          Investors expect companies to deliver their                 environmental restoration programs.
                                                          climate change, environmental and social
                                                          sustainability commitments.                               – Benchmarking our practices against industry.

                                                          Consumer and regulatory concerns around                   – Keeping abreast of the market norms on sustainability,
                                                          greenwashing and transparency are growing as                investor expectations and evolving consumer expectations.
                                                          are market norms on sustainability.
                                                                                                                    – Monitoring forthcoming regulatory and legislative changes.
                                                          The transition is likely to bring legislative changes,
                                                          technological advancements, shifts in consumer
                                                          preferences, expectations and discretionary
                                                          income.




For personal use only
                         Financial
                         Economic disruption              Geopolitical conflicts, ongoing COVID-19                  – Seeking to maintain a strong financial position backed by a
                                                          pandemic impacts, rising commodity prices, rising           well-executed omni-retail strategy and effective operating
                         Protracted economic              interest rates, wage growth pressures and global            model.
                                                          inflation levels have added further uncertainty
                         downturn                                                                                   – Actively monitoring external indicators, macro-economic
                                                          in an already complex macro-economic
                                                          environment.                                                conditions and understanding potential impact through
                                                                                                                      scenario modelling.
                                                          There is a risk of further decline in the macro-
                                                          economic environment, including economic                  – Managing financial risks within a disciplined policy
                                                          conditions in which our major suppliers operate,            framework.
                                                          the continued constraints within the Australian
                                                          and New Zealand labour markets, and freight               – Having in place strategic planning processes, including
                                                          price increases, which may adversely impact the             adjusting or reprioritising strategic initiatives, if necessary.
                                                          Group’s trading and non-trading environment.
                                                                                                                    – Controlling inventory investment through robust inventory
                                                                                                                      management processes.



                         Information and technology
                         Cyber security, data             The privacy, integrity and security of customer           – Maintaining an effective cyber security approach including
                         management and                   and team member data and information and the                ongoing training and awareness.
                                                          reliability of IT systems is of utmost importance to
                         privacy                          the Group and is critical to day-to-day operations        – Actively monitoring cyber threats and vulnerabilities.
                                                          and strategic direction.
                         Unauthorised access                                                                        – Maturing our cyber security practices, policies, controls and
                         to the Group’s systems It is critical that we seek to keep our commercially                  response framework.
                         and data               sensitive information safe and that we seek to
                                                          protect our customers through digital channels            – Investing in cyber processes and tools.
                                                          and e-commerce.

                                                          Any unauthorised access to systems and/or data
                                                          can erode customer, team member, trade partner
                                                          and shareholder trust in the Group and can have
                                                          adverse regulatory and financial impacts.

                                                          The interconnectedness and complexity of our
                                                          information and technology, along with our heavy
                                                          reliance on it, means we need to remain diligent
                                                          to the increasing threat of cyber-attack.




                        (1) Further detail on our climate risks is provided on page 44.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                                42




                        Risk                    Risk context                                         Risk management
                        Operational
                        Responsible sourcing    Forced labour, debt bondage, deceptive                – Maintaining a Responsible Sourcing Program, Policy and
                                                recruitment and child labour have been                  Code which includes monitoring, verification, audit and
                        Unethical or            associated with geographies, sectors and                remediation processes.
                                                industries in which we operate.
                        dangerous working                                                             – Maintaining new supplier due diligence processes.
                        conditions in the       There is the potential for serious harm to people
                        Group’s supply chain,   who work in our supply chain. Any failure to act      – Reviewing factory audit results provided by third parties and
                        including modern        as a responsible business through how we source         actively managing corrective action plans.
                        slavery                 our products can erode customer, team member,
                                                trade partner and shareholder trust in the Group      – Monitoring service providers’ due diligence processes,
                                                and can have adverse regulatory and financial           including self-assessment declarations, certifications,
                                                impacts.                                                examinations and interviews.

                                                                                                      – Requiring relevant team members to complete responsible
                                                                                                        sourcing training programs.

                                                                                                      – Providing in our contracts, where relevant, that our trade




For personal use only
                                                                                                        partners must comply with our Responsible Sourcing Policy.



                        Product safety          While we are committed to providing safe              – Enhancing product safety assurance activities.
                                                products for our customers and complying
                        A product sold by       with requisite standards, there are risks to the      – Maintaining a comprehensive and robust product compliance
                                                Group relating to product safety. Product safety        program and management systems including training, testing
                        the Group’s brands                                                              and review.
                                                is a critical part of our trading operations. If
                        is unsafe and/or        compromised, it can result in serious illness
                        non-compliant with      or injury, detrimental regulatory impacts and         – Designing and sourcing quality products that minimise the
                        required standards      significant reputational damage. There may also         likelihood of products being unsafe or non-compliant.
                                                be financial impacts associated with product
                                                recalls and any regulatory impacts.                   – Actioning and managing product recall processes.

                                                                                                      – Standardising new line processes including risk-based
                                                                                                        product testing.

                                                                                                      – Conducting compliance checks for high-risk products.

                                                                                                      – Seeking trade partner guarantees, where possible.



                        Supply chain            Global and domestic supply chain disruption is a      – Building resilience and agility into our supply chain.
                        disruption              highly dynamic risk with complex drivers, many
                                                outside our control or influence.                     – Modernising the technology supporting our supply chain,
                                                                                                        including upgrading our Warehouse Management System.
                        Protracted supply       Regular supply shocks can impact the ability to
                        chain disruption        maintain service and product levels.                  – Maintaining inventory buffers to increase tolerance
                                                                                                        to disruption.
                                                Severe weather events can result in damage to
                                                supply lines.                                         – Maintaining freight and trade alliance membership and
                                                                                                        strategic partnerships.
                                                Shipping volatility including pallet and container
                                                shortages, port capacity issues, geopolitical         – Actively engaging multiple vendors on forecasting resources
                                                tensions and conflicts, labour shortages and            to manage constraints (e.g. casual labour).
                                                transport reliability issues each have potential
                                                to contribute to extended lead times and/or
                                                the unavailability of products to meet customer
                                                demand, which may impact customer loyalty and
                                                reduce revenue.



                        Supply chain capacity   Maintaining inventory buffers to minimise             – Improving governance of process and flow management.
                                                protracted supply chain risk increases the
                        Operations exceed the   risk that stock levels or mix are misaligned to       – Maintaining a high level of engagement on, and active
                                                demand. Increasing resilience in our supply chain       oversight of, forward capacity requirements via our cross-
                        effective capacity of                                                           functional Sales & Operations Planning forums.
                                                can also increase cost and add to complexity.
                        the supply chain
                                                                                                      – Actively identifying, managing and exiting slow and obsolete
                                                                                                        inventory from our network.

                                                                                                      – Optimising the use of offsite storage.

                                                                                                      – Investing in a new automated distribution centre.
                        43                                                                                   SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23




                         Risk                             Risk context                                          Risk management
                         Climate change                   The climate is changing, affecting natural weather     – Having in place emergency response and business continuity
                                                          variability and leading to increased frequency           management plans and related exercise programs, which
                         Physical impacts of              and/or severity of weather events, such as               support business resilience.
                                                          extreme heatwaves, drought and intense rainfall
                         climate change(1)                                                                       – Maintaining a robust health and safety management system.
                                                          causing flooding.

                                                          The health and safety of our team and customers        – Implementing our planned site inspection and preventative
                                                          may be impacted.                                         maintenance program.

                                                          Our trade and operations may be disrupted and          – Identifying sites susceptible to increased risk of
                                                          assets damaged, the cost of industrial special           natural hazards.
                                                          risk insurance and the cost and availability




For personal use only
                                                          of raw materials could be impacted, product            – Complying with building codes and requirements.
                                                          demand affected and customer purchasing power
                                                          reduced.                                               – Forecasting and monitoring weather-related influences on
                                                                                                                   customer demand for key product categories.



                         Business disruption              Operational challenges may arise in connection         – Maintaining, monitoring and, where required, strengthening
                                                          with unexpected events, pandemics or epidemics,          internal controls designed to reduce the potential impact
                         Trade is severely                severe weather events and other natural hazards,         of business disruption, including resilience, response and
                                                          and the ongoing threat of cyber-attack, including        recovery controls such as business continuity plans.
                         restricted or
                                                          ransomware. Such events can cause sudden
                         disrupted for an                 cessation of day-to-day operations.                    – Maintaining an effective cyber security approach including
                         extended period                                                                           ongoing training and awareness.

                                                                                                                 – Actively monitoring and aiming to prevent and protect
                                                                                                                   against cyber threats.

                                                                                                                 – Maturing our cyber security practices, policies, standards and
                                                                                                                   controls.

                                                                                                                 – Investing in cyber security processes and tools.

                                                                                                                 – Building robust planning in the supply chain in concert with
                                                                                                                   trade partners.

                                                                                                                 – Having in place a property management and site
                                                                                                                   maintenance services program.

                                                                                                                 – Investing in maintaining technology systems.



                         Legal & regulatory               With operations in three jurisdictions, the Group      – Having in place health and safety policies, procedures,
                         compliance and                   is subject to a wide range of legal and regulatory       engineering controls, training, PPE and maintenance
                                                          requirements relating to employment, product             requirements.
                         change                           quality and safety, health and safety, privacy and
                                                          data, competition and consumer protection,             – Promoting a culture of accountability, compliance and
                         Material breach of               anti-bribery and corruption and anti-money               transparency.
                         law or regulation                laundering (amongst others).
                                                                                                                 – Maintaining comprehensive and tailored training and
                                                          Any material breach of law or regulation would           awareness programs, including team member compliance
                                                          impact our standing with our team members,               and code of conduct training programs that focus on key
                                                          shareholders, customers and trade partners, as           legislative and/or regulatory requirements.
                                                          well as regulators. It may also attract fines or
                                                          other penalties.                                       – Maintaining currency of employment agreements and
                                                                                                                   disciplinary processes.
                                                          To maintain our “licence to operate” we must
                                                          also remain compliant with changing and existing
                                                          law and regulations requiring ongoing monitoring
                                                          by the business.

                                                          Adverse changes to existing law or regulation
                                                          or regulator investigation or intervention may
                                                          change or restrict the Group’s ability to operate
                                                          the way it does today, or to implement its
                                                          strategy.



                        (1) Further detail on our climate risks is provided on page 44.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                         44




For personal use only
                        CLIMATE

                        Super Retail Group recognises the importance of climate change and that it may present strategic and operational risks as
                        well as opportunities for our business, including our four core brands. We are improving our understanding of climate risk
                        and our overall alignment with the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).
                        This is the first year we disclose our alignment to the TCFD recommendations in our Annual Report across the four key
                        pillars of Governance; Strategy; Risk Management; and Metrics and targets. These foundations prepare the Group to
                        respond to evolving guidance from standard setters such as the International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB),
                        including IFRS S1 General Requirements for Disclosure of Sustainability-related Financial Information and IFRS S2 Climate-
                        related Disclosures issued in June 2023.


                        Governance                               the goals and targets under the          new committee will commence from
                                                                 framework, including those related       1 September 2023, at which time the
                        Board oversight                          to climate change. Progress made         existing Audit and Risk Committee
                        The Board is responsible for             during FY23 has been reported in our     will become the Board Audit
                        overseeing the Company’s                 FY23 Sustainability Report, which is     Committee. Once these changes take
                        strategy and approach to                 available on our website.                effect, it is expected that there will
                        managing sustainability issues,                                                   be close collaboration across these
                                                                 The Board receives annual training       two Committees due to the role
                        including climate-related risks          and deep dives on ESG and climate-
                        and opportunities for the Group.                                                  that both will play in ESG reporting,
                                                                 related issues which, in FY23,           disclosure and assurance. Further
                        The Board is assisted by the Audit       included a session focused on TCFD
                        and Risk Committee (ARC) in the                                                   details on the Company’s corporate
                                                                 financial reporting and disclosure       governance framework, including the
                        discharge of its sustainability, risk,   matters. Climate-related risks and
                        audit and corporate governance                                                    new Board Committee structure that
                                                                 opportunities are also considered        will take effect in FY24, are contained
                        responsibilities.                        as part of the Board’s biannual          in the Company’s FY23 Corporate
                        In FY22, the Board endorsed the          strategy sessions with the Executive     Governance Statement.
                        Company’s new Sustainability             Leadership Team (ELT).
                        Framework 2030, which includes           During FY23, the Board approved          Management’s role
                        climate-related goals and targets. The   the establishment of a new Board
                        Board, assisted by the ARC, monitors                                              At a management level, the Group
                                                                 Committee – the Board Risk and           MD and CEO is responsible for the
                        the Group’s progress towards             Sustainability Committee (BRSC). The     overall execution of the Group’s
                        45                                                            SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23




                         strategy, which includes sustainability   The Board is assisted by the ARC          longer term resilience planning.
                         as a key enabler of value. Climate        in its oversight of the RCMF. The         Qualitative analysis of climate
                         is one of the five focus areas of the     ARC conducts an annual review             scenarios is used to test the potential
                         Sustainability Framework 2030 which       and makes recommendations to              impacts of climate change on our
                         sets out our goals, commitments           the Board on the RCMF to satisfy          business and to inform of potential
                         and targets. The Group MD and CEO         itself that the framework continues       risks and opportunities. Climate
                         reports sustainability progress to the    to be sound and that the Group            scenarios are hypothetical and are
                         Board, including the progress toward      is operating with due regard to           not intended to represent a full and
                         the Group’s climate-related goals         the Board-approved Risk Appetite          definite description of the future,
                         and targets.                              Statement. From 1 September 2023,         but rather highlight the key
                                                                   the BRSC will assume responsibility       factors that could drive future
                         The Group MD and CEO has                  for this annual review.                   developments. The qualitative
                         delegated specific responsibilities                                                 process did not identify any new
                         related to climate-related risks and      Material risks are reported twice a       material climate risks.
                         opportunities to members of the ELT       year to the ARC and the ELT. Climate
                         as follows:                               change transition and physical risks      The outcomes of the qualitative
                                                                   are identified as material risks. The     scenario analysis allow us to
                         •   the General Manager, Health           ELT are individually responsible for      identify and target priority risks and




For personal use only
                             Safety and Sustainability has         the implementation of the RCMF            opportunities for further quantitative
                             responsibility for reporting          in their brand or division. The ELT       analysis in FY24. Quantitative
                             on climate-related risks and          meets quarterly to collectively           scenario analysis will expand our
                             opportunities;                        evaluate and prioritise material and      understanding of the potential
                         •   the Chief Financial Officer (CFO)     Group-wide risks, including climate-      impact of climate change on our
                             has responsibility for material       related risks and opportunities, as       business and the resilience of our
                             climate transition and physical       well as to champion risk (positive        strategy in the short, medium and
                             risks and direct responsibility       and negative) as a key input into         long term. Our strategic responses to
                             for Scope 1 and 2 emissions           decision making. Further information      the priority risks and opportunities
                             management; and                       is provided in the Risk section of this   are guided by the outcomes of
                                                                   Annual Report.                            our climate analysis as well as our
                         •   the Brand Managing Directors                                                    Sustainability Framework 2030,
                             have accountability for               Strategy                                  our emissions reduction plan, and
                             managing climate-related risks                                                  the Group’s strategy. Other risk
                             and opportunities as they relate      Identifying climate-related risks and
                                                                   opportunities has been an important       management activities in relation
                             to the relevant brand strategy                                                  to climate-related risks are set out
                             and operations.                       part of the Group’s material risk
                                                                   reporting, noting both the physical       in the Risk section of this Annual
                         Sustainability, including climate, is     risks and transitional risks of climate   Report.
                         discussed in quarterly ELT meetings.      change and the potential impacts on
                         Various working groups have been                                                    Physical risk
                                                                   our businesses over time. In FY23,
                         established across the business           the Group extended its assessment         The climate scenario analysis
                         (including at a brand level) focused      of climate risk and completed a           provided qualitative insights into the
                         on the implementation and delivery        qualitative climate-related scenario      priority risks and opportunities for
                         of the Company’s sustainability goals.    analysis to evaluate the likelihood       the Group associated with physical
                         Working groups meet regularly and         and consequence of climate-               impacts, both acute and chronic.
                         matters that require decision or          related risks and opportunities, in       Physical risks include increased
                         approval are escalated to the ELT as      accordance with our RCMF, over            severity and/or frequency of extreme
                         appropriate. The ELT and working          different time horizons.                  weather events such as floods,
                         groups receive advice and support                                                   storms and bushfires, an increase
                         from the Head of Sustainability and       Three emissions scenarios (high           in extreme heat days or change in
                         wider sustainability team.                – approximate warming range at            precipitation levels and the potential
                                                                   2100 >40C, moderate – approximate         for water scarcity or other ecological
                         Risk management                           warming range at 2100 of 2-30C,           crises.
                                                                   and low – approximate warming
                         The Board sets the risk appetite          range at 2100 of 1.50C) underpinned       Physical impacts on the Group
                         for the Group, monitors material          by scientific data over three time        are the highest in terms of both
                         risks faced by the Company (both          horizons were used to consider            likelihood and consequence under
                         positive and negative), and reviews       potential impacts of both physical        the High Emissions scenario
                         how these are managed. The                and transition risks and opportunities    (approximate warming range at 2100
                         Group’s risks, including climate,         related to climate change. Three          >40C) and over the long-term (2050).
                         are identified, assessed and              time horizons, short (2025), medium       Based on the outcomes of the FY23
                         managed in accordance with our            (2030) and long (2050), were              qualitative assessment, the physical
                         Risk Management Policy and Risk           selected to align to Super Retail         risks that merit further investigation
                         and Compliance Management                 Group’s short-term planning cycle,        includes the potential disruption to
                         Framework (RCMF) for which the            mid-term ESG targets and allow for        operations and trade.
                         Board is accountable.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                         46




For personal use only
                        The Group is responding to the            merit further investigation include   succeed. Progress towards emissions
                        physical impacts of climate change        faster than expected growth in the    reduction during FY23 compared to
                        by improving the resiliency of            electric vehicle (EV) market and      our FY17 base year include 26.3 per
                        critical assets (retail stores and        unplanned energy price rises and      cent reduction in greenhouse gas
                        distribution centres) by having           grid instability.                     emissions (Scopes 1 and 2) and 2.9
                        regard to where they are located                                                per cent reduction in total electricity
                        and adopting emerging technologies        As a Group, we are adapting to        use to 78,357 MWh. Further
                        into these assets. The Group’s leased     mitigate potential transitional       commentary on our climate goals
                        property profile and inventory            impacts and see opportunities         and actions can be found in our FY23
                        management approach assist with           in having a business model with       Sustainability Report.
                        adaptation to the physical impacts        flexibility to respond to market
                        of climate change.                        changes, including changes            Emissions from our Australian
                                                                  in consumer demand and the            operations are reported to the Clean
                        Transition risk                           regulatory environment. The Group     Energy Regulator annually, under
                                                                  has identified EV transition as       the National Greenhouse and Energy
                        Transition risks and opportunities        both a risk and opportunity within    Reporting scheme, established by
                        were also qualitatively assessed          Supercheap Auto. The brand is         the National Greenhouse and Energy
                        through our scenario analysis to          developing strategies to mitigate     Reporting Act 2007 (Cth).
                        provide insight into the potential        the medium-term risk exposure
                        impacts on the Group arising from         and capture the opportunity. One      Sustainability goals and targets
                        the transition to a low carbon            of the ways the Group mitigates       which include climate-related
                        economy. Transitional climate-related     the potential impacts associated      targets and performance metrics are
                        risk themes identified from our           with transition risk is through our   incorporated into business planning
                        scenario analysis included changes        emissions reduction plan which        at a brand and divisional level. This
                        in technology, changes in consumer        includes targets for zero carbon      includes target setting, measurement
                        preferences and spending behaviours       emissions for Scope 1 and Scope 2     and assessment linked to employee
                        and change to government policy           by 2030.                              remuneration outcomes as it relates
                        (such as accelerated emissions                                                  to our ELT and Senior Leadership
                        reductions policy) and legal              Metrics and targets                   Team (SLT) short-term incentive
                        requirements.                                                                   plans. Performance against the
                                                                  Super Retail Group is committed to    Sustainability Framework is reviewed
                        Transition impacts will be most           its Sustainability Framework 2030,    each six months with ELT and SLT
                        acutely felt in the medium-term           including our emissions reduction     performance outcomes evaluated
                        (2030) where policy, market and           plan, with a target of zero carbon    annually. More information on the
                        consumer changes are predicted            emissions for Scope 1 and Scope 2     Sustainability (ESG) performance
                        to heighten. Transition impacts are       by 2030 for all wholly-owned and      outcomes for FY23 relating to the
                        expected to be most likely under a        operated assets. In FY22, we set      Group MD and CEO and other
                        Low Emissions scenario (approximate       new targets on packaging, waste       Executive KMP is shown in Tables 3
                        warming range at 2100 of 1.50C).          and emissions and in FY23 we began    and 4 of the Remuneration Report.
                        Based on the outcomes of the              implementing our plans to achieve
                        qualitative assessment, the climate-      them by prioritising those targets
                        related impacts of transition risk that   that require the greatest effort to
                        47                                                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23



                        OUR
                        TEAM




For personal use only
                        Our team’s engagement at
                        work matters to us
                        An engaged team inspires our             At the end of FY23, female               technical knowledge required to
                        customers to live their passion and      representation on our Board was 43       meet customer needs.
                        helps deliver Super Retail Group’s       per cent, 38 per cent at the executive
                                                                                                          The leadership development program
                        vision. We are always keen to listen     level and 38 per cent for women in       suite reached an additional 172
                        and act on the drivers of our teams’     senior leadership.                       leaders and our accredited learning
                        passion, and we have a continuous
                                                                 Our Equality in Leadership plan is       programs helped 83 team members
                        engagement building and feedback
                                                                 focused on accountability through        complete a Certificate III in Retail
                        cycle designed to make Super Retail
                                                                 regular reporting, developing a          Operations or Certificate IV in Retail
                        Group the best possible place
                                                                 diverse talent pipeline, building        Management qualification.
                        to work.
                                                                 future capability through targeted       To further expand leadership
                        In FY23, our team participated in two    programs and coaching, and               development and drive team
                        engagement surveys and a diversity       increasing access to supporting          member engagement, we introduced
                        and inclusion survey. Across the two     policies and benefits.                   a new voluntary learning program,
                        engagement surveys, we recorded a                                                 ‘Moments that Matter’. Designed as
                        score of 81 and 80 for team member       During the year we progressed
                                                                 leadership development, targeted         foundation learning for some 1,600
                        engagement - a strong outcome and                                                 people leaders across the business,
                        marginally higher than the Achievers®    coaching and mentor programs for
                                                                 our senior leadership, extended          the program has a particular focus
                        global benchmark.                                                                 on engaging and supporting our
                                                                 leadership team and future women
                        Within this result, the People Leader                                             retail leaders.
                                                                 leaders. The extended leadership
                        Index, which measures team member        and future women alumni grew to a        Through bite-sized learning and
                        perspectives of their leaders with       network of 459 leaders in FY23.          an engaging live-event series, the
                        a focus on care, context, clarity,                                                program targets ten ‘Moments
                        communication and coaching,              In addition, our people leaders          that Matter’ in the everyday team
                        increased to 85 - a one point increase   undertook two mandatory training         member experience. The program
                        on FY22.                                 modules on diversity and inclusion.      brings to life our values, supports
                        Committed to gender equality             Leadership and learning for              a safe working environment,
                                                                                                          and delivers insights into leading
                        Super Retail Group remains               the future                               leadership practices.
                        committed to achieving diversity in      Super Retail Group continued to
                        leadership and gender equality across    expand learning and leadership
                                                                                                          Supporting a healthy and safe
                        the organisation. In recognition of      development programs in FY23.            work environment
                        this commitment, the Workplace
                                                                 Team members strongly supported          We are committed to the health
                        Gender Equality Agency has
                                                                 a suite of development programs          and safety of our team members,
                        confirmed our status as an Employer
                                                                 during the year, including more than     customers and business partners, and
                        of Choice. The Group has a goal of
                                                                 78,000 hours of voluntary learning       continuously strive to improve our
                        40:40:20 representation in Board,
                                                                 completed through the anytime-           performance in this area.
                        executive and senior leadership
                        positions by 2025 (40 per cent           learning SOULlibrary program and         Our Total Recordable Injury
                        identifying as female, 40 per cent       almost 72,000 hours through the          Frequency Rate (TRIFR), which
                        identifying as male, and 20 per cent     SOULexperts program, which helps         increased slightly by 3.5 per cent to
                        identifying as any gender).              team members establish the               11.0, was impacted by higher team
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                           48




                        TRIFR                            TEAM MEMBER


                        11.0
                                                         ENGAGEMENT




                        WOMEN IN SENIOR
                        LEADERSHIP                            81 & 80
                        38%                                 September 2022          February 2023




For personal use only
                         member turnover and increased              Our changes included enhancements
                         trade volume. Manual handling and          to the Code of Conduct and the
                         stock movement contributed to              introduction of a Harassment-
                         more than 70 per cent of injuries          Free Workplace Policy and Guide.
                         during the year. Our Supply Chain          In addition, Super Retail Group
                         division improved its TRIFR by 17          maintains a risk assessment register
                         per cent compared to the prior year.       to identify potential causes of sexual
                         Pleasingly, our Safety Effort (a leading   harassment and provide access to
                         indicator) measure exceeded our            policy, training and other prevention
                         target, and we remain committed to         levers if required. Within the annual
                         improving our injury performance           mandatory training calendar,
                         across the Group.                          communication and training remains
                         Our commitment to addressing               a key focus to prevent unacceptable
                         critical risks remained at the forefront   conduct in the business.
                         of our health and safety agenda.           Continued improvements in
                         FY23 marked the second year of             reporting and monitoring help
                         our Health and Safety Assurance            us refine our risk settings and
                         program, which focuses on critical         disciplinary consequences.                any time, on any device, which hands
                         controls across our network.                                                         them back more time in their day.
                                                                    The accountability and responsibility     Their valuable minutes are now spent
                         Recognising the significance of            for meeting our obligations and           optimising their store for improved
                         fixtures and fittings in our stores, our   caring for our team sits with both        sales performance and coaching
                         health and safety function developed       first and second-line leaders. To help    their team.
                         guidance to reduce risks through           facilitate this, we have introduced
                         base design criteria, prototyping new      quarterly Respect@Work councils for       In addition, improved data insight
                         items, and construction procedures         our brands to discuss observational       and workforce planning practices
                         for new fixtures and fittings.             and fact-based trends as they arise,      has enabled the Group to increase
                                                                    maintain momentum on key actions          the proportion of permanent team
                         A harassment-free workplace                and support leaders in creating safe      members in store by 25 per cent
                         We are always looking to improve           workplaces for our diverse workforce.     since 2021. This is a key value
                         and refine our people policies with a                                                proposition for our team in a tight
                         goal of creating a workplace free of       Improving employment                      labour market. It provides our team
                         harassment.                                outcomes                                  with employment certainty, annual
                                                                                                              and carers leave and opportunities
                         After reflecting on legislative changes    Over the last three years, Super Retail   for development - all of which
                         introduced in the Respect@Work Act         Group has made sweeping changes           create a sustainable employment
                         in 2022, and the Australian Human          to our rostering, time and attendance     contribution to the communities
                         Rights Commission’s Framework, we          system and practices.                     we serve.
                         strengthened the Group’s policies          A new system – Dimensions – is
                         to enhance our approach to any             helping us work smarter and faster.
                         cases of sexual harassment, bullying,
                         discrimination, and other serious          Our store managers can build, update
                         misconduct in the workplace.               and post rosters, from anywhere, at
                         49                                                                    SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23



                         BOARD OF
                         DIRECTORS




                                                        SALLY PITKIN AO                          ANTHONY HERAGHTY                    HOWARD MOWLEM
                                                        Independent                              Group Managing Director             Independent
                                                        Non-Executive Chair                      and Chief Executive Officer         Non-Executive Director




For personal use only
                        Appointed
                                                        Director since 1 July 2010               20 February 2019                    13 June 2017
                                                        Chair since 23 October 2017

                        Committees
                                                        Chair of the Nomination                                                      Chair of the Audit and Risk
                                                        Committee                                                                    Committee
                                                        Member of the Human Resources                                                Member of the Human Resources
                                                        and Remuneration Committee                                                   and Remuneration Committee




                        Qualifications and experience
                                                        Sally has more than 25 years’            Anthony has more than 20 years’     Howard is experienced in many
                                                        experience as a Non–Executive            leadership experience across        segments of the Australian and
                                                        Director in the listed, private,         the retail, apparel, FMCG and       international retail industry and
                                                        public and non-profit sectors,           marketing services industries.      brings extensive experience
                                                        including in international               Prior to his appointment as         in corporate finance, mergers
                                                        markets, and 19 years’                   Group Managing Director and         and acquisitions, financial
                                                        experience as a non-executive            Chief Executive Officer, Anthony    reporting, treasury, tax, audit and
                                                        director of ASX200 companies in          was Managing Director – Outdoor     governance. From 2003 to 2010,
                                                        the retail, leisure and hospitality,     Retailing (2015-2019) where he      he was Chief Financial Officer
                                                        and services sectors.                    was responsible for the BCF, Rays   and board member of Dairy Farm
                                                        She is a former lawyer and senior        and Macpac businesses. Anthony      International Holdings, a Hong
                                                        corporate partner of a national          has served in a variety of senior   Kong-based pan-Asian retailer.
                                                        law firm. Sally holds a Doctor           roles including Group General       Prior to that, for 12 years he
                                                        of Philosophy (Governance), a            Manager of Underwear for Pacific    held various finance positions at
                                                        Master of Laws and Bachelor of           Brands Limited, where he led the    Coles Myer Ltd, including Finance
                                                        Laws.                                    overhaul of the Bonds business      Director for Coles Supermarkets.
                                                                                                 from a wholesale operation          Howard was formerly a Non-
                                                                                                 to an omni-retailer, Global         Executive Director and Audit
                                                                                                 Marketing Director for Foster’s     Committee Chair of Billabong
                                                                                                 Group Limited and Managing          International Limited. He
                                                                                                 Director for George Patterson       holds a Bachelor of Economics
                                                                                                 and McCann Erickson. Anthony        (Hons), a Master of Business
                                                                                                 holds a Bachelor of Business        Administration and Securities
                                                                                                 from the Queensland University      Industry Diploma.
                                                                                                 of Technology and is a graduate
                                                                                                 member of the Australian
                                                                                                 Institute of Company Directors.

                        Directorships of listed
                        companies within past           Director of Link Administration
                        three years                     Holdings Limited (since
                                                        September 2015)
                                                        Director of The Star
                                                        Entertainment Group Limited
                                                        (December 2014 – June 2022)
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                           50




                 PETER EVERINGHAM                      ANNABELLE CHAPLAIN AM JUDITH SWALES                                          MARK O’HARE
                 Independent                           Independent                           Independent                            Non-Executive Director
                 Non-Executive Director                Non-Executive Director                Non-Executive Director




For personal use only
                 19 December 2017                      31 March 2020                         1 November 2021                        4 April 2023



                 Chair of the Human Resources          Member of the Audit and Risk          Member of the Audit and                Member of the Audit and
                 and Remuneration Committee            Committee                             Risk Committee                         Risk Committee
                 Member of the Audit and Risk          Member of the Nomination              Member of the Nomination               (since 4 April 2023)
                 Committee                             Committee                             Committee (since 4 April 2023)
                 Member of the Nomination
                 Committee (since 4 April 2023)



                 Peter is an experienced executive     Annabelle brings broad-ranging        Judith is a retail, sales, marketing   Mark O’Hare is an experienced
                 with more than 25 years’              experience in financial services,     and manufacturing professional         strategic business adviser with
                 corporate experience, including 18    industrial and infrastructure         who has more than 20 years’            a long-standing advisory role
                 years in senior executive roles in    services. Her previous roles          experience in high profile, global,    supporting Super Retail Group co-
                 the digital sector. He was formerly   include Chair of Queensland           consumer facing companies.             founder Reg Rowe stretching back
                 Managing Director of SEEK             Airports Ltd and Director of          Judith is currently the Chief          more than 35 years.
                 Limited’s International Division,     Downer EDI Limited, Credible          Executive Officer Global Markets       As a former partner with Grant
                 and served as a Non-Executive         Labs Inc and EFIC (Australia’s        at Fonterra.                           Thornton, Mark has established
                 Director of iCar Asia Limited,        export credit agency).                Her previous roles include             expertise in the areas of business
                 ME Bank and the education             Annabelle is a member of              Managing Director of Heinz             services and taxation. Having
                 businesses, IDP Education, Online     the Australian Ballet Board of        Australia, Chief Executive Officer     previously worked as a chartered
                 Education Services and THINK          Directors.                            and Managing Director of               accountant at Ernst & Young, Mark
                 Education, as well as Chairman of                                           Goodyear Dunlop Tyres Australia        had three decades with Grant
                 SEEK’s China subsidiary, Zhaopin      She holds an MBA (University of
                                                       Melbourne), a BA majoring in          and New Zealand, and Managing          Thornton in the private business
                 Limited. Prior to SEEK, Peter was                                           Director of Angus & Roberston/         tax and advisory practice. Mark
                 Director of Strategy for Yahoo! in    Economics and Mandarin (Griffith
                                                       University), a diploma from the       WH Smith Australia. She also           is the Chairman of the Re-Grow
                 Australia and Southeast Asia.                                               previously served as a Non-            Capital Group Advisory Group.
                                                       Securities Institute of Australia
                 Peter holds a Master of Business      and is a Fellow of the Australian     Executive Director of Fosters,         Mark completed a Bachelor of
                 Administration from IESE, a           Institute of Company Directors. In    Virgin Australia and DuluxGroup.       Commerce at the University of
                 Bachelor of Economics from The        2016, Griffith University conferred   Judith holds a Bachelor of Science     Queensland and is member of the
                 University of Sydney, and is a        on her an honorary doctorate for      (Honours) in Microbiology and          Australian Institute of Company
                 graduate member of the Australia      her service to banking, finance       Virology (University of Warwick)       Directors.
                 Institute of Company Directors.       and the Gold Coast community.         and is a graduate member of the
                 Peter is also a Director of WWF-                                            Australian Institute of Company
                 Australia.                                                                  Directors.



                 Director of Medibank Private          Director of Seven Group Holdings      Director of Virgin Australia
                 Limited (since March 2022)            Limited (since November 2015)         Holdings Limited (May 2019 –
                 Director of iCar Asia Limited         Chairman of MFF Capital               October 2020) (delisted from ASX
                 (July 2017 – May 2022) (delisted      Investments Limited (Director         on 17 November 2020)
                 from ASX on 11 February 2022)         since May 2019 and Chairman
                                                       since August 2019)
                        51                                                                      SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23



                        EXECUTIVE
                        LEADERSHIP TEAM




                        PAUL BRADSHAW                                   DAVID BURNS                                      SU DUFFEY
                        Managing Director – BCF                         Chief Financial Officer                          Chief of Business Operations and
                                                                                                                         Chief of Staff




For personal use only
                        Paul joined Super Retail Group in December      David joined Super Retail Group in               Su joined Super Retail Group in July 2022 as
                        2019 as Managing Director for BCF and           December 2012 in the role of Chief Financial     Chief of Business Operations and Chief of
                        brings deep retail expertise from more than     Officer. David has overall responsibility for    Staff following a 30-year career spanning a
                        30 years in executive and management            the finance, investor relations, and property    range of leadership and executive roles in
                        leadership roles at successful retailers in     and store improvement portfolios. David          Australia and New Zealand. Her experience
                        both Australia and internationally. After       holds a degree in Economics from the             covers strategy, operating model and
                        working in various managerial roles at          University of Sydney and is a FCPA. He has       organisation design, Human Resources,
                        Safeway in the United Kingdom, Paul             more than 30 years of finance experience in      marketing, retail customer experience, and
                        joined ASDA Stores working in regional          a number of industry sectors, and previously     ways of working and digital transformation.
                        and headquarters planning and strategy          held senior management positions at              Su holds a Master of Business Administration
                        positions. Paul worked for nearly a decade      Qantas, Spotless and Lend Lease.                 and a Bachelor of Arts (Politics and History),
                        with the Coles Group, holding a number                                                           both from Victoria University of Wellington
                        of leadership positions including Group                                                          in New Zealand.
                        General Manager, Store Development and
                        Chief Store Operations Officer where he
                        was responsible for creating and driving
                        the operations strategy.




                        REBECCA FARRELL                                 KEVIN FIGUEIREDO                                 JANE KELLY
                        Chief Legal Officer and                         General Manager - Health, Safety                 Chief Human Resources Officer
                        Company Secretary                               and Sustainability

                        Rebecca joined Super Retail Group in            Kevin joined Super Retail Group in February      Jane joined Super Retail Group in July
                        February 2020 as Chief Legal Officer and        2020 as General Manager of Health, Safety,       2016 as Chief Human Resources Officer
                        Company Secretary, and is responsible for       Risk and Sustainability. In January 2023, he     and is responsible for the company’s
                        leading our legal, risk, compliance and group   joined the Executive Leadership Team and         workforce strategy, leadership and capability
                        secretariat functions. She has extensive        is responsible for leading our health, safety,   development, employee relations and
                        executive experience in legal and corporate     sustainability and insurance functions,          corporate affairs. Through the Group
                        governance, gained through roles in top         including the Group’s wellbeing program          people strategy, she delivers sustainable
                        tier law firms and blue-chip corporates         and flagship mental health initiative, I Am      business outcomes, with a focus on quality
                        throughout the US, Europe, Asia and             Here. Kevin has previously held executive        stakeholder engagement. Jane holds
                        Australia including IAG, Amcor and Westpac.     positions at Woolworths Group, Westpac           a Master of Commerce and Employee
                        Rebecca holds a Bachelor of Laws (first class   and Goodman Fielder. He holds a Bachelor         Relations with Honours from the University
                        honours) from Monash University and a           of Chemistry and a Masters in Safety from        of Melbourne and a Bachelor of Commerce
                        Bachelor of Arts.                               West Virginia University and is a Graduate       from the University of New South Wales. She
                                                                        of the Australian Institute of Company           was previously the Human Resources and
                                                                        Directors. Kevin is a passionate advocate for    Corporate Affairs Director at BT Financial
                                                                        the inclusion of people living with disability   Group and also held senior roles as Head
                                                                        and has served on the Australian National        of Reward for St. George Bank and Head
                                                                        Disability Board since 2006.                     of Human Resources - Australian Financial
                                                                                                                         Services at Westpac.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                             52




                        MANDY ROSS                                     RORY SCOTT                                      CATHY SEAHOLME
                        Chief Information and Digital Officer          Chief Strategy and Customer Officer             Managing Director – Macpac




For personal use only
                        Mandy is an experienced IT and digital         Rory has been with Super Retail Group           Cathy is an experienced retail executive,
                        executive with expertise in technology         since October 2010 in a variety of roles        holding senior leadership roles with high-
                        delivery, digital transformation, IT and       covering merchandising, marketing and           profile businesses during a retail career
                        cyber governance, and contemporary IT          strategy. In July 2022, Rory was appointed      in Australia of more than 30 years. Cathy
                        operating models. She joined Super Retail      as Chief Strategy and Customer Officer          was previously General Manager Retail
                        Group in October 2021. For the 15 years        with responsibility for corporate strategy      Operations for Priceline Pharmacy, part of
                        prior, Mandy held CIO roles with some of       development, analytics, marketing and           the ASX-listed Australian Pharmaceutical
                        Australia’s largest ASX-listed organisations   customer strategy. He holds a Bachelor of       Industries Limited, one of Australia’s leading
                        including Tabcorp, Tatts Group and Wotif       Economics degree from Trinity College,          health and beauty companies. Prior to
                        Group. In these roles Mandy traversed          Dublin. Rory has extensive international        Priceline, Cathy was General Manager
                        customer centric strategy delivery, digital    retail experience including leadership          for The Body Shop Australia, and has
                        maturity acceleration, IT and cyber            roles with Marks and Spencer, Jigsaw and        previously held senior leadership roles with
                        resilience programs, M&A integrations,         Australian Geographic and has worked            retail brands including Meredith, French
                        and value optimisation.                        in a number of countries throughout Asia        Connection and the Country Road Group’s
                                                                       and Europe.                                     Witchery and Mimco.




                        BENJAMIN WARD                                  DARREN WEDDING                                  GARY WILLIAMS
                        Managing Director – Supercheap Auto            Chief Supply Chain Officer                      Managing Director – rebel


                        Benjamin joined Super Retail Group in July     Darren joined Super Retail Group in January     Gary joined Super Retail Group in April 2019
                        2019 as Managing Director – Supercheap         2019 as Chief Supply Chain Officer. Darren’s    as Managing Director – rebel. Gary has
                        Auto. Benjamin holds a Bachelor of             role encompasses sourcing, international        more than 30 years of global retail, brand
                        Business (Marketing) from the University       shipping, inbound and outbound logistics,       and property experience, including senior
                        of Newcastle and is an experienced             distribution centre operations and omni-        executive roles in Australia - where he has
                        retail executive with 25 years in senior       fulfilment. Darren has more than 30 years’      served for the past 20 years – the US, UK,
                        management roles across Australia, UK,         experience in supply chain and logistics        Asia Pacific and South Africa. Previously
                        US and Europe, including two decades           having served in a broad array of industries    Gary was the Chief Operating Officer for
                        with international supermarket giant ALDI.     including military, steel manufacturing,        the Alceon Retail Group and has also held
                        Previously, he was Managing Director,          FMCG, retail and third-party logistics, with    executive, board and senior retail leadership
                        Global Business Coordination for ALDI          ten of these years operating in Asia. Darren    roles with brands including David Jones/
                        Supermarkets based in Germany. Benjamin        has completed an MBA, holds a Master of         Country Road Group, Myer, OK Bazaars,
                        also held various senior leadership roles      Business Administration, is a Graduate of       Puma, Reebok, Coca-Cola, Westfield and
                        at ALDI in Operations, Merchandising,          the Australian Institute of Company             Topshop.
                        Transformation and Change Management.          Directors and currently Chairs the Australian
                                                                       Retailers Association Supply Chain Sub
                                                                       Committee.
                         For personal use only
                                                 53




For the financial
year ended
                                    20
1 July 2023             Di
                      Re re
                             23
                    Fin m cto
                       an un rs’
                         cia era Re
                            l S tio po
                               ta n rt
                                 te Re
                                   m p
                                    en or
                                      ts t
                                                 SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                                        54
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                                        54

                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        The Directors present their report together with the consolidated financial statements of the Group comprising Super Retail Group and its
                        subsidiaries for the financial year ended 1 July 2023.

                        The Company has adopted a 52-week financial year, for financial reporting purposes, which ended on 1 July 2023. The prior financial year
                        was a 53-week period ended on 2 July 2022.

                        1.         Directors

                        The following persons were Directors of the Company at any time during the financial year and up to the date of this report:
                        -     Sally Pitkin AO - Independent Non-Executive Chair
                        -     Anthony Heraghty - Group Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer (Group MD and CEO)
                        -     Annabelle Chaplain AM - Independent Non-Executive Director
                        -     Peter Everingham - Independent Non-Executive Director
                        -     Howard Mowlem - Independent Non-Executive Director
                        -     Judith Swales - Independent Non-Executive Director
                        -     Mark O’Hare - Non-Executive Director (appointed 4 April 2023)




For personal use only
                        -     Reg Rowe - Non-Executive Director (retired effective 4 April 2023)

                        Those Directors listed as Independent Non-Executive Directors have been independent throughout the period of their appointment.

                        Details of the qualifications, experience, special responsibilities and other details of the Directors are set out on pages 49 to 50.

                        2.         Board and Board Committee meetings and attendance

                        The number of meetings of the Board and each Board Committee and the individual attendance by Directors at those meetings which they
                        were eligible to attend as members, during the financial year, is summarised in the table below. The table excludes the attendance of those
                        Directors who attended Board Committee meetings of which they were not a member.

                                                                                                                        Audit and Risk             Human Resources and
                                                                 Board              Nomination Committee                 Committee                Remuneration Committee
                        Number of meetings                        10                            2                              4                                5
                                                       Held(1)         Attended       Held(1)       Attended         Held(1)       Attended         Held(1)           Attended
                        Sally Pitkin AO                  10              10             2               2               -              -               5                 5
                        Anthony Heraghty                 10              10              -              -               -              -               -                 -
                        Annabelle Chaplain AM            10              10             2               2               4              3               -                 -
                        Peter Everingham (2)             10              10             2               2               4              4               5                 5
                        Howard Mowlem                    10              10              -              -               4              4               5                 5
                        Judith Swales (3)                10              10             2               2               4              4               -                 -
                        Mark O’Hare (4)                  2                2              -              -               1              1               -                 -
                        Reg Rowe (5)                     8                8              -              -               -              -               -                 -
                        (1) Total number of meetings held during the time the Director was a member of the Board or the relevant Committee.
                        (2) Mr Everingham became a member of the Nomination Committee on 4 April 2023.
                        (3) Ms Swales became a member of the Nomination Committee on 4 April 2023.
                        (4) Mr O’Hare was appointed as a Non-Executive Director, and as a member of the Audit and Risk Committee, on 4 April 2023.
                        (5) Mr Rowe ceased to be a Director of the Company on 4 April 2023. He also ceased to be a member of the Nomination Committee on that date.



                        All Board members may attend any Committee meeting even if they are not a member of the relevant Committee.

                        In addition to the meetings of the Board and its Committees reflected in the table above, a further 13 special purpose Board
                        sub‑committee meetings were held during FY23.
                        55                                                                             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23
                        55                                                                           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23

                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT (continued)
                        3.             Directors’ interests

                        As at the date of this report, the Directors have the following relevant interests in ordinary shares of the Company and other relevant
                        disclosable interests, as notified by the Directors to the ASX in accordance with the Corporations Act:

                            Director                                                 Number of ordinary shares                       Number of performance rights
                            Sally Pitkin AO                                                           68,405                                               -
                            Anthony Heraghty                                                        252,840(1)                                       340,986
                            Annabelle Chaplain AM                                                     17,871                                               -
                            Peter Everingham                                                          60,000                                               -
                            Howard Mowlem                                                             34,286                                               -
                            Judith Swales                                                              5,925                                               -
                            Mark O’Hare                                                          66,002,154(2)                                             -
                        (1) Includes 55,711 restricted shares held under the Super Retail Group Employee Equity Incentive Plan.
                        (2) Includes 65,918,556 ordinary shares held under powers of attorney noted in Mr O’Hare’s Appendix 3Y dated 15 June 2023.




For personal use only
                        Further details regarding the performance rights and restricted shares held by the Group MD and CEO are set out in the Remuneration Report
                        on pages 72 to 75.

                        4.             Company Secretaries

                        Rebecca Farrell and Amelia Berczelly are the Company Secretaries of the Company.

                        Ms Farrell joined Super Retail Group as Chief Legal Officer and Company Secretary on 10 February 2020. Details of Ms Farrell's qualifications
                        and experience are set out on page 51.

                        Ms Berczelly is General Manager, Group Secretariat and Corporate Legal at Super Retail Group, and was appointed as an additional Company
                        Secretary of the Company on 22 March 2023. Ms Berczelly has responsibility for Super Retail Group’s company secretarial requirements and
                        provides advice on corporate law, governance and head office advisory matters. She has over 15 years’ experience as a corporate lawyer at
                        Super Retail Group and in private practice at leading international law firms. Ms Berczelly holds a Bachelor of Laws (First Class Honours) from
                        The University of Sydney, in addition to a Bachelor of Business Administration and Bachelor of Arts in Japanese Studies.

                        5.             Principal activities

                        The Company is a for-profit entity and is primarily involved in the retail industry. Founded in 1972 as an automotive accessories mail order
                        business that evolved into Supercheap Auto, the Group has grown through both organic growth and mergers and acquisitions evolving its
                        principal activities to include:
                        -      Supercheap Auto (SCA): retailing of auto parts and accessories, tools and equipment;
                        -      rebel: retailing of sporting equipment and apparel;
                        -      BCF: retailing of boating, camping and outdoor equipment, fishing equipment and apparel; and
                        -      Macpac: retailing of apparel, camping and outdoor equipment.

                        For further details about the Group’s strategy refer to pages 13 to 14.

                        There were no significant changes to the principal activities of the Group during the financial year under review that are not otherwise
                        disclosed in this report.

                        6.             Operating and financial review

                        Refer to pages 3 to 48 of this Annual Report for the following in respect of the Group:
                        -      a review of operations during the year and the results of those operations;
                        -      likely developments in the operations in future financial years and the expected results of those operations;
                        -      comments on the financial position;
                        -      comments on business strategies and prospects for future financial years;
                        -      details of any dividends or distributions determined, declared or paid during the financial year by the Company; and
                        -      an outline of the material business risks that may affect the Group.

                        Information on the Group’s business strategies and future prospects and the likely developments in the Group’s operations for future
                        financial years and the expected results of those operations that could result in unreasonable prejudice to the Group (for example,
                        information that is commercially sensitive, confidential or could give a third party a commercial advantage) has not been included in this
                        report.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                             56
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                             56

                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT (continued)
                        7.         Segment results prior to AASB 16 Leases

                        The segment results below show results by division excluding the impact of AASB16 Leases. The segment results on a post AASB16 Leases
                        basis are in Financial Statements – Note 4 Segment information.


                                                                                                                               Total      Inter-segment
                                                                                                                          continuing       eliminations/
                        For the 52 week period ended 1 July 2023             SCA        rebel         BCF      Macpac     operations         unallocated   Consolidated
                                                                              $m          $m          $m          $m             $m                  $m             $m
                        Segment Revenue and Other Income
                        External segment revenue                          1,447.9     1,309.1        839.9       205.7        3,802.6                  -         3,802.6
                        Inter segment sales                                     -           -            -        10.7           10.7             (10.7)               -
                        Other income                                          0.3         0.2            -         0.2            0.7                3.7             4.4
                        Total segment revenue and other income            1,448.2     1,309.3        839.9       216.6        3,814.0              (7.0)         3,807.0
                        Segment EBITDA                                      252.0       186.2         73.5        33.5          545.2             (28.6)           516.6
                        Segment depreciation and amortisation             (45.0)        (39.3)      (21.5)        (4.4)       (110.2)              (5.9)          (116.1)




For personal use only
                        Segment EBIT result                               207.0         146.9         52.0        29.1          435.0             (34.5)            400.5
                        Net finance costs                                                                                                                            (5.5)
                        Total segment NPBT                                                                                                                          395.0
                        Segment income tax expense                                                                                                                (118.4)
                        Normalised NPAT                                                                                                                             276.6
                        AASB16 Leases adjustment                                                                                                                     (3.1)
                        Other items not included in the total segment NPAT                                                                                         (10.5)
                        Profit for the period attributable to:
                          Owners of Super Retail Group Limited                                                                                                     263.0
                        Profit for the period                                                                                                                      263.0


                                                                                                                               Total      Inter-segment
                                                                                                                          continuing       eliminations/
                        For the 53 week period ended 2 July 2022             SCA        rebel         BCF      Macpac     operations         unallocated   Consolidated
                                                                              $m          $m          $m          $m             $m                  $m             $m
                        Segment Revenue and Other Income
                        External segment revenue                          1,339.8     1,212.0        829.7       169.4        3,550.9                  -         3,550.9
                        Inter segment sales                                     -           -            -         7.4            7.4              (7.4)               -
                        Other income                                            -         0.1            -           -            0.1                  -             0.1
                        Total segment revenue and other income            1,339.8     1,212.1        829.7       176.8        3,558.4              (7.4)         3,551.0
                        Segment EBITDA                                      219.9       177.6         81.6        22.4          501.5             (37.2)           464.3
                        Segment depreciation and amortisation             (40.3)        (35.2)      (19.8)        (3.7)         (99.0)             (0.3)           (99.3)
                        Segment EBIT result                               179.6         142.4         61.8        18.7          402.5             (37.5)            365.0
                        Net finance costs                                                                                                                            (8.1)
                        Total segment NPBT                                                                                                                          356.9
                        Segment income tax expense                                                                                                                (107.7)
                        Normalised NPAT                                                                                                                             249.2
                        AASB16 Leases adjustment                                                                                                                     (5.1)
                        Other items not included in the total segment NPAT                                                                                           (2.9)
                        Profit for the period attributable to:
                          Owners of Super Retail Group Limited                                                                                                     241.2
                        Profit for the period                                                                                                                      241.2

                        8.         Environmental regulation and reporting

                        The Group's operations are subject to a range of environmental regulations under the laws of the Commonwealth of Australia and its States
                        and Territories. We report our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions from our Australian operations to the Clean Energy Regulator annually, under
                        the National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting scheme, established by the National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting Act 2007 (Cth). The
                        Company's FY23 Sustainability Report provides disclosure around the material ESG-related issues for the Group's businesses. The Group did
                        not incur any significant liabilities under any environmental legislation during the reporting period.

                        9.         Significant changes in the state of affairs

                        There were no other significant changes in the state of affairs of the Group that occurred during the financial year under review that are not
                        otherwise described in this report.
                        57                                                                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23
                        57                                                                      SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23

                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT (continued)
                        10.        Matters subsequent to the end of the financial year

                        At the date of this report, the Directors are not aware of any matter or circumstance, other than transactions or matters disclosed in this
                        report, that has arisen and has significantly affected or may significantly affect the operations of the Group, the results of those operations
                        or the state of affairs of the Group in the financial years subsequent to 1 July 2023.

                        11.        Non-audit services

                        Details of fees paid or payable to the Company’s auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers, and its network firms for non-audit services provided
                        during the financial year are set out on page 144 in Note 31 – Remuneration of auditors in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.

                        The Board has considered and, in accordance with the advice received from the Audit and Risk Committee, is satisfied that the provision of
                        the non-audit services during the financial year is compatible with the general standard of independence for auditors imposed by the
                        Corporations Act for the following reasons:
                        -     all non-audit services have been reviewed by the Audit and Risk Committee to ensure they do not impact the impartiality and objectivity
                              of the auditor; and
                        -     none of the services undermine the general principles relating to auditor independence as set out in APES 110 Code of Ethics for




For personal use only
                              Professional Accountants.

                        12.        Corporate Governance Statement

                        The Company’s Corporate Governance Statement for the financial year ended 1 July 2023 can be accessed in the Corporate Governance
                        section of the Company’s website.

                        13.        Proceedings on behalf of the Company

                        No person has applied to the Court under section 237 of the Corporations Act for leave to bring proceedings on behalf of the Company, or
                        to intervene in any proceedings to which the Company is a party for the purpose of taking responsibility on behalf of the Company for all or
                        part of those proceedings.

                        14.        Auditor’s independence declaration

                        A copy of the auditor’s independence declaration as required under section 307C of the Corporations Act is set out on page 59.

                        15.        Remuneration Report

                        The audited Remuneration Report is set out on pages 61 to 91.

                        16.        Options over unissued shares

                        No options over unissued shares in the Company were in existence at the beginning of the financial year or granted during, or since the end
                        of, the financial year.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                                 58
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                                 58

                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT (continued)
                        17.        Directors’ and Officers’ indemnification and insurance

                        The Company's Constitution permits the Company to indemnify any current or former director, secretary or senior manager of the Company
                        or of a related body corporate of the Company out of the property of the Company against:
                        -     every liability incurred by the person in that capacity (except a liability for legal costs); and
                        -     all legal costs incurred in defending or resisting (or otherwise in connection with) proceedings, whether civil or criminal or of an
                              administrative or investigatory nature, in which the person becomes involved because of that capacity,
                        except to the extent that:
                        -     the Company is forbidden by law to indemnify the person against the liability or legal costs; or
                        -     an indemnity by the Company of the person against the liability or legal costs would, if given, be made void by law.

                        The Company has entered into a Deed of Indemnity, Insurance and Access (Deed) with each of the Directors. Under the Deed, the Company
                        agrees to, among other things, indemnify the Director on terms consistent with the Constitution. The Deed also entitles the Director to access
                        to company documents and records, subject to undertakings as to confidentiality, and to receive directors’ and officers’ insurance cover paid
                        for by the Company.

                        In addition, the Company has entered into individual deeds of indemnity and insurance with each other director, secretary and officer of the




For personal use only
                        Group on terms broadly consistent with the Deed, except that certain of these deeds do not provide for access to company documents and
                        records.

                        The Company has, during the financial year, paid premiums for Directors' and Officers' insurance for the benefit of directors, secretaries and
                        officers of the Group against certain liabilities incurred in that capacity. The Directors’ and Officers’ insurance policy prohibits disclosure of
                        the nature of the liabilities insured and the premiums payable under the policy.

                        18.        Incorporation of other content into this report

                        Where this report refers to other sections and pages of the Annual Report, that content forms part of this report.

                        19.        Rounding of amounts

                        The Company is of a kind referred to in ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors’ Reports) Instrument 2016/191, issued by the
                        Australian Securities and Investments Commission, relating to the ‘rounding off’ of amounts in the Directors’ Report. Amounts in the
                        Directors’ Report and the accompanying Financial Report have been rounded off in accordance with that instrument to the nearest hundred
                        thousand dollars, unless otherwise stated.

                        This report is made in accordance with a resolution of the Directors.




                        Sally Pitkin AO                                                                           Anthony Heraghty
                        Chair                                                                                     Group Managing Director and
                                                                                                                  Chief Executive Officer
                        Brisbane
                        17 August 2023
                         59
                        59                                                              SUPER
                                                                                     SUPER    RETAIL
                                                                                           RETAIL    GROUP
                                                                                                  GROUP    LIMITED
                                                                                                        LIMITED    ANNUAL
                                                                                                                 ANNUAL   REPORTFY23
                                                                                                                        REPORT   FY23




                              Auditor’s Independence Declaration
                              As lead auditor for the audit of Super Retail Group Limited for the period 3 July 2022 to 1 July 2023, I
                              declare that to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been:

                              (a) no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in




For personal use only
                                  relation to the audit; and
                              (b) no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.
                              This declaration is in respect of Super Retail Group Limited and the entities it controlled during the
                              period.




                              Paddy Carney                                                                                   Brisbane
                              Partner                                                                                  17 August 2023
                              PricewaterhouseCoopers




                              PricewaterhouseCoopers, ABN 52 780 433 757
                              480 Queen Street, BRISBANE QLD 4000, GPO Box 150, BRISBANE QLD 4001
                              T: +61 7 3257 5000, F: +61 7 3257 5999, www.pwc.com.au

                              Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                    60




For personal use only
                                        20                                         n
                                                    23                    Re
                                                                        Re m
                                                                          po un
                                                                             rt era
                                                                                   tio




                                                            For the financial
                                                            year ended
                                                            1 July 2023
                         61
                        61                                                                      SUPER
                                                                                              SUPER   RETAILGROUP
                                                                                                    RETAIL   GROUPLIMITED
                                                                                                                   LIMITEDANNUAL
                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                 REPORT FY23
                                                                                                                                        FY23



                        REMUNERATION REPORT                                                                                     REPORTING PERIOD
                        (AUDITED)                                                                                               ENDED 1 JULY 2023


                        CONTENTS
                        Section 1   Letter from the Chair of the Human Resources and Remuneration Committee
                        Section 2   Key Management Personnel
                        Section 3   FY23 Performance and Executive Remuneration Outcomes, including:
                                      Executive Remuneration table calculated in accordance with accounting standards
                                      Remuneration received
                                      Remuneration granted
                        Section 4   FY24 Remuneration Matters
                        Section 5   Executive Interests in Super Retail Group Securities
                        Section 6   Executive Remuneration Framework
                        Section 7   Non-Executive Director Remuneration Arrangements
                        Section 8   Transactions with KMP
                        Section 9   Remuneration Governance




For personal use only
                        Introduction
                        The Directors of Super Retail Group present this Remuneration Report for the financial year ended 1 July 2023. The Remuneration Report
                        explains how the Group’s performance has driven executive remuneration outcomes and provides the details of specific remuneration
                        arrangements that apply to Key Management Personnel (KMP) in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (Corporations Act), the
                        Corporations Regulations 2001 (Cth) and applicable Australian accounting standards. The report also outlines the Group’s remuneration
                        philosophy and governance.


                        SECTION 1
                        Letter from the Chair of the Human Resources and Remuneration Committee

                        Dear Shareholders,

                        On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present the Remuneration Report for financial year ended 1 July 2023 which describes how Non-
                        Executive Directors and Executive KMP are paid. Included in this report are the fixed and variable remuneration outcomes for Executive
                        KMP, which were determined after considering the Company’s results and their individual performance. Our remuneration strategy has
                        been developed to ensure remuneration is fair and competitive. During FY23 the Board continued to focus on a framework that aligns
                        remuneration with performance outcomes and has regard for the experience of our customers and the expectations of our shareholders
                        and the community. The first portion of the report focuses on FY23 performance and the link to remuneration outcomes. Statutory tables
                        are incorporated in Section 3 (Executive KMP) and Section 7 (Non-Executive Directors). Detail of the remuneration policies and framework
                        for Executive KMP is presented in Section 6.

                        Our Remuneration Report for FY22 received shareholder support at the 2022 Annual General Meeting (AGM), with 97.5 per cent of votes
                        in favour of adoption. In presenting the FY23 remuneration outcomes and considering changes for FY24, we have taken into account
                        feedback from shareholders.

                        Super Retail Group delivered another year of record sales in FY23, as we continued the successful execution of the Group strategy.
                        Pleasingly, despite growing inflationary pressure on costs, the group delivered a strong profit result, and a higher net profit before tax
                        margin compared with FY22.

                        We met stretch targets with the ongoing investment in the Group’s store network through new store openings, store refurbishments and
                        the roll out of new store formats. This was a key driver of revenue growth.

                        We executed on our ambition to continue growing our active club membership base, with the addition of 1.1 million active club members
                        in FY23, taking the Group to more than ten million active club members across its loyalty programs.

                        While the cost of doing business was impacted by increasing inflationary pressures, leveraging the benefits from the FY23 portfolio program
                        helped the Group manage its cost base.

                        We also saw progress against the execution of our Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) framework, where we delivered sound
                        progress against our 2030 ESG goals and targets.
                         SUPERRETAIL
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP
                                     GROUP LIMITED
                                           LIMITEDANNUAL
                                                   ANNUALREPORT
                                                          REPORTFY23
                                                                  FY23                                                                                          62
                                                                                                                                                                 62




                        REMUNERATION REPORT                                                                                     REPORTING PERIOD
                        (AUDITED)                                                                                               ENDED 1 JULY 2023


                        The Group’s financial performance has resulted in the opening of the performance gate for the Short-Term Incentive (STI) Scheme. The
                        Executive KMP STI achievement, as detailed in Section 3 of this report, was commensurate with the performance of the Company during
                        FY23. The overall result for the Group Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer (Group MD and CEO), Anthony Heraghty, was between
                        target and stretch, a performance score of 113.2 (compared to target at 100 and stretch at 150).

                        As disclosed in the FY21 Remuneration Report, the Board made the decision in FY21 to make one-off changes to the approach to the Long-
                        Term Incentive (LTI) arrangements for FY21, aligned to the Group’s Medium-Term Business Plan (MTBP) formulated in the context of the
                        COVID-19 pandemic. At the 2020 AGM, shareholders approved the FY21 LTI grant for the Group MD and CEO. The FY21 LTI grant had a
                        two-year performance period ending in FY22, and also included the FY22 LTI reward. This one-off change in approach means that there
                        were no LTI grants eligible for vesting in FY23. Detail of the plan is shown in Section 6.

                        Bringing forward the FY22 LTI reward into the FY21 LTI grant also created a gap in the testing of LTI outcomes in FY24, resulting in a lower
                        amount of LTI to potentially vest in 2024 and 2025 when compared to the steady state, which was raised as a concern by some investors.
                        To address the gap in potential equity vesting in FY24 and to support retention of executives and incentivise outperformance, the Board




For personal use only
                        determined that it was appropriate to make a restricted equity-based award on a one-off basis for FY23, dependent on significant
                        outperformance of Normalised Net Profit Before Tax (NPBT). Refer to Section 6 for further detail.

                        The transition in the executive leadership of the Macpac business saw the appointment of Cathy Seaholme as Managing Director - Macpac
                        (MD Macpac) on 25 October 2021. As there was no LTI grant for KMP in FY22, Ms Seaholme received an initial incentive related to the
                        results of the Macpac business unit. This arrangement comprising both cash and equity components is detailed in Section 6.

                        In the context of market data for similarly sized ASX-listed companies and industry peers and continued strong performance in FY23, the
                        Board approved remuneration changes for some Executive KMP. The Board considered feedback from shareholders regarding the
                        determination of the relevant benchmark for remuneration levels. Market data provides one input to the Board’s decision-making on
                        remuneration levels. The benchmarking approach allows the Board to consider a broad range of comparable roles in companies or, where
                        relevant, business units of similar size and scale, as well as industry peers. This dual lens provides both a large enough sample to form a
                        view on remuneration levels across the broader market for talent as well as sector specific insights.

                        The intent of the changes to Executive KMP remuneration in FY24 is to maintain alignment of Total Target Remuneration and mix towards
                        the 75th percentile of the relevant peer group in the market. Other than for the MD Macpac, the FY24 reward targets for STI remain the
                        same as FY23 reward targets for Executive KMP. Executive KMP Fixed remuneration will increase by, on average, 3.8 per cent compared
                        to FY23 in line with market compensation ratios. Fixed remuneration for the Group MD and CEO remains the same for FY24 as for FY23, as
                        does the STI target, with a 3.6 per cent increase in total target reward to be delivered in equity via an increased LTI grant (subject to
                        shareholder approval at the 2023 AGM). Remuneration mix is set out in Section 4.

                        As approved by shareholders at the 2022 AGM for the Group CEO and MD FY23 LTI award, in FY23 the Board determined that the EPS
                        hurdle for the LTI grant should be a cumulative measure over three years instead of the Compound Average Growth Rate previously used.
                        Cumulative normalised EPS was chosen as an appropriate measure given market volatility and the need to set meaningful and stretching
                        performance measures taking into account both headwinds and economic uncertainty. For the FY23 grant, cumulative EPS is measured
                        over FY23, FY24 and FY25. The Board noted in the FY22 Notice of Meeting that the hurdle would be disclosed retrospectively. The Board
                        considered feedback and to provide transparency has decided it is now appropriate to disclose the detail of the FY23 hurdles. Our ongoing
                        practice will be to retrospectively disclose these hurdles. These are now set out in Table 16.

                        On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank and congratulate the entire Super Retail Group team on the strong results, both financial and
                        non-financial. We welcome your feedback on our FY23 Remuneration Report.




                        Yours sincerely,
                        Peter Everingham
                        Chair of the Human Resources and Remuneration Committee
                        6363                                                                                               SUPER
                                                                                                                        SUPER    RETAIL
                                                                                                                              RETAIL    GROUP
                                                                                                                                     GROUP    LIMITED
                                                                                                                                            LIMITED   ANNUALREPORT
                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL   REPORTFY23
                                                                                                                                                                    FY23




                         REMUNERATION REPORT                                                                                                                            REPORTING PERIOD
                         (AUDITED)                                                                                                                                      ENDED 1 JULY 2023


                         SECTION 2
                         Key Management Personnel

                         The names and titles of the Group’s KMP for FY23, being those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and
                         controlling the activities of the Group, are set out below.

                           Name                                                              Position                                                                                            Term as KMP(1)

                           Non-Executive Directors
                           Sally Pitkin AO                                                   Chair and Independent Non-Executive                                                 Director since 1 July 2010
                                                                                             Director                                                                        (Chair from 23 October 2017)




For personal use only
                           Howard Mowlem                                                     Independent Non-Executive Director                                                                     13 June 2017
                           Peter Everingham                                                  Independent Non-Executive Director                                                             19 December 2017
                           Annabelle Chaplain AM                                             Independent Non-Executive Director                                                                   31 March 2020
                           Judith Swales                                                     Independent Non-Executive Director                                                              1 November 2021
                           Mark O’Hare                                                       Non-Executive Director                                                                                  4 April 2023
                           Former Non-Executive Directors

                           Reg Rowe                                                          Non-Executive Director                                                               8 April 2004 to 4 April 2023
                           Executives

                           Anthony Heraghty                                                  Group Managing Director and                                                            KMP since 27 April 2015
                                                                                             Chief Executive Officer                                                              (Group MD and CEO from
                                                                                                                                                                                         20 February 2019)

                           David Burns                                                       Chief Financial Officer                                                                          3 December 2012
                           Gary Williams                                                     Managing Director - rebel                                                                               2 April 2019
                           Benjamin Ward                                                     Managing Director - Supercheap Auto                                                                  1 August 2019
                           Paul Bradshaw                                                     Managing Director - BCF                                                                        25 November 2019

                           Cathy Seaholme                                                    Managing Director - Macpac                                                                        25 October 2021

                         (1)   Indicates date of commencement as a KMP and, where applicable, the date of cessation as a KMP. Except where otherwise indicated, all KMP were in office for the entire reporting period
                               and at the date of this report.
                         SUPERRETAIL
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP
                                     GROUP LIMITED
                                           LIMITEDANNUAL
                                                   ANNUALREPORT
                                                          REPORTFY23
                                                                  FY23                                                                                            64
                                                                                                                                                                   64




                        REMUNERATION REPORT                                                                                        REPORTING PERIOD
                        (AUDITED)                                                                                                  ENDED 1 JULY 2023


                        SECTION 3
                        FY23 Performance and Executive Remuneration Outcomes

                        RELATIONSHIP OF REMUNERATION TO GROUP PERFORMANCE
                        All elements of the remuneration framework are set by reference to market context and benchmarks. The overarching performance
                        management framework aims to align executive performance and conduct to sustainable profitable performance. The STI Scheme and LTI
                        Plan operate to create a clear link between executive remuneration and the Group’s performance, motivating and rewarding the Group
                        MD and CEO and other Executive KMP.
                        The performance of the Group over the past five financial years is summarised in Table 1.

                        FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE




For personal use only
                        The Group produced a strong financial performance in FY23, delivering record sales of $3.8 billion and an increased Normalised Profit
                        Before Tax of $391 million.

                        Following a strong first half performance cycling a COVID-19 impacted first half in FY22, sales growth moderated in the second half as higher
                        interest rates and increased cost of living expenses began to impact consumer spending. For the full year, sales growth was achieved in all
                        brands.

                        A key contributor to FY23 sales growth was the enhancements to the store network including refurbishments into new formats and the
                        delivery of 24 new stores. The new store formats have provided a platform for range extension initiatives with key trade partners, best
                        represented by the rebel rCX and BCF superstore formats.

                        Active club customers increased to 10.3 million in the year. These customers represent 73 per cent of Group sales. This growth has been
                        delivered by building capability in personalisation and loyalty solutions that will be leveraged in future years.

                        While cost of doing business was impacted by growing inflationary pressures, the Group successfully implemented cost saving initiatives in
                        sourcing, supply chain & logistics, and workforce management to help manage its cost base. As a result, the Group delivered an improved
                        NPBT margin of 10.3 per cent, an increase of 0.5 per cent on FY22.

                        Table 1: Group performance
                                                                                              FY19           FY20           FY21           FY22           FY23

                          Sales ($m)                                                           2,710.4        2,825.2        3,453.1        3,550.9        3,802.6

                          Normalised net profit before tax (NPBT) ($m)                           206.8          218.3         437.5(1)       356.9(1)        390.6

                          Normalised return on capital (ROC) (%)                                  13.3           14.5          28.8(1)        20.5(1)        20.7(1)

                          Normalised earnings per share (EPS) (¢)                                 77.3           78.0         136.5(1)       110.4(1)        121.1

                          Dividends per share (¢)                                                 50.0           19.5            88.0           70.0         103.0

                          Share price at the close of the financial year ($)                     8.23(2)         8.14          12.95            8.49         11.43

                        (1)   pre AASB16 – Leases.
                        (2)   The opening share price in FY19 was $8.10.
                        65
                        65                                                                                           SUPER
                                                                                                                   SUPER   RETAILGROUP
                                                                                                                         RETAIL   GROUPLIMITED
                                                                                                                                        LIMITED ANNUAL
                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                       REPORTFY23
                                                                                                                                                              FY23



                        REMUNERATION REPORT                                                                                              REPORTING PERIOD
                        (AUDITED)                                                                                                        ENDED 1 JULY 2023


                        The Board may adjust for any significant events or items to give financial statement users additional insight into financial performance.
                        These adjustments are for events or items considered unusual by their nature or size and/or not being in the ordinary course of business.
                        For FY23, such adjustments related only to the in-year effect of items disclosed in prior years (see Table 2 below and Note 4b – Segment
                        information in the notes to the consolidated financial statements). There were no other discretionary adjustments made in FY23 for the
                        purpose of determining profit-based incentive remuneration.

                        Table 2: Group performance – adjustments for significant items
                          $m                                                                                                                    FY23       FY22

                          Profit before tax                                                                                                       379.4      345.7

                          Adjustments for wages underpayment, losses from associate and reversal of provisions previously excluded                 11.2           3.9

                          Adjustment for AASB 16 Accounting for leases impact                  (1)                                                     -          7.3




For personal use only
                          Normalised net profit before tax (Normalised NPBT)                                                                      390.6      356.9

                        (1)   Targets linked to Normalised NPBT were on a pre-AASB16 Leases basis prior to FY23.


                        The Group’s incentive awards are designed to align Executive KMP remuneration with business performance. This alignment is
                        demonstrated through the choice of metrics, annual target setting process and the variation in STI and LTI payment outcomes year-on-
                        year. Over the past five financial years, Executive KMP STI outcomes have ranged from 50 per cent to 141 per cent of target (33 per cent to
                        94 per cent of maximum), averaging 117 per cent of target (78 per cent of maximum). Similarly, over the past five years, the LTI has vested
                        between 38 per cent and 100 per cent, averaging 82 per cent. Further detail on FY23 STI outcomes and LTI vesting is included on the
                        following pages.

                        STI OUTCOMES FOR FY23
                        For the financial year ended 1 July 2023, the target for Normalised NPBT was set at $279.7 million, 20 per cent below the NPBT achieved in
                        FY22 reflecting the anticipated dampening of demand post COVID-19. The target was 28 per cent higher than the NPBT achieved in FY20
                        of $218.3 million. The financial gateway for the FY23 STI scheme (being 90 per cent of target) was exceeded.
                        The individual Key Performance Indicator (KPI) categories to determine STI awards and the FY23 achievements, referenced by the Board
                        for the Group MD and CEO and other Executive KMP, are detailed in Tables 3 and 4.
                        After reviewing the FY23 STI outcome for the Group MD and CEO, the Board made no discretionary adjustments for the purpose of profit-
                        based incentive remuneration. The result was a weighted score outcome of 113.2 per cent of target (75.5 per cent of maximum). This
                        outcome was driven by a strong result for Group financial performance, and progress on key strategic business initiatives. Notwithstanding
                        the strong performance in safety leadership as measured by safety effort, the underlying safety performance in terms of Total Recordable
                        Injuries (TRI) failed to meet expectations. Table 3 outlines the elements of the balanced scorecard.
                         SUPERRETAIL
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP
                                     GROUP LIMITED
                                           LIMITEDANNUAL
                                                   ANNUALREPORT
                                                          REPORTFY23
                                                                  FY23                                                                                                  66
                                                                                                                                                                         66




                        REMUNERATION REPORT                                                                                          REPORTING PERIOD
                        (AUDITED)                                                                                                    ENDED 1 JULY 2023


                        Table 3: Group MD and CEO performance

                                                                                      Actual
                         Balanced                                                  Performance
                         Scorecard              Measure             Weighting         range                           Commentary on Performance

                                                                                                    The Normalised NPBT result for the Group was $390.6 million
                                                                                                    which was above the stretch target for FY23.
                                                                                                    The Normalised NPBT result is a strong result that reflects the
                                             Normalised Net
                                                                        35%           Stretch       execution of the Group’s omni-retailing strategy, benefits from
                                             Profit Before Tax
                                                                                                    range extension, store development and loyalty program
                         Group Financial                                                            enhancements. These initiatives supported NPBT margin
                          Performance                                                               expansion in the year.




For personal use only
                                                                                                    The Group 13 month rolling average monthly net working capital
                                             Working Capital                           Below        result did not meet the threshold due to elevated net working
                                                                        15%
                                               Efficiency                            Threshold      capital levels in BCF and rebel. Total inventory as a percentage of
                                                                                                    sales was 20.8 per cent, in line with pre-COVID-19 levels.

                                            Delivery of FY22                                        The FY23 portfolio was successfully delivered in accordance with
                            Business        portfolio benefits                                      plan and the achievement of the FY22 benefits.
                                                                        20%           Stretch
                          Improvement        in accordance                                          The property portfolio delivery was in line with stretch targets set.
                                                with plan

                                                                                                    The target for organic growth through existing customers was
                                              Revenue from
                            Customer                                    15%           Stretch       exceeded with active customer revenue up 4.9 per cent from the
                                            ‘active customers’
                                                                                                    prior year.

                          Non-financial/                                                            The Safety Effort (leading indicator) measure exceeded the target;
                                                                                       Below
                          Environment,            Safety                                            however, this did not translate into the required reduction in TRI
                                                                                     Threshold
                            Social and                                  15%                         and customer incidents.
                           Governance        Execution of ESG                                       Execution delivered against the FY23 objectives with solid
                              (ESG)                                                   Target
                                               framework                                            progress against 2030 goals.



                        Table 4: Other Executive KMP performance outcome

                                                                                                                                                             STI
                                                                                  Financial        Business                               Non-            scorecard
                         Name                 Role                              Performance      Improvement        Customer          financial/ESG       outcome
                                                                                                  Target to                            Threshold to         Target to
                         Paul Bradshaw        Managing Director - BCF             Target                              Stretch
                                                                                                   Stretch                                Target             Stretch
                                                                                                                     Target to         Threshold to         Target to
                         David Burns          Chief Financial Officer             Target           Stretch
                                                                                                                      Stretch             Target             Stretch
                                              Managing Director -                                Threshold to      Threshold to        Threshold to         Target to
                         Cathy Seaholme                                           Stretch
                                              Macpac                                                target            Target              Target             Stretch

                                              Managing Director -                                                                         Below             Target to
                         Benjamin Ward                                            Stretch          Stretch            Stretch
                                              Supercheap Auto                                                                           Threshold            Stretch

                                                                                                                                       Threshold to         Target to
                         Gary Williams        Managing Director - rebel           Target           Stretch            Stretch
                                                                                                                                          Target             Stretch



                        The STI outcomes for Executive KMP are reflected in Table 5.
                        The STI award for all Executive KMP will be delivered 70 per cent as cash and 30 per cent as restricted shares. The restricted share deferral
                        is released 50 per cent in August 2024 and 50 per cent in August 2025. This deferral supports an increase in executive shareholding,
                        enhances risk management and executive retention, and reflects broader market practice.
                         67
                        67                                                                                                     SUPER
                                                                                                                             SUPER   RETAILGROUP
                                                                                                                                   RETAIL   GROUPLIMITED
                                                                                                                                                  LIMITEDANNUAL
                                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                REPORT FY23
                                                                                                                                                                       FY23



                        REMUNERATION REPORT                                                                                                                REPORTING PERIOD
                        (AUDITED)                                                                                                                          ENDED 1 JULY 2023


                        Table 5: STI outcomes

                                                                                                                                                      STI earned            STI unearned
                                                                                                                   30%                                per cent of            (forfeited)
                                                                 STI assessment             Total STI            deferral         STI cash            maximum                per cent of
                                                                   per cent of              payment            into equity        payment          (maximum = 150%           maximum
                          Name                                        target                   ($)                  ($)              ($)               of target)              payable
                          Group MD and CEO
                          Anthony Heraghty                             113.2               1,358,400                407,520        950,880                 75.5%               24.5%
                          Other Executive KMP
                          Paul Bradshaw                                112.3                 449,200                134,760        314,440                 74.9%               25.1%
                          David Burns                                  111.5                 557,667                167,300        390,367                 74.3%               25.7%




For personal use only
                          Cathy Seaholme                               117.7                 290,538                87,162         203,376                 78.5%               21.5%
                          Benjamin Ward                                133.9                 669,701                200,910        468,791                 89.3%               10.7%
                          Gary Williams                                114.8                 574,172                172,252        401,920                 76.5%               23.5%


                        LTI OUTCOMES FOR FY23
                        As disclosed in the FY21 Remuneration Report, the Board made the decision to make one-off changes to the approach to the LTI
                        arrangements for FY21, aligned to the Group’s Medium-Term Business Plan (MTBP), which was formulated in the context of the COVID-19
                        pandemic. At the 2020 AGM, shareholders approved the FY21 LTI grant to the Group MD and CEO. The FY21 LTI grant included the LTI
                        reward for FY22. This one-off change in approach resulted in no testing of LTI grants in FY23 for Executive KMP and other members of the
                        ELT.
                        There were a number of other prior year LTI grants that had tranches vest in FY23, due to the staggered approach to vesting of different
                        tranches of the performance rights. As the LTI vests over a period after the performance hurdles have been tested, the value of LTI shown
                        in the remuneration tables includes a portion of the FY18 grant and all subsequent grants.
                        Table 6 outlines the performance outcomes and the subsequent vesting for each of the LTI performance rights granted and performance
                        tested since FY17. Each grant (other than the FY21 LTI grant) is subject to equally weighted performance measures based on earnings per
                        share (EPS) and return on capital (ROC). Grants up to and including the FY20 grant used an EPS measure being compound average growth
                        rate of Normalised EPS over three financial years. The hurdles for the FY21 LTI grant are detailed in Table 18 and were measured over the
                        two years of the MTBP established in the uncertainty of the COVID-19 pandemic.

                        Table 6: Proportion of LTI vesting over the past five years

                                                                                                        Normalised EPS                                  Normalised ROC
                                                                   Financial                     three-year compound average                           three-year average
                              Grant                                 results                        growth rate (50% weight)                               (50% weight)
                                           Grant date             determining
                              name
                                                                   vesting (1)           Performance            Qualifying                   Performance     Qualifying
                                                                                           outcome              for vesting      Forfeited     outcome       for vesting    Forfeited
                                                                                              %                      %               %            %               %             %
                                           September              FY17, FY18,
                              FY17                                                             13.8                   44.0          6.0         13.0            33.3          16.7
                                              2016                   FY19
                                           September              FY18, FY19,
                              FY18                                                              5.3                    Nil         50.0         13.6            38.3          11.7
                                              2017                   FY20
                                           September              FY19, FY20,
                              FY19                                                             23.8                   50.0          Nil         19.0            50.0           Nil
                                              2018                   FY21
                                           September              FY20, FY21,
                              FY20                                                             12.6                   46.7          3.3         21.3            50.0           Nil
                                              2019                   FY22

                                                                                                          Normalised NPBT                               Normalised ROC
                                                                   Financial                             two-year aggregate                            two-year average
                              Grant                                 results                                (50% weight)                                  (50% weight)
                                           Grant date
                              name                                determining
                                                                                         Performance            Qualifying                   Performance     Qualifying
                                                                    vesting
                                                                                           outcome              for vesting      Forfeited     outcome       for vesting    Forfeited
                                                                                              $m                     %               %            %               %             %
                                           November
                              FY21                                 FY21, FY22                 794.4                   50.0          Nil         24.6            50.0           Nil
                                             2020
                        (1)    Results are after adjustments for impact of underpayments as previously disclosed.
                         SUPERRETAIL
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP
                                     GROUP LIMITED
                                           LIMITEDANNUAL
                                                   ANNUALREPORT
                                                          REPORTFY23
                                                                  FY23                                                                                           68
                                                                                                                                                                  68




                        REMUNERATION REPORT                                                                                     REPORTING PERIOD
                        (AUDITED)                                                                                               ENDED 1 JULY 2023


                        Beginning in FY23, cumulative Normalised EPS over three financial years has been used as the EPS measure. For the FY23 grant, cumulative
                        Normalised EPS is measured over the three financial years FY23, FY24 and FY25. The ROC measure is the Normalised ROC averaged over
                        three financial years. An outline of how these measures are calculated is included in Table 16.


                        OTHER FY23 OUTCOMES – OUTSIDE OF THE REWARD FRAMEWORK
                        MD Macpac - Initial Incentive
                        As disclosed in the FY22 Remuneration Report, Ms Seaholme’s initial terms included an incentive opportunity of NZ$341,000 based on the
                        achievement of the Macpac budget, as assessed by the Board at the end of FY23 for FY22 and FY23. The Board determined that the stretch
                        target was exceeded, noting that EBIT for FY23 was more than double that for FY19 (pre-COVID-19). As a result, 100 per cent of this
                        incentive is payable partially in cash and partially in equity in accordance with the terms detailed in Section 6 of this report.
                        One-off Outperformance Award




For personal use only
                        Bringing forward the FY22 LTI reward into the FY21 LTI grant also created a gap in the testing of LTI outcomes in FY24, resulting in a lower
                        amount of LTI to potentially vest in 2024 and 2025 when compared to the steady state. To address the gap in potential equity vesting in
                        FY24, the Board determined that it was appropriate to make a restricted equity-based award on a one-off basis for FY23, dependent on
                        significant outperformance of NPBT. The maximum level of this award is considered met when Normalised NPBT exceeds the stretch target
                        by more than 7.5 per cent. Super Retail Group achieved an FY23 Normalised NPBT of $390.6 million, which exceeded the stretch target by
                        more than 7.5 per cent. As a result, the Board approved 100 per cent of this award. The resulting awards will be delivered in the form of
                        restricted shares in September 2023, with restrictions lifting in August 2024. Refer to Section 6 for further detail.
                         69
                        69                                                                                                           SUPER
                                                                                                                                   SUPER   RETAILGROUP
                                                                                                                                         RETAIL   GROUPLIMITED
                                                                                                                                                        LIMITEDANNUAL
                                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                      REPORT FY23
                                                                                                                                                                             FY23



                        REMUNERATION REPORT                                                                                                                                   REPORTING PERIOD
                        (AUDITED)                                                                                                                                             ENDED 1 JULY 2023


                        Executive KMP remuneration outcomes for FY23
                        Table 7 details remuneration elements prepared in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards. Restricted shares and performance
                        rights are valued at fair value, accrued over the performance period and vesting period, and cash bonus (STI) for FY23 is the amount earned
                        for FY23 and to be paid in September 2023. The fair value of restricted shares is the market value at the grant date. The fair value of
                        performance rights is determined using a Black-Scholes option pricing model.

                        Table 7: Remuneration for Executive KMP calculated in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards
                                                                                                                                            Post-
                                                                                                                   Long-term             employment Termination                   Share-based
                                                    Year              Short-term benefits                           benefits               benefits   benefits                     payments                       Total

                                                                                                Non-               Annual and




For personal use only
                                                              Cash              Cash           monetary            long service            Super-        Termination       Performance       Restricted
                                                             salary            bonus           benefits
                                                                                                         (1)
                                                                                                                     leave
                                                                                                                             (2)         annuation         benefits               (3)
                                                                                                                                                                             Rights           Shares              Total
                        Name                                   $                 $                $                     $                    $                $                 $                $                  $

                        Anthony Heraghty            FY23      1,468,738            950,880             5,929                   9,609          25,733                   -        760,638           706,623         3,928,150
                                                    FY22      1,351,907         1,050,525                      -          (7,386)             26,243                   -      1,043,528           335,791         3,800,608

                        Paul Bradshaw               FY23        674,667            314,440                     -               6,023          25,383                   -        297,978           250,560         1,569,051
                                                    FY22        674,119            371,000                     -             18,851           24,900                   -        421,796           142,566         1,653,232
                        David Burns                 FY23        690,767            390,367             3,900              (4,300)             25,446                   -        325,175           308,618         1,739,973
                                                    FY22        663,026            449,184                900                43,179           24,880                   -        466,154           182,052         1,829,375
                                              (4)
                        Cathy Seaholme              FY23        508,592            302,557                     -             21,745                  -                 -         75,256           202,454         1,110,604
                                                    FY22        349,992            191,458           49,975                  18,873           12,955                   -                 -          71,238          694,491

                        Benjamin Ward               FY23        743,672            468,791                995                13,126           25,400                   -        329,641           313,669         1,895,294
                                                    FY22        729,132            393,868             7,305                 23,687           28,963                   -        453,759           171,918         1,808,632

                        Gary Williams               FY23        740,767            401,920             3,900              (1,025)             25,400                   -        329,641           315,045         1,815,648
                                                    FY22        739,469            472,642                900                51,557           25,031                   -        447,972           185,263         1,922,834
                        Former Executive KMP
                                        (5)
                        Alex Brandon                FY23                 -                 -                   -                     -               -                 -                 -                 -                 -
                                                    FY22        122,918                    -                   -                   757        27,971          379,640           279,224             27,072          837,582
                              (6)
                        Total                       FY23      4,827,203         2,828,955            14,724                  45,178          127,362                   -      2,118,329         2,096,969        12,058,720

                        Total                       FY22      4,630,563         2,928,677            59,080              149,518             170,943          379,640         3,112,433         1,115,900        12,546,754

                        (1)   Includes salary-sacrificed items such as novated leases, and car parking, including any FBT payable, and KMP relocation and accommodation.
                        (2)   Long-term benefits include the accounting expense of annual and long-service leave accrued.
                        (3)   FY22 and FY23 includes a dividend equivalent payment due in respect of Mr Heraghty’s one-off co-investment award of performance rights for the period from his appointment as Group
                              MD and CEO on 20 February 2019 until the date of vesting on 20 February 2022 (tranche 1) and 20 February 2023 (tranche 2), consistent with Mr Heraghty’s contract terms.
                        (4)   Ms Seaholme commenced as an Executive KMP on 25 October 2021. Ms Seaholme received an initial incentive, dependent on performance, which is payable partially in cash and partially in
                              equity (restricted shares). This incentive is described in Section 6. Included in cash bonus and restricted shares is accrued initial incentive of $58,373 and $47,473 respectively in FY22, and
                              $99,181 and $80,660 respectively in FY23.
                        (5)   Alex Brandon ceased being a KMP on 24 October 2021.
                        (6)   The reporting period of 3 July 2022 to 1 July 2023 is a period of 52 weeks, compared to the comparative reporting period of 27 June 2021 to 2 July 2022 representing 53 weeks. The impact
                              of the 53rd week in the prior period was an increase in expense of $0.1 million.
                         SUPERRETAIL
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP
                                     GROUP LIMITED
                                           LIMITEDANNUAL
                                                   ANNUALREPORT
                                                          REPORTFY23
                                                                  FY23                                                                                                                                          70
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 70




                        REMUNERATION REPORT                                                                                                                          REPORTING PERIOD
                        (AUDITED)                                                                                                                                    ENDED 1 JULY 2023


                        Table 8 details the remuneration received by Executive KMP during FY23. As with Table 7, the cash STI amount is the amount earned in
                        FY23 and that will be paid in September 2023. The amount shown for the value of restricted shares represents the number of shares on
                        which the restrictions were lifted multiplied by the closing price of ordinary shares of the Company on the ASX on the date restrictions
                        were lifted ($10.07 on 18 August 2022). This value for restricted shares contrasts with Table 7, which shows the FY23 portion of the fair
                        value of restricted shares amortised over the relevant performance measurement and vesting period.
                        The amount shown for the value of performance rights (LTI) vesting represents the number of ordinary shares in the Company received on
                        vesting of performance rights during FY23 multiplied by the closing price of ordinary shares of the Company on the ASX on the date of
                        vesting ($10.24 on 1 September 2022 (FY18, FY19 and FY20 grants), $10.42 on 1 November 2022 (FY21 grant) and $13.53 on 24 February
                        2023 (co-investment)). The ordinary shares received on vesting of performance rights derive from grants since FY18, which have staggered
                        vesting dates after the end of the performance period, as detailed in Table 14. This value for LTI contrasts with Table 7, which shows the
                        FY23 portion of the fair value of equity grants amortised over the relevant performance measurement and vesting periods.

                        Table 8: Actual remuneration received




For personal use only
                          FY23                                                   Cash and non-monetary                                                       Equity                                Total
                                                                                                                                               Value of
                                                                                                                                          restricted shares
                                                                                                                                              on which                 Value of LTI
                                                                                                                        Cash                 restrictions            (performance
                                                                 Fixed Pay(1)                 Other                    bonus                   ceased                rights) vesting                Total
                          Name                                         $                        $                        $                         $                        $                         $

                          Anthony Heraghty                           1,500,400                     43,275(2)               950,880                  203,777                1,456,227                4,154,559
                          Paul Bradshaw                                 700,050                              -             314,440                   87,931                  516,397                1,618,818
                          David Burns                                   720,113                              -             390,367                  141,061                  706,579                1,958,120
                          Cathy Seaholme                                508,592                              -             360,930                            -                        -               869,522
                          Benjamin Ward                                 770,067                              -             468,791                  134,586                  568,192                1,941,636
                          Gary Williams                                 770,067                              -             401,920                  136,690                  568,192                1,876,869
                        (1)   Fixed Pay is defined in Section 6. Changes in accruals are not included in this table as they do not affect the amounts received by the individual.
                        (2)   Represents a dividend equivalent payment paid in respect of Mr Heraghty’s one-off co-investment grant of performance rights for the period from his appointment as Group MD and CEO on
                              20 February 2019 until the date of vesting on 20 February 2023, consistent with Mr Heraghty’s contract terms.
                         71
                        71                                                                                                  SUPER
                                                                                                                          SUPER   RETAILGROUP
                                                                                                                                RETAIL   GROUPLIMITED
                                                                                                                                               LIMITEDANNUAL
                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                             REPORT FY23
                                                                                                                                                                    FY23



                        REMUNERATION REPORT                                                                                                                   REPORTING PERIOD
                        (AUDITED)                                                                                                                             ENDED 1 JULY 2023


                        SECTION 4
                        FY24 Remuneration Matters

                        Looking ahead to FY24, the following changes to remuneration quantum and approach have been approved by the Board.
                        The Group MD and CEO’s fixed remuneration and STI will remain unchanged for FY24. Mr Heraghty’s target LTI will increase to $1,650,000
                        (face value) which will increase his total target remuneration opportunity to $4,350,000 for FY24, an increase of 3.6 per cent.
                        In determining this change, the Board considered market data for similar-sized ASX-listed companies and industry peers along with the
                        Group’s sustained financial performance and Mr Heraghty’s personal contribution and value to the Group. This continues the Board’s
                        strategy to increase the weight of equity within the pay mix. Mr Heraghty’s fixed remuneration and total target remuneration are
                        positioned towards the 75th percentile of the relevant peer group. During his tenure, Mr Heraghty has led the team to add considerable
                        value for shareholders, overseeing increases in Normalised EPS of 56.7 per cent (FY19 compared to FY23) while consistently maintaining




For personal use only
                        ROC above target ranges.
                        Table 9 shows the remuneration mix as a percentage of total target reward with LTI weighted at 38 per cent for FY24 compared to 36 per
                        cent for FY23. The Group MD and CEO’s remuneration opportunity is increasingly skewed toward long-term variable pay, with a significant
                        portion provided in equity. The Board considers this approach appropriate to reward and retain a high-calibre executive, while aligning the
                        interests of management and shareholders via a high proportion of variable pay with significant equity exposure.

                        In the context of market data for similar-sized ASX-listed companies and industry peers, and continued strong business and personal
                        performance, the Board approved changes to other Executive KMP remuneration levels for FY24. The intent of the changes is to align Total
                        Target Remuneration and mix towards the 75th percentile of the relevant peer group in market. Other than the MD Macpac, the reward
                        targets for STI remain the same as FY23 for Executive KMP. The reward changes for the MD Macpac for FY24 increases the weight of
                        variable reward. Executive KMP FY24 fixed remuneration will increase by 3.8 per cent on average compared to FY23, in line with market
                        compensation ratios. The FY24 target remuneration mix is shown in Table 9.

                        Table 9: Remuneration mix of Executive KMP at Target(1)

                                                           FY24                      34.5%                              19.3%              8.3%               37.9%
                          Anthony Heraghty
                                                           FY23                       35.7%                               20.0%             8.6%              35.7%


                                                           FY24                            43.8%                                   16.4%      7.0%             32.8%
                          Paul Bradshaw
                                                           FY23                            43.1%                                   17.2%          7.4%          32.3%


                                                           FY24                           40.9%                                    19.9%          8.5%          30.7%
                              David Burns
                                                           FY23                           40.9%                                    19.9%          8.5%          30.7%

                                                           FY24                            43.5%                                   16.7%          7.2%         32.6%
                          Cathy Seaholme2
                                                           FY23                             44.1%                                  16.0%      6.9%             33.1%

                                                           FY24                           42.1%                                    18.4%          7.9%          31.6%
                          Benjamin Ward
                                                           FY23                           41.7%                                    18.9%          8.1%          31.3%

                                                           FY24                           42.1%                                    18.4%          7.9%          31.6%
                              Gary Williams
                                                           FY23                           41.7%                                    18.9%          8.1%          31.3%

                                                                  0%                      20%                       40%                     60%               80%            100%
                                                                             Fixed pay             Cash STI at target                Deferred STI at target     LTI Face Value
                        (1)     The target mix does not include the one-off outperformance grant approved by the Board for FY23.
                        (2)     The target mix for Cathy Seaholme does not include her initial incentive described in Section 6.



                        The FY24 LTI grant, as it relates to the Group MD and CEO, will be outlined in the 2023 Notice of AGM for approval by shareholders.
                         SUPERRETAIL
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP
                                     GROUP LIMITED
                                           LIMITEDANNUAL
                                                   ANNUALREPORT
                                                          REPORTFY23
                                                                  FY23                                                                                                                                               72
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      72




                        REMUNERATION REPORT                                                                                                                              REPORTING PERIOD
                        (AUDITED)                                                                                                                                        ENDED 1 JULY 2023


                        SECTION 5
                        Executive Interests in Super Retail Group Securities

                        The remuneration framework aligns executives’ interests to those of shareholders by utilising equity-based awards in the form of restricted
                        shares and performance rights. Executive KMP are also required to hold a minimum number of securities for alignment with other
                        shareholders.
                        Restricted shares are awarded as the deferred component of STI awards and certain other awards for executives and are ordinary shares
                        in the Company that are subject to certain time-based restrictions on disposal and vesting. Performance rights are awarded under the LTI
                        Plan at no cost to the executive and provide the right to receive ordinary shares in the Company, subject to meeting performance and
                        service-based vesting conditions.
                        Restricted shares and performance rights are delivered to Executive KMP and other eligible executives subject to the rules of the Super




For personal use only
                        Retail Group Employee Equity Incentive Plan (the EIP). Further details of the equity plan structures are outlined in Section 6. The EIP rules
                        are available in the Corporate Governance section of the Company’s website.

                        EQUITY INTERESTS IN THE COMPANY HELD BY EXECUTIVE KMP
                        This Section provides further information regarding the various equity interests in the Company held by executives, including details of
                        (and movements in) securities held by Executive KMP during the financial year.
                        Table 10 summarises the movement in the number of ordinary shares in the Company and the number of performance rights held during
                        the financial year by each Executive KMP including their related parties. Table 10 also sets out the number of ordinary shares in the
                        Company acquired by Executive KMP during the financial year on vesting of performance rights (see also Table 14) and on allocation of
                        restricted shares (see also Table 12).

                        Table 10: Movement in equity interests held by Executive KMP and their related parties during FY23(1)
                                                                                                                                     Performance
                                                                                                                 Restricted          rights vested
                                                                                                                  shares /              / shares
                                                                                                                Performance           received on
                                                                                                               rights granted          vesting of
                                                                                             Held at                 as              performance            Performance             Other net              Held at
                                                            Type of equity                 3 July 2022         remuneration              rights             rights lapsed           change(2)            1 July 2023
                          Anthony Heraghty             Ordinary shares(3)                       159,101                 43,924              136,815                         -           (87,000)               252,840
                                                       Performance rights(4)                    334,308             146,341(5)            (136,815)                 (2,848)                       -            340,986
                          Paul Bradshaw                Ordinary shares(3)                         19,030                15,512                49,900                        -                     -             84,442
                                                       Performance rights(4)                    131,271                 51,219              (49,900)                (1,351)                       -            131,239
                          David Burns                  Ordinary shares(3)                         98,314                18,781                68,452                        -           (51,182)               134,365
                                                       Performance rights(4)                    164,767                 52,682              (68,452)                (1,454)                       -            147,543
                          Cathy Seaholme               Ordinary shares(3)                                 -               5,305                       -                     -                     -               5,305
                                                       Performance rights(4)                              -             36,060                        -                     -                     -             36,060
                          Benjamin Ward                Ordinary shares(3)                         40,347                16,468                54,897                        -                   90             111,802
                                                       Performance rights(4)                    144,844                 56,341              (54,897)                (1,454)                       -            144,834
                          Gary Williams                Ordinary shares(3)                         37,734                19,762                54,897                        -           (28,000)                84,393
                                                       Performance rights(4)                    144,844                 56,341              (54,897)                (1,454)                       -            144,834
                        (1)   Includes the Executive KMP's close family members or any entity they or their close family members control, jointly control or significantly influence.
                        (2)   Other net change includes the purchases and sales of shares.
                        (3)   There are no ordinary shares held nominally at the end of the reporting period.
                        (4)   There are no performance rights at the end of the reporting period which are vested and unexercised.
                        (5)   Shareholders approved (under ASX Listing Rule 10.14) the grant of these performance rights (relating to Mr Heraghty’s FY23 LTI) at the AGM on 27 October 2022. See Section 6 for details on
                              the terms of this award.
                         73
                        73                                                                                                      SUPER
                                                                                                                              SUPER   RETAILGROUP
                                                                                                                                    RETAIL   GROUPLIMITED
                                                                                                                                                   LIMITEDANNUAL
                                                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                 REPORT FY23
                                                                                                                                                                        FY23



                        REMUNERATION REPORT                                                                                                                                  REPORTING PERIOD
                        (AUDITED)                                                                                                                                            ENDED 1 JULY 2023


                        RESTRICTED SHARES HELD BY EXECUTIVE KMP
                        Each grant of restricted shares affecting remuneration in the current or a future reporting period is set out in Table 11.

                        Table 11: Terms and conditions of restricted shares
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Fair value per
                                                                                                                                                                                                    restricted share at
                          Grant                                    Grant date                                  Vesting dates                                                                            grant date
                          FY20 Deferred STI                        8 September 2020                            19 August 2021, 18 August 2022                                                                        $8.92
                          FY21 Deferred STI                        31 August 2021                              18 August 2022, 18 August 2023                                                                      $12.53
                          FY22 Deferred STI                        30 August 2022                              18 August 2023, (on or around) 23 August 2024                                                       $10.25

                        Table 12 summarises the movement in the number of restricted shares held during the financial year by Executive KMP including their




For personal use only
                        related parties.
                        The proportion of FY23 STI achieved (percentage of the maximum achievable), and the proportion forfeited as a result of not meeting
                        performance hurdles is set out by individual in Table 5 and was similarly disclosed in previous reports for earlier deferred STI grants. As set
                        out in Table 15, FY23 STI awards are delivered as 70 per cent cash and 30 per cent deferral to equity, with restrictions lifting on 50 per cent
                        of the resulting grant in August 2024 and 50 per cent in August 2025.
                        The fair value of restricted shares is the market value at the grant date and is calculated as the weighted average price at which the
                        Company’s shares are traded on the ASX in the five days following the release of the Group’s financial results.

                        Table 12: Summary of Executive KMP restricted shares granted, vested or lapsed
                                                                                                                                                                                                                $ value of
                                                                    Granted                                                                                                                  Granted            restricted
                                                                     but not                                                                         Lapsed or                                but not             shares
                                                                      vested            Granted in           Vested in                              forfeited in        % lapsed or            vested           granted in
                                                                   3 July 2022            FY23                FY23(1)            % vested              FY23              forfeited          1 July 2023         the year(2)
                          Anthony Heraghty
                              FY20 Deferred STI                            8,450                   -             (8,450)                100%                      -                0%                  -                 n/a
                              FY21 Deferred STI                           23,573                   -            (11,786)                 50%                      -                0%             11,787                 n/a
                              FY22 Deferred STI                                -              43,924                   -                  0%                      -                0%             43,924             450,225
                          Paul Bradshaw
                              FY20 Deferred STI                            1,990                   -              (1,990)               100%                      -                0%                  -                 n/a
                              FY21 Deferred STI                           13,484                   -              (6,742)                50%                      -                0%              6,742                 n/a
                              FY22 Deferred STI                                -              15,512                    -                 0%                      -                0%             15,512             159,000
                          David Burns
                              FY20 Deferred STI                            5,949                   -              (5,949)               100%                      -                0%                  -                 n/a
                              FY21 Deferred STI                           16,118                   -              (8,059)                50%                      -                0%              8,059                 n/a
                              FY22 Deferred STI                                -              18,781                    -                 0%                      -                0%             18,781             192,508
                          Cathy Seaholme
                              FY22 Deferred STI                                   -            5,305                      -                0%                     -                0%              5,305              57,037
                          Benjamin Ward
                              FY20 Deferred STI                            5,085                   -              (5,085)               100%                      -                0%                  -                 n/a
                              FY21 Deferred STI                           16,561                   -              (8,280)                50%                      -                0%              8,281                 n/a
                              FY22 Deferred STI                                -              16,468                    -                 0%                      -                0%             16,468             168,801
                          Gary Williams
                              FY20 Deferred STI                            5,474                   -              (5,474)               100%                      -                0%                  -                 n/a
                              FY21 Deferred STI                           16,201                   -              (8,100)                50%                      -                0%              8,101                 n/a
                              FY22 Deferred STI                                -              19,762                    -                 0%                      -                0%             19,762             202,561
                        (1)   Vesting of restricted shares refers to restrictions being lifted.
                        (2)   The value of restricted shares granted in the year represents the value of the deferred portion of the STI achieved in the prior year. Full details of the STI outcomes for all prior year awards
                              to KMP are included in the remuneration report for the relevant year. The maximum potential outcomes for unvested awards are subject to the Group share price at time of vesting and will
                              be determined by multiplying the number of vested shares by the share price. The minimum total value of grants for future financial years is nil if relevant vesting conditions are not met.
                         SUPERRETAIL
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP
                                     GROUP LIMITED
                                           LIMITEDANNUAL
                                                   ANNUALREPORT
                                                          REPORTFY23
                                                                  FY23                                                                                                                                                   74
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          74




                        REMUNERATION REPORT                                                                                                                                REPORTING PERIOD
                        (AUDITED)                                                                                                                                          ENDED 1 JULY 2023


                        PERFORMANCE RIGHTS HELD BY EXECUTIVE KMP
                        Each grant of performance rights affecting remuneration in the current or a future reporting period is set out in Table 13.

                        Table 13: Terms and conditions of performance rights
                                                                                                                                                                     Fair value per performance right at grant
                          Grant            Grant date                      Vesting dates(1)                                                                                             date
                          FY18             1 September 2017                1 September 2020, 1 September 2021, 1 September 2022                                                                                      $6.38
                          FY19             1 September 2018                1 September 2021, 1 September 2022, 1 September 2023                                                                                      $7.65
                          FY20             1 September 2019                1 September 2022, 1 September 2023                                                                                                        $7.72(2)
                          FY21(3)          1 November 2020                 1 November 2022, 1 November 2023, 1 November 2024                                                                                         $9.47
                          FY23             4 November 2022                 4 November 2025, 4 November 2026                                                                                                          $7.88




For personal use only
                        (1)   Refer to Section 6 for details of vesting conditions. Performance rights expire up to eight years from grant date.
                        (2)   The performance rights value for the 1 September 2019 grant was $7.72, with the exception of 53,262 performance rights in relation to a one-off co-investment grant to Mr Heraghty with
                              these grants averaging a value of $7.21. The one-off co-investment grant vests over three financial years, with 50 per cent of the performance rights vesting in February 2022, 25 per cent in
                              February 2023 and the remainder vesting in February 2024 subject to their terms.
                        (3)   The grant for FY21 was inclusive of the FY22 opportunity for Executive KMP. There was no grant to Executive KMP in FY22. Grants were made to other selected employees.
                         75
                        75                                                                                                       SUPER
                                                                                                                               SUPER   RETAILGROUP
                                                                                                                                     RETAIL   GROUPLIMITED
                                                                                                                                                    LIMITEDANNUAL
                                                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                  REPORT FY23
                                                                                                                                                                         FY23



                        REMUNERATION REPORT                                                                                                                                   REPORTING PERIOD
                        (AUDITED)                                                                                                                                             ENDED 1 JULY 2023


                        Table 14 summarises the movement in the number of performance rights held during the financial year by each Executive KMP including
                        their related parties. The grant made in FY21 was an award for two financial years (FY21 and FY22) and is described in more detail in Section
                        6. There were no LTI grants to Executive KMP in FY22.

                        Table 14: Summary of Executive KMP performance rights granted, vested or lapsed
                                                         Granted but                                                                             Lapsed or                                Granted but            Estimated
                                                          not vested            Granted in             Vested in                                forfeited in         % lapsed or           not vested           value yet to
                                                         3 July 2022              FY23                   FY23              % vested(1)             FY23               forfeited           1 July 2023            vest $(2) (3)
                              Anthony Heraghty
                                FY18                              5,700                    -               (5,700)                  100%                     -                    0%                  -                     -
                                FY19                             25,100                    -              (12,550)                   50%                     -                    0%             12,550                     -
                                FY20                             86,294                    -              (41,723)                   48%               (2,848)                    3%             41,723                     -




For personal use only
                                FY20(4)                          26,631                    -              (13,315)                   50%                     -                    0%             13,316                15,361
                                FY21                            190,583                    -              (63,527)                   33%                     -                    0%            127,056               143,573
                                FY23                                  -              146,341                     -                      -                    -                      -           146,341               847,028
                              Paul Bradshaw
                                FY20                             40,913                     -             (19,781)                   48%               (1,351)                    3%              19,781                    -
                                FY21                             90,358                     -             (30,119)                   33%                     -                    0%              60,239               68,070
                                FY23                                  -                51,219                    -                    0%                     -                    0%              51,219              296,458
                              David Burns
                                FY18                              4,870                     -              (4,870)                  100%                     -                    0%                   -                    -
                                FY19                             22,003                     -             (11,001)                   50%                     -                    0%              11,002                    -
                                FY20                             44,060                     -             (21,303)                   48%               (1,454)                    3%              21,303                    -
                                FY21                             93,834                     -             (31,278)                   33%                     -                    0%              62,556               70,688
                                FY23                                  -                52,682                    -                    0%                     -                    0%              52,682              304,926
                              Cathy Seaholme
                                FY23                                     -             36,060                       -                  0%                      -                  0%              36,060              208,717
                              Benjamin Ward
                                FY20                             44,060                     -             (21,303)                   48%               (1,454)                    3%              21,303                    -
                                FY21                            100,784                     -             (33,594)                   33%                     -                    0%              67,190               75,924
                                FY23                                  -                56,341                    -                    0%                     -                    0%              56,341              326,104
                              Gary Williams
                                FY20                             44,060                        -          (21,303)                   48%               (1,454)                    3%              21,303                       -
                                FY21                            100,784                     -             (33,594)                   33%                       -                  0%              67,190               75,924
                                FY23                                  -                56,341                    -                    0%                       -                  0%              56,341              326,104
                        (1)     For details of the proportion of LTI vesting and the performance outcomes of each grant refer to Table 6.
                        (2)     The value yet to vest is the unamortised share-based payments expense as at 1 July 2023.
                        (3)     The minimum total value of grants for future financial years is nil if relevant vesting conditions are not met. An estimate of the maximum possible total value in future financial years is
                                dependent on the share price at that time (by multiplying the share price at the time of vesting by the number of performance rights that vest).
                        (4)     As approved at the 2019 AGM Mr Heraghty received 53,262 performance rights in relation to a one-off co-investment grant. Fifty per cent of the co-investment grant vested in February
                                2022, 25 per cent in February 2023 and the remainder will vest in February 2024, subject to the terms of the grant.
                        (5)     Except for the FY23 award to the Group MD and CEO, ordinary shares are automatically allocated on vesting of performance rights. The Group MD and CEO may exercise his vested FY23
                                Performance rights up to eight years following date of grant. At the end of the reporting period there are no performance rights which are vested and unexercised.



                        Performance rights are expensed over their vesting period in line with the vesting conditions. Refer to Section 6 for details of these vesting
                        conditions.
                         SUPERRETAIL
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP
                                     GROUP LIMITED
                                           LIMITEDANNUAL
                                                   ANNUALREPORT
                                                          REPORTFY23
                                                                  FY23                                                                                     76
                                                                                                                                                            76




                        REMUNERATION REPORT                                                                                 REPORTING PERIOD
                        (AUDITED)                                                                                           ENDED 1 JULY 2023


                        MINIMUM SECURITIES HOLDING POLICY
                        The Company’s Minimum Securities Holding Policy sets out the minimum shareholding requirements that apply to KMP. The purpose of
                        the Policy is to strengthen alignment between the interests of KMP and the interests of shareholders.
                        The Group MD and CEO and other Executive KMP are required to acquire ordinary shares in the Company equivalent in value to the amounts
                        shown below by a specified date:

                         Group MD and CEO                          150 per cent of annual fixed remuneration*
                         Other Executive KMP                       100 per cent of annual fixed remuneration*
                        * Before tax and superannuation


                        The Group MD and CEO and other Executive KMP must meet the minimum shareholding target within five years of their
                        appointment. Unvested equity awards, including performance rights, are counted towards the target in circumstances where the equity




For personal use only
                        awards are no longer subject to performance hurdles.
                        As at the date of this report, all Executive KMP except for Ms Seaholme have met the minimum shareholding requirement, based on the
                        Company’s closing share price on 30 June 2023. Ms Seaholme has five years from the date of her appointment in October 2021 to meet
                        the requirement.
                        The Minimum Securities Holding Policy is available in the Corporate Governance section of the Company’s website.

                        SHARES ISSUED ON VESTING OR EXERCISE OF PERFORMANCE RIGHTS
                        Entitlements to receive ordinary shares upon the vesting of performance rights during FY23 were fulfilled through on-market share
                        purchases.
                        There were no new ordinary shares of the Company issued on the vesting of performance rights during FY23, or since the end of the
                        financial year and up to the date of this report.
                         77
                        77                                                                         SUPER
                                                                                                 SUPER   RETAILGROUP
                                                                                                       RETAIL   GROUPLIMITED
                                                                                                                      LIMITEDANNUAL
                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                    REPORT FY23
                                                                                                                                           FY23



                        REMUNERATION REPORT                                                                                          REPORTING PERIOD
                        (AUDITED)                                                                                                    ENDED 1 JULY 2023


                        SECTION 6
                        Executive Remuneration Framework

                        Our philosophy is to provide flexible and market competitive remuneration arrangements that reflect the performance of the Group and
                        its businesses.
                        The key elements are:

                                                                               Pay-for-
                                                     Aligned to             performance              Equitable and             Recognise           Aligned to values
                                Market             shareholders’           environment -           consistent across       performance and         and prudent risk
                              competitive           sustainable              specific and             the Group               experience             management
                                                        value               measurable




For personal use only
                        EXECUTIVE REMUNERATION OBJECTIVES
                        The Group MD and CEO, together with other Executive KMP, are remunerated under a Total Reward Framework. The Total Reward
                        Framework is designed to appropriately reward executives for their contribution to the success of the Group by aligning all remuneration
                        elements to the delivery of both short-term milestones and long-term sustainable value to the Company’s shareholders. The target pay
                        mix is set out in Table 9.


                         Our Remuneration           Attract, motivate and        Differentiate reward to        Alignment to shareholder     An appropriate balance
                         Objectives                 retain executive talent.     drive performance,             interests and value          of fixed and ‘at-risk’
                                                                                 including values and           creation through equity      components focused on
                                                                                 behaviours.                    components granted as        long-term strategy and
                                                                                                                part of long-term            short-term milestones.
                                                                                                                incentives or through the
                                                                                                                partial deferral of short-
                                                                                                                term incentives into
                                                                                                                equity.




                         ALIGNMENT OF OBJECTIVES TO OUR REMUNERATION FRAMEWORK

                                                                   Fixed Pay                     Short-Term Incentive (STI)              Long-Term Incentive (LTI)

                         Strategic Intent           To reflect the Executive’s role,         To achieve Board approved targets,     To reward Executive KMP for
                                                    duties, responsibilities, strategic      in support of the execution of the     sustainable long-term growth
                                                    value, experience and skills.            Group’s strategy.                      aligned to shareholders’ interests.
                                                    Quantum is set using external
                                                    market-based data of similarly           Deferral of STI into equity extends
                                                    sized S&P/ ASX200 companies. The         the timeframe for receipt of
                                                    position against market increases        variable reward outcomes.
                                                    over time to reflect performance in
                                                    the role.

                                                                                          Total Target Reward & Remuneration Mix

                         Market Positioning         Reward quantum is set at a level to attract, motivate and retain talented executives. Compared to relevant
                                                    market-based data (similarly sized S&P/ ASX200 companies), fixed pay is positioned at the median, increasing to
                                                    the 75th percentile for sustained high performance. Total Target Reward is positioned at the 75th percentile where
                                                    there is sustained high performance taking into consideration expertise and performance in the role. The pay mix
                                                    philosophy favours “at-risk” pay over fixed pay, while remaining broadly consistent with the market.
                         SUPERRETAIL
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP
                                     GROUP LIMITED
                                           LIMITEDANNUAL
                                                   ANNUALREPORT
                                                          REPORTFY23
                                                                  FY23                                                                                                 78
                                                                                                                                                                        78




                        REMUNERATION REPORT                                                                                          REPORTING PERIOD
                        (AUDITED)                                                                                                    ENDED 1 JULY 2023


                        REMUNERATION BENCHMARKS
                        As an input to determining remuneration quantum for Executive KMP, the Board references benchmarks that are representative of the size
                        and scope of the Group and the specific accountabilities of the roles using multiple comparator groups. The comparator groups being:
                                  companies within 50 per cent to 200 per cent of the Group’s 12-month average market capitalisation;
                                  companies in the S&P/ASX 200 Global Industry Classification Standard Consumer Discretionary sector; and
                                  for Brand MDs, S&P/ASX200 Head of Business Units with similar revenue accountability.
                        The Board considers this combination appropriate to assess the market for similar-sized roles within a sufficiently sized market sample
                        across broader industry, with a view to any sector specific insights.
                        The benchmarking approach allows the Board to consider a broad range of comparable roles in companies or, where relevant, business
                        units, of similar size and scale, as well as industry peers. This dual lens provides both a large enough sample to form a view on remuneration
                        levels across the broader market for talent as well as sector specific insights. Market data provides one input to the Board’s decision-




For personal use only
                        making on remuneration levels. The Board also takes account of performance, internal relativities and the economic environment and
                        context.

                        FIXED PAY/BASE SALARY
                        Fixed Pay comprises base pay and superannuation and may include prescribed non-financial benefits at the discretion of the individual
                        executive on a salary-sacrifice basis. The Group provides superannuation contributions in line with statutory obligations.
                        No guaranteed Fixed Pay increases are included in any KMP’s service agreement.

                        VARIABLE OR ‘AT-RISK’ REMUNERATION
                        Variable or ‘at-risk’ remuneration forms a significant portion of the Executive KMP remuneration opportunity. The purpose of variable
                        remuneration is to focus executives on the execution of the Group’s strategy and delivery of long-term sustainable value.
                        The information below provides detail of the Group’s short-term and long-term incentives.

                        SHORT-TERM INCENTIVE REWARD
                        Consistent with prior years, the FY23 STI scheme for the Executive Leadership Team, including Executive KMP, is based on a balanced
                        scorecard. Taking a scorecard approach allows executive performance to be assessed in a holistic way against four key drivers of
                        performance, outlined in Table 15.
                        Deferral of a portion of STI into equity was introduced in FY20 using restricted shares to meet the deferred STI component. Using equity
                        to meet a portion of STI further aligns executive interests to those of shareholders. Restricted shares are delivered to Executive KMP and
                        other eligible executives under and subject to the rules of the Super Retail Group Employee Equity Incentive Plan (the EIP). The EIP rules
                        are available in the Corporate Governance section of the Company’s website.

                        Table 15: Key aspects of the FY23 STI scheme

                                 Scheme                           STI awards are made under the Super Retail Group Short-Term Incentive scheme (the STI scheme).

                                 Participation                    The scheme allows for the invitation to participate to Executive KMP and other executives.

                                 Purpose                          The scheme rewards a combination of Board-approved financial and non-financial performance
                                                                  measures that are aligned to the execution of the Group’s strategy, and which articulate
                                                                  performance expectations at both target and over-achievement levels.

                                 Performance period               The performance period is the financial year ending 1 July 2023.

                                 Financial gateway                A minimum Group NPBT of at least 90 per cent of target must be met before any Short-Term
                                                                  Incentives are payable. If this level is not reached, any payment made to Executive KMP will be at
                                                                  the Board’s discretion.
                         79
                        79                                                                            SUPER
                                                                                                    SUPER   RETAILGROUP
                                                                                                          RETAIL   GROUPLIMITED
                                                                                                                         LIMITEDANNUAL
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                       REPORT FY23
                                                                                                                                              FY23



                        REMUNERATION REPORT                                                                                              REPORTING PERIOD
                        (AUDITED)                                                                                                        ENDED 1 JULY 2023


                              Performance targets               The achievement of individual KPI targets (once the financial gateway has been achieved)
                                                                determines the proportion of the potential bonus entitlement that will be granted.
                                                                For FY23, the following primary performance goals and weightings were selected. These goals are
                                                                aligned to the Group’s strategic plan. The significant weighting of financial outcomes, at 50 per
                                                                cent, maintains a strong link between financial performance and incentive paid.

                                                                                                                Weighting
                                                                       Measures              Category                                    Performance Goals
                                                                                                                (% of STI)
                                                                                                                                Normalised NPBT
                                                                    Financial           Financial                   50
                                                                                                                                Working Capital Efficiency
                                                                    Non-Financial       Business                    20          Delivery of Strategic Portfolio
                                                                                        Improvement




For personal use only
                                                                                        Customer                    15          Active Customer Revenue
                                                                                                                                Safety Effort
                                                                                        Non-financial/ESG           15
                                                                                                                                ESG goals


                              FY23 Target, Maximum              The reward target for STI opportunity is set with reference to market data, and the stretch STI
                              (Stretch) Opportunity, and        opportunity is 150 per cent of target. For each measure, a threshold level of performance is set.
                              Minimum                           This level must be met to achieve any payment; hence the minimum is zero.

                              Payment frequency and             FY23 STI awards are delivered as 70 per cent cash and 30 per cent restricted shares.
                              payment vehicle
                                                                STI awards are paid annually. Payments are made following the end of the performance period,
                                                                generally in August or September. Restrictions on 50 per cent of the FY23 deferred STI will lift in
                                                                August 2024 and the restrictions on 50 per cent will lift in August 2025. There are no further
                                                                performance conditions.
                                                                Restricted shares are retained by exiting executives, unless the Board determines otherwise,
                                                                subject to the original vesting timeline.

                              Restricted shares                 A restricted share is a fully paid ordinary share in the Company awarded to and held by an STI
                                                                scheme participant subject to the terms of grant and the EIP rules, which include restrictions on
                                                                disposal, vesting and forfeiture rules.
                                                                A restricted share is held in trust and may not be traded until all restrictions are lifted. No amount
                                                                is payable by the participant on the grant or vesting of a restricted share. Participants are entitled
                                                                to receive dividends on, and exercise the voting rights of, the restricted shares they hold.

                              Principles for Board discretion         Preserving the purpose and integrity of the remuneration framework and short-term
                              on short-term incentive plans            remuneration target.

                                                                      Consistency with general market/security-holder expectations, particularly for the
                                                                       alignment of performance-based remuneration with the interests of shareholders.

                                                                      Exercising discretion only for events or items over the performance period that have a
                                                                       material impact on the outcome.

                                                                      Maintaining affordability of the STI scheme.

                                                                      Sustaining desired impact against subsequent year strategic and business objectives.

                                                                      Exercising any discretion fairly and consistently, considering:
                                                                       o   any actions taken which have optimised long and/or short-term value creation
                                                                           at the expense of an “in year” outcome measured in the scorecard;
                                                                       o   whether performance measures capture the impacts of unforeseen events on
                                                                           the business and creation of sustainable shareholder value; and
                                                                       o   the impacts of a team member’s actions on the outcome as assessed against the
                                                                           performance metric.
                         SUPERRETAIL
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP
                                     GROUP LIMITED
                                           LIMITEDANNUAL
                                                   ANNUALREPORT
                                                          REPORTFY23
                                                                  FY23                                                                                               80
                                                                                                                                                                      80




                        REMUNERATION REPORT                                                                                       REPORTING PERIOD
                        (AUDITED)                                                                                                 ENDED 1 JULY 2023


                        The Human Resources and Remuneration Committee (HRRC) makes recommendations to the Board in relation to the design of the STI
                        scheme, KPIs and target setting. The Board has ultimate approval and discretion over the outcomes.
                        The treatment on cessation of employment and change of control are common to all plans under the EIP and are outlined in Table 19.

                        LONG-TERM INCENTIVE REWARD
                        The Group’s remuneration structure aims to align LTIs for Executive KMPs and other executives with the delivery of sustainable value to
                        shareholders. The alignment of interests is important in ensuring that Executive KMPs and other executives are focused on delivering
                        sustainable returns to shareholders, whilst allowing the Group to attract and retain high-calibre executives. The Board has determined that
                        the combination of Normalised EPS and Normalised ROC, in each case over a three year period, are appropriate measures of sustainable
                        shareholder returns.

                        Table 16: Key aspects of the FY23 LTI Plan




For personal use only
                               Plan                             The Company's Long-Term Incentive Plan (the LTI Plan) provides awards in the form of performance
                                                                rights which are granted under the rules of the EIP.

                               Participation                    The plan allows for the annual grant of performance rights to Executive KMP and other executives.
                                                                The Board has the absolute discretion to grant the Executive any incentive award under the LTI
                                                                Plan and to determine the quantum of any such award.

                               LTI instrument                   Performance rights are granted by the Company at no cost to the participant. A performance right
                                                                represents a right to receive a fully paid ordinary share at no cost if service-based and
                                                                performance-based vesting conditions are met.
                                                                The Board retains the discretion to settle the rights in cash.

                               Allocation methodology           The number of performance rights granted to each Executive KMP is determined in accordance
                                                                with the Executive Remuneration Framework and has a value of between 75 per cent and 100 per
                                                                cent of their Fixed Pay. The notional value of performance rights granted to Executive KMP and
                                                                other executives is determined on a face value basis using a volume-weighted average price for
                                                                Super Retail Group shares traded on the ASX over a period of five trading days following the
                                                                release of the Group’s results for the preceding reporting period. The value of performance rights
                                                                for grant purposes may differ from the accounting valuation shown in the financial statements,
                                                                which considers probability of vesting and other factors.

                               Performance period               Three financial years ending on or around 1 July 2025.


                               Performance hurdles              Equity grants to Executive KMP and other executives are in two equal tranches, 50 per cent
                                                                relating to the Normalised EPS over the performance period and 50 per cent relating to average
                                                                Normalised ROC over the performance period.

                               Normalised EPS                   Normalised earnings per share as presented in the financial statements in note 18(c). Performance
                                                                is cumulative over the performance period.

                               Normalised ROC                   Pre-AASB16 Normalised NPAT adjusted for interest after tax divided by the average of pre-AASB16
                                                                Net Assets normalised for adjustments for brand name impairment, at the beginning and the end
                                                                of the financial year, less cash plus borrowings.
                         81
                        81                                                                      SUPER
                                                                                              SUPER   RETAILGROUP
                                                                                                    RETAIL   GROUPLIMITED
                                                                                                                   LIMITEDANNUAL
                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                 REPORT FY23
                                                                                                                                        FY23



                        REMUNERATION REPORT                                                                                       REPORTING PERIOD
                        (AUDITED)                                                                                                 ENDED 1 JULY 2023


                              Vesting schedule                The performance conditions for performance rights granted in FY23 were:

                                                                                                                     Measures

                                                                                    Normalised EPS over the                Normalised ROC over the
                                                                                    performance period                     performance period


                                                                                    Below $2.45:                           Below 10%:
                                                               Proportion that
                                                               qualifies for        0% of this portion                     0% of this portion
                                                               delivery in          At $2.45:                              At 10%:
                                                               accordance with      50% of this portion                    30% of this portion
                                                               the vesting          At $3.00:                              At 12%:
                                                               period outlined      100% of this portion                   50% of this portion




For personal use only
                                                               below                Straight-line vesting: Between         At 15%:
                                                                                    $2.45 and $3.00                        100% of this portion
                                                                                                                           Straight-line vesting: Between 10%
                                                                                                                           and 12% and between 12% and 15%


                                                              The various vesting points (Threshold, Midpoint and Maximum) for the grants since FY17 are
                                                              shown in Table 17.

                              Significant items               The Board may adjust for any significant events or items considered unusual by their nature or size
                                                              and/or not being in the ordinary course of business.

                              Qualifying/qualified            Performance rights which have become eligible for vesting, having met the performance hurdle
                              performance rights              but not yet met the service condition.

                              Vesting period                  If the performance conditions are satisfied within the performance period, the performance rights
                                                              will vest over subsequent years in accordance with the following schedule:
                                                               Time after grant of                 Percentage of
                                                               performance rights:                 performance rights that vest:
                                                               Three years                         50
                                                               Four years                          50
                                                              Note that for grants prior to FY20, qualified performance rights vest 50 per cent after three years,
                                                              25 per cent after four years and 25 per cent after five years.

                              Testing and time restrictions   At the end of the performance period, equity grants are tested against the performance hurdles
                                                              set. Awards will only vest once the Board, in its discretion, determines that relevant conditions
                                                              have been satisfied following the end of the applicable vesting period. If the performance hurdles
                                                              are not met at the testing date, the performance rights will lapse. Qualifying performance rights
                                                              may also lapse prior to vesting at the Board’s discretion. There is no retesting of performance
                                                              hurdles under the plan. The Board has discretion to determine that an Award vests prior to the end
                                                              of the relevant period and retains a discretion to adjust performance-related outcomes.

                              Exercise terms                  For the Group MD and CEO, performance rights which vest may be exercised (at no cost to the
                                                              executive) at any time up to the date that is eight years after the grant date. Any performance
                                                              rights which are not exercised before that date will lapse.
                                                              For other executives, shares are automatically allocated on vesting of performance rights and no
                                                              exercise mechanism applies.

                              Dividends and voting rights     Performance Rights do not carry voting or dividend rights.
                                                              For the Group MD and CEO, for Performance Rights that vest, the Board has determined that a
                                                              dividend equivalent payment will be paid by the Company for the period between vesting and
                                                              exercise of those rights. The dividend equivalent payment (if any) will be paid once performance
                                                              rights are exercised and will be paid in cash (unless the Board determines otherwise), equal to the
                                                              value of the dividends inclusive of an allowance for imputation credits that attach to the dividends.
                                                              Unless the Board determines otherwise, no dividend equivalent payment will be made in respect
                                                              of any vested performance rights that have lapsed for any reason.
                         SUPERRETAIL
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP
                                     GROUP LIMITED
                                           LIMITEDANNUAL
                                                   ANNUALREPORT
                                                          REPORTFY23
                                                                  FY23                                                                                                 82
                                                                                                                                                                        82




                        REMUNERATION REPORT                                                                                          REPORTING PERIOD
                        (AUDITED)                                                                                                    ENDED 1 JULY 2023


                                 Principles for Board discretion      Preserve the purpose and integrity of the LTI Plan.
                                 on equity-based incentive
                                                                      Maintain the integrity of each year’s remuneration as awarded.
                                 plans
                                                                      Maintain the level of performance expected when the original targets were set.
                                                                      Be consistent with general market/securityholder expectations, particularly for the alignment
                                                                       of performance-based remuneration with the interests of shareholders.
                                                                      Be able to be implemented without requiring special approvals, for example from the ASX or
                                                                       securityholders.
                                                                      Not hinder the success of any transaction (such as a significant acquisition) given that
                                                                       executives do not otherwise receive incentive type payments for merger and acquisition
                                                                       activity.
                                                                      Discretion should only be exercised for events or items over the performance period that have




For personal use only
                                                                       a material impact on the outcome.
                                                                      Adjustments (positive and negative) are made at the time of vesting (there may be more
                                                                       than one relevant event during the performance period).



                        The HRRC makes recommendations to the Board in relation to the design of the LTI Plan, metrics and target setting. The Board has ultimate
                        approval and discretion over the outcomes.
                        The treatment on cessation of employment and change of control are common to all plans under the EIP and are outlined in Table 19.

                        Table 17: Vesting schedule (Threshold, Midpoint and Maximum) for LTI Plans from FY17 to FY20

                                                            Performance Condition for                                         Performance Condition for
                                                Normalised EPS compound average growth over the                                    Normalised ROC
                                                               performance period                                        average over the performance period

                                               Threshold                                                       Threshold
                                            (zero below this,                                               (zero below this,
                                               30% of this          Midpoint              Maximum              30% of this            Midpoint             Maximum
                                             portion at this       (50% of this         (100% of this        portion at this         (50% of this        (100% of this
                         Grant                   point)              portion)             portion)               point)                portion)            portion)

                         FY17                      N/A                 10%                   15%                   10%                  12%                    15%
                         FY18                      N/A                 10%                   15%                   10%                  12%                    15%
                         FY19                      8%                  10%                   13%                   10%                  12%                    15%
                         FY20                      8%                  10%                   13%                   10%                  12%                    15%
                         83
                        83                                                                       SUPER
                                                                                               SUPER   RETAILGROUP
                                                                                                     RETAIL   GROUPLIMITED
                                                                                                                    LIMITEDANNUAL
                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                  REPORT FY23
                                                                                                                                         FY23



                        REMUNERATION REPORT                                                                                      REPORTING PERIOD
                        (AUDITED)                                                                                                ENDED 1 JULY 2023


                        Table 18: Key aspects of the LTI plan modifications for the FY21 grant

                               Financial years applicable       The grant for FY21 included both the FY21 and the FY22 opportunity for Executive KMP. There was
                                                                no LTI grant in FY22 made to Executive KMP.

                               Allocation methodology           The notional value of performance rights granted to Executive KMP and other executives is
                                                                determined on a face value basis using a volume-weighted average price for ordinary shares of the
                                                                Company traded on the ASX over a period of five trading days. Usually, the five-day period starts
                                                                from the day following the release of the Group’s results for the preceding reporting period.
                                                                Following discussions with shareholders, the Board determined that the FY21 grant should be
                                                                based on the average over the five trading days following the Group’s trading update
                                                                announcement which was lodged with the ASX on 31 July 2020.

                               Performance period               For the FY21 grant, the performance period is the two-year period of the MTBP i.e. the combined




For personal use only
                                                                FY21 and FY22 period.

                               Performance hurdles              The FY21 LTI grants are in two equal tranches, the first tranche is measured against Normalised
                                                                NPBT over the performance period. The remaining tranche is measured against Normalised ROC
                                                                averaged over the performance period.
                                                                For the FY21 grant, 50 per cent of rights vest at the minimum (target) performance level and 100
                                                                per cent of rights vest at the maximum performance target, with vesting between these points on
                                                                a pro-rata basis.

                               Vesting schedule                 a) Normalised NPBT (50 per cent of the performance rights)
                                                                The percentage of performance rights attributed to the Normalised NPBT hurdle that is available
                                                                to vest, if any, will be determined with reference to the Company’s Normalised NPBT performance
                                                                as set out in the table below.


                                                                 Normalised NPBT                    Percentage of performance rights attributed to Normalised
                                                                                                    NPBT hurdle that become ‘Qualified performance rights’
                                                                                                    and are available to vest

                                                                 Below $413.8 million                                           0%
                                                                 At $413.8 million                                              50%
                                                                 Between $413.8 million and                             On a pro-rata basis
                                                                 $517.3 million
                                                                 At maximum performance                                        100%
                                                                 ($517.3 million)

                                                                b) Normalised ROC (50 per cent of the performance rights)
                                                                The percentage of performance rights attributed to the Normalised ROC hurdle that is available to
                                                                vest, if any, will be determined with reference to the Company’s Normalised ROC performance as
                                                                set out in the table below.


                                                                 Normalised ROC                      Percentage of performance rights attributed to Normalised
                                                                                                     ROC hurdle that become ‘Qualified performance rights’ and
                                                                                                     are available to vest
                                                                 Below 12%                                                       0%
                                                                 At 12%                                                         50%
                                                                 Between 12% and 15.9%                                   On a pro-rata basis
                                                                 At 15.9%                                                      100%


                               Qualifying/qualified             Performance rights which have become eligible for vesting, having met the performance hurdle
                               performance rights               but not yet met the service condition.
                         SUPERRETAIL
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP
                                     GROUP LIMITED
                                           LIMITEDANNUAL
                                                   ANNUALREPORT
                                                          REPORTFY23
                                                                  FY23                                                                                                  84
                                                                                                                                                                         84




                        REMUNERATION REPORT                                                                                         REPORTING PERIOD
                        (AUDITED)                                                                                                   ENDED 1 JULY 2023


                                Vesting period                    For the FY21 grant, once the performance conditions were satisfied (within the performance
                                                                  period), the performance rights vest over the subsequent years in accordance with the following
                                                                  schedule:

                                                                  Time after grant of performance rights:            Proportion of performance rights that vest:
                                                                  Two years                                          One third
                                                                  Three years                                        One third
                                                                  Four years                                         One third

                                Testing                           There is no retesting of performance hurdles under the plan.

                                Dividends and voting rights       Performance rights do not carry voting or dividend rights.

                                Principles for Board discretion      Preserve the purpose and integrity of the LTI plan.




For personal use only
                                on equity-based incentive
                                                                     Maintain the integrity of each year’s remuneration as awarded.
                                plans
                                                                     Maintain the level of performance expected when the original targets were set.
                                                                     Be consistent with general market/securityholder expectations, particularly for the alignment
                                                                      of performance-based remuneration with the interests of shareholders.
                                                                     Be able to be implemented without requiring special approvals, for example from the ASX or
                                                                      securityholders.
                                                                     Not hinder the success of any transaction (such as a significant acquisition) given that
                                                                      executives do not otherwise receive incentive type payments for merger and acquisition
                                                                      activity.
                                                                     Discretion should only be exercised for events or items over the performance period that have
                                                                      a material impact on the outcome.
                                                                     Adjustments (positive and negative) are made at the time of vesting (there may be more than
                                                                      one relevant event during the performance period).


                        The treatment on cessation of employment and change of control are common to all plans under the EIP and are outlined in Table 19.


                        OTHER KEY TERMS OF THE EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN RULES
                        The Super Retail Group Employee Equity Incentive Plan (EIP) Rules govern both the deferred STI Scheme and the LTI Plan, as well as the
                        other equity awards described in this report (see ‘Other Equity’ section below). Table 19 outlines further key provisions under the EIP rules
                        that apply to the restricted shares (deferred STI), performance rights (LTI) and other equity awards described in this report. The EIP rules
                        are available in the Corporate Governance section of the Company’s website.

                        Table 19: Key terms of the EIP rules

                                Prohibition on hedging            The EIP rules specifically prohibit a participant from entering into any scheme, arrangement or
                                                                  agreement (including options, securities lending, hedging or derivative products) under which the
                                                                  participant may alter the economic benefit to be derived from any performance rights or restricted
                                                                  shares. Where a participant enters, or purports to enter, into any scheme, arrangement or
                                                                  agreement, the Board may determine that the award immediately lapses or is forfeited (as the
                                                                  case may be).

                                Claw-back provisions              The Board has discretion under the EIP rules to determine any treatment in relation to
                                                                  participants’ awards, both vested and unvested, as it sees fit, in certain circumstances such as
                                                                  fraud, dishonesty, or breach of obligations (including, without limitation, a material misstatement
                                                                  of financial information). Such treatment may include a decision by the Board to cause the lapse or
                                                                  forfeiture of some or all of the participant's awards or, where shares allocated to the participant
                                                                  under the EIP have been subsequently sold, require the participant to repay the net proceeds of
                                                                  such a sale.
                         85
                        85                                                                        SUPER
                                                                                                SUPER   RETAILGROUP
                                                                                                      RETAIL   GROUPLIMITED
                                                                                                                     LIMITEDANNUAL
                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                   REPORT FY23
                                                                                                                                          FY23



                        REMUNERATION REPORT                                                                                        REPORTING PERIOD
                        (AUDITED)                                                                                                  ENDED 1 JULY 2023


                               Treatment on cessation of         If a participant ceases to be an employee of the Group for any reason, the Board has a broad
                               employment                        discretion to determine that a different treatment applies in respect of any unvested awards. For
                                                                 example, the Board could determine that a pro-rata number of the participant’s awards will vest at
                                                                 the original time of vesting (subject to the satisfaction of original performance hurdles and any
                                                                 other vesting conditions that are not service related).
                                                                 Where the Board does not apply such discretion, some default treatments apply on cessation of
                                                                 employment. For example, where an employee resigns or is terminated for cause (including gross
                                                                 misconduct), their unvested rights will lapse immediately unless the Board determines otherwise.
                                                                 In other situations, unvested performance rights may remain on foot and vest (or otherwise lapse)
                                                                 in accordance with their terms.

                               Change of control provisions      Should a change of control event occur, the Board has discretion to determine how unvested
                                                                 awards should be treated, having regard to factors such as the level of performance to date, the




For personal use only
                                                                 length of time elapsed in the performance period and the circumstances of the change of control.
                                                                 Where the Board does not exercise its discretion, there will be a pro-rated accelerated vesting of
                                                                 unvested performance rights.



                        All equity awarded under the EIP has a maximum value dependent on future share price and the minimum value of nil.


                        OTHER EQUITY
                        CEO Co-investment award
                        At the 2019 AGM, shareholders approved a one-off grant of performance rights to Group MD and CEO, Anthony Heraghty in the form of a
                        co-investment award on the condition that Mr Heraghty self-fund the acquisition of ordinary shares in the Company of an equivalent value.
                        The intent of this grant was to further align the Group MD and CEO’s interests with the interests of shareholders and to provide an
                        opportunity for Mr Heraghty to build his shareholding, and this was agreed in Mr Heraghty’s employment contract. Mr Heraghty satisfied
                        the requirement for Mr Heraghty to acquire shares of an equivalent value in March 2019 and as such, the co-investment grant was made
                        following receipt of shareholder approval at the 2019 AGM. The performance rights vest on the third (50 per cent), fourth (25 per cent)
                        and fifth (25 per cent) anniversaries of the date of the contract. The first two tranches (50 per cent and 25 per cent) of the co-investment
                        award vested in February 2022 and February 2023 as shown in Section 5. The remainder will vest in February 2024 subject to the terms of
                        the grant. A dividend equivalent payment is also payable as described in Table 7.
                        MD Macpac - initial incentive award
                        Cathy Seaholme joined the Company as Managing Director - Macpac on 25 October 2021. Due to no LTI grant being made to Executive
                        KMP during FY22, Ms Seaholme’s initial terms included an incentive opportunity of NZ$341,000 based on the achievement of the Macpac
                        segment against the budget for FY22 and FY23, as assessed by the Board at the end of FY23. Under the incentive opportunity, 50 per cent
                        will be payable in cash in September 2023, 25 per cent will be delivered in shares in September 2023 and 25 per cent will be delivered in
                        restricted shares in September 2023 on which restrictions will lift in August 2024. The Board considered this was an appropriate
                        performance-related mechanism to build share ownership in the period before any reward is received from Ms Seaholme’s first LTI grant.
                        The first LTI grant was made to Ms Seaholme in FY23 and will be eligible to vest in FY26 subject to achievement of performance hurdles.
                        One-off outperformance award
                        The Board made the decision in FY21 to make one-off changes to the approach to the LTI arrangements. The FY21 LTI had a two-year
                        performance period ending in FY22, and also included the FY22 LTI reward. There was no LTI grant in FY22 for Executive KMP. Bringing
                        forward the FY22 LTI reward into the FY21 LTI grant created a gap in the testing of LTI outcomes in FY24 resulting in a lower amount of LTI
                        to potentially vest in 2024 and 2025 when compared to the steady state. To address this gap in potential equity vesting in FY24 and to
                        support retention of executives and incentivise outperformance, the Board determined that a restricted equity-based award on a one-off
                        basis was appropriate for FY23 dependent on significant outperformance of NPBT.
                        The one-off outperformance award was based on outperformance of the NPBT stretch target. The maximum level of this award is
                        considered met when Normalised NPBT exceeds the stretch target by more than 7.5 per cent. The FY23 Normalised NPBT result of $390.6
                        million was such that the Board approved 100 per cent of this award. Once the stretch target is met, an individual must also achieve a
                        scorecard result of at least 100 per cent of target before they are eligible to receive the one-off outperformance award. The additional
                        reward to Executives under this one-off outperformance award represents three per cent of the additional profit generated. Following
                        discussions with the Board’s independent remuneration advisers, the Board was satisfied that this is well within market practice. The value
                        of the award determined by the Board will be delivered in the form of restricted shares in September 2023 with restrictions lifting in August
                        2024. Delivery of the reward in the form of equity continues to build the Executives’ holdings towards the Minimum Securities Holding,
                        strengthening alignment to shareholders’ interests. Deferral of the reward also allows the Board to apply claw-back in the unlikely event
                        that should be warranted.
                         SUPERRETAIL
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP
                                     GROUP LIMITED
                                           LIMITEDANNUAL
                                                   ANNUALREPORT
                                                          REPORTFY23
                                                                  FY23                                                                                             86
                                                                                                                                                                    86




                        REMUNERATION REPORT                                                                                       REPORTING PERIOD
                        (AUDITED)                                                                                                 ENDED 1 JULY 2023


                        TERMINATION ARRANGEMENTS
                        No Executive KMP ceased employment with Super Retail Group during FY23.

                        SERVICE AGREEMENTS
                        Remuneration and other terms of employment for ongoing Executive KMP are formalised in service agreements. Each of these agreements
                        provide for, but do not guarantee, participation in STI and LTI arrangements. All service agreements with Executive KMP may be terminated
                        by either party as shown in Table 20.

                        Table 20: Key terms of Executive KMP Service Agreements

                                                                              Agreement              Notice period if      Notice period if       Commencement
                                                              Term of       commencement                Company               executive              date with
                          Name                               agreement          date(1)                terminates            terminates          Super Retail Group




For personal use only
                          Anthony Heraghty                    Ongoing        20 February 2019          12 months              9 months                 27 April 2015
                          Paul Bradshaw                       Ongoing       25 November 2019            6 months              6 months            25 November 2019
                          David Burns                         Ongoing          3 October 2018           6 months              3 months             3 December 2012
                          Cathy Seaholme                      Ongoing         25 October 2021           6 months              6 months              25 October 2021
                          Benjamin Ward                       Ongoing           1 August 2019           6 months              3 months                  29 July 2019
                          Gary Williams                       Ongoing             2 April 2019          6 months              3 months                   2 April 2019
                        (1)   Commencement date of KMP service agreement.



                        Service agreements do not provide for termination payments. However, service agreements specify the notice period required and note
                        that the executive may be required to work some or all of the notice period, and the Company reserves the right to pay in lieu of notice.

                        PERIOD OF RESTRAINT
                        Executives, including Executive KMP, are subject to post-employment restraints under their service agreements. Upon cessation of
                        employment for any reason, the employee must not compete with the Group’s relevant specialty retailing businesses (including direct or
                        indirect involvement as a principal, agent, partner, employee, shareholder, unit holder, director, trustee, beneficiary, manager, contractor,
                        adviser or financier), without first obtaining the consent of the company in writing. The restraint period is 12 months for all Executive KMP.

                        SECURITIES TRADING POLICY/HEDGING
                        Under the Company's Securities Trading Policy, Company securities cannot be hedged prior to their vesting or while they are subject to a
                        holding lock or restriction on dealing under the terms of an employee, executive or director equity plan operated by the Company.

                        GENDER PAY EQUITY
                        The Group is committed to remunerating all team members fairly and equitably.
                        In support of gender pay equity, the Group conducts annual gender pay equity reviews. No systemic issues regarding gender pay equity
                        were identified in the most recent review undertaken in the reporting period. In addition, the Group’s recruitment, performance and
                        reward processes are monitored to assist in delivering on our commitment to provide equitable, fair and consistent pay arrangements to
                        team members.
                         87
                        87                                                                            SUPER
                                                                                                    SUPER   RETAILGROUP
                                                                                                          RETAIL   GROUPLIMITED
                                                                                                                         LIMITEDANNUAL
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                       REPORT FY23
                                                                                                                                              FY23



                        REMUNERATION REPORT                                                                                        REPORTING PERIOD
                        (AUDITED)                                                                                                  ENDED 1 JULY 2023


                        SECTION 7
                        Non-Executive Director Remuneration Arrangements
                        NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR REMUNERATION STRUCTURE
                        The Company’s remuneration strategy is designed to attract and retain experienced, qualified Non-Executive Directors and to remunerate
                        appropriately to reflect the responsibilities of the position. Non-Executive Directors receive fees to recognise their contribution to the work
                        of the Board and the associated Committees on which they serve.
                        The HRRC annually reviews the level of fees payable to Non-Executive Directors. Under the current fee framework, Non-Executive Directors
                        are remunerated by way of a base fee, with additional fees paid to the Chairs and members of Committees; namely, the ARC and the HRRC.
                        This reflects the additional time commitment required by the Chairs and members of these Committees.




For personal use only
                        The Board Chair receives an all-inclusive fee and no other fees (e.g. Committee fees) are received.
                        Fees are inclusive of superannuation contributions required under applicable legislation.

                        NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR FEES
                        At the 2020 AGM, shareholders approved a maximum fee pool of $1.5 million a year. The fees paid to Non-Executive Directors are set out
                        in Table 21 and are annual fees, inclusive of superannuation, unless otherwise stated. The Board determined that an increase in base fees
                        was appropriate for FY22 in line with independent market data. The Board considered base and Committee fees for FY23 and made no
                        change from FY22.

                        Table 21: Non-Executive Director fees

                                                                                       Audit and Risk         Human Resources and
                                                                             Board                                                            Nomination Committee
                                                                                        Committee            Remuneration Committee

                                       Chair(1)                            $360,000       $45,000                     $45,000                           Nil

                                     Members                               $145,000       $15,000                     $15,000                           Nil

                        (1)   Committee fees are not paid to the Chair of the Board.
                         SUPERRETAIL
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP
                                     GROUP LIMITED
                                           LIMITEDANNUAL
                                                   ANNUALREPORT
                                                          REPORTFY23
                                                                  FY23                                                                                                                 88
                                                                                                                                                                                        88




                        REMUNERATION REPORT                                                                                                                 REPORTING PERIOD
                        (AUDITED)                                                                                                                           ENDED 1 JULY 2023


                        Details of the remuneration of the Non-Executive Directors of the Company are set out in Table 22.

                        Table 22: Non-Executive Directors Remuneration calculated in accordance with Australian accounting standards

                                                                                                                                                             Post-
                                                                                                                                                          employment
                                                                      Year                                 Short-term benefits                              benefits       Total



                                                                                   Cash salary and                  Cash               Non- monetary
                                                                                        fees                       bonus                 benefits        Superannuation    Total
                          Name                                                            $                          $                       $                 $             $
                          Sally Pitkin AO                             FY23                    360,000                            -                   -                 -     360,000




For personal use only
                                                                      FY22                    360,000                            -                   -                 -     360,000

                          Annabelle Chaplain                          FY23                    144,796                            -                   -           15,204      160,000

                                                                      FY22                    145,455                            -                   -           14,545      160,000

                          Peter Everingham(1)                         FY23                    185,520                            -                   -           19,480      205,000

                                                                      FY22                    186,364                            -                   -           18,636      205,000

                          Howard Mowlem                               FY23                    185,520                            -                   -           19,480      205,000

                                                                      FY22                    186,364                            -                   -           18,636      205,000

                          Mark O’Hare(2)                              FY23                     35,596                            -                   -            3,738       39,334

                                                                      FY22                             -                         -                   -                 -           -

                          Judith Swales(3)                            FY23                    144,796                            -                   -           15,204      160,000

                                                                      FY22                     96,970                            -                   -            9,697      106,667

                          Former Non-Executive Directors

                          Reg Rowe(4)                                 FY23                     99,510                            -                   -           10,449      109,959

                                                                      FY22                    131,818                            -                   -           13,182      145,000

                          Gary Dunne(5)                               FY23                             -                         -                   -                 -           -

                                                                      FY22                     72,727                            -                   -            7,273       80,000

                          Total                                       FY23                 1,155,738                             -                   -           83,555    1,239,293

                          Total                                       FY22                 1,179,698                             -                   -           81,969    1,261,667

                        (1)   Mr Everingham commenced as Chair of the HRRC from 28 October 2020.
                        (2)   Mr O’Hare commenced as KMP on 4 April 2023 and remuneration disclosed in the table for FY23 is from this date.
                        (3)   Ms Swales commenced as KMP on 1 November 2021 and remuneration disclosed in the table for FY22 is from this date.
                        (4)   Mr Rowe ceased to be a KMP on 4 April 2023 and remuneration disclosed in the table for FY23 is until this date.
                        (5)   Mr Dunne ceased to be a KMP on 31 December 2021 and remuneration disclosed in the table for FY22 is until this date.
                         89
                        89                                                                                                      SUPER
                                                                                                                              SUPER   RETAILGROUP
                                                                                                                                    RETAIL   GROUPLIMITED
                                                                                                                                                   LIMITEDANNUAL
                                                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                 REPORT FY23
                                                                                                                                                                        FY23



                        REMUNERATION REPORT                                                                                                                                   REPORTING PERIOD
                        (AUDITED)                                                                                                                                             ENDED 1 JULY 2023


                        SHAREHOLDINGS OF NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS AND THEIR RELATED PARTIES
                        Table 23 sets out details of ordinary shares in the Company held during the financial year by Non-Executive Directors and their
                        related parties.

                        Table 23: Shareholdings of Non-Executive Directors and their related parties(1)


                                                                                     Held at                    Shares acquired                         Shares purchased/                               Held at
                                                                               3 July 2022(2)                        under DRP                                  (disposed)                        1 July 2023(3)

                          Sally Pitkin AO                                              68,405                                        -                                           -                      68,405
                          Annabelle Chaplain AM                                        11,865                                 1,006                                       5,000                         17,871
                          Peter Everingham                                             40,000                                        -                                  20,000                          60,000




For personal use only
                          Howard Mowlem                                                34,286                                        -                                           -                      34,286
                          Mark O’Hare                                            65,999,133                                   3,021                                              -                66,002,154(4)
                          Judith Swales                                                  5,925                                       -                                           -                       5,925
                          Former Director
                          Reg Rowe                                             68,529,190(5)                              10,774(6)                                              -                 68,539,964

                         (1)   Includes the Non-Executive Director's close family members or any entity they or their close family members control, jointly control or significantly influence.
                         (2)   Or date of appointment if later. Mr O’Hare was appointed as a Non-Executive Director on 4 April 2023.
                         (3)   Or date of ceasing to be a KMP if earlier. Mr Rowe ceased to be a Director on 4 April 2023.
                         (4)   Includes 65,918,556 shares held under powers of attorney noted in Mr O’Hare’s Appendix 3Y dated 15 June 2023.
                         (5)   Includes 2,612,549 shares held by close family members of Mr Rowe, in which Mr Rowe has no relevant interest or voting power.
                         (6)   Includes 9,619 shares held by a close family member of Mr Rowe, in which Mr Rowe has no relevant interest or voting power.




                        MINIMUM SECURITIES HOLDING POLICY
                        Under the Company's Minimum Securities Holding Policy, Non-Executive Directors are required to acquire ordinary shares in the Company
                        equivalent in value to 100 per cent of their annual base fee (before tax and superannuation and excluding Committee fees). The minimum
                        shareholding target must be met by Non-Executive Directors within three years of the later of the date the Policy commenced and their
                        appointment.
                        As at the date of this report, Dr Pitkin, Ms Chaplain, Mr Everingham, Mr Mowlem and Mr O’Hare have met the minimum shareholding
                        requirement based on the Company’s closing share price on 30 June 2023 (being the last ASX trading day for FY23).
                        The Minimum Securities Holding Policy is available in the Corporate Governance section of the Company's website.

                        NO PERFORMANCE BASED FEES
                        To ensure the independence of our Non-Executive Directors, they do not receive performance-related remuneration.

                        NO TERMINATION PAYMENTS
                        Non-Executive Directors are not eligible for termination payments on their retirement from office or to receive retirement benefits other
                        than superannuation contributions required under applicable legislation.
                         SUPERRETAIL
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP
                                     GROUP LIMITED
                                           LIMITEDANNUAL
                                                   ANNUALREPORT
                                                          REPORTFY23
                                                                  FY23                                                                                        90
                                                                                                                                                               90




                        REMUNERATION REPORT                                                                                   REPORTING PERIOD
                        (AUDITED)                                                                                             ENDED 1 JULY 2023


                        SECTION 8
                        Transactions with KMP

                        This section applies to Non-Executive Directors and Executive KMP.

                        LOANS TO KMP AND THEIR RELATED PARTIES
                        There are no loans made to KMP or their related parties during the reporting period, or that remain unsettled at the end of the reporting
                        period or the date of this report.

                        OTHER TRANSACTIONS WITH KMP




For personal use only
                        During FY23, the Group paid rental fees to various entities ultimately owned and controlled by former Non-Executive Director, Mr Rowe
                        under store lease agreements. These agreements are on normal commercial terms and rent on the relevant properties is negotiated on an
                        arm’s length basis.
                        The aggregate rental fees payable by the Group under these lease agreements during FY23 amounted to $9,357,875 (FY22:
                        $10,477,402). The current reporting period represents 52 weeks, whereas the comparative period represented 53 weeks.
                        There were no other transactions during the reporting period between the Group and members of KMP or their close family members or
                        controlled entities than those disclosed in this report.
                        9191                                                                           SUPER
                                                                                                    SUPER    RETAIL
                                                                                                          RETAIL    GROUP
                                                                                                                 GROUP    LIMITED
                                                                                                                        LIMITED   ANNUALREPORT
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL   REPORTFY23
                                                                                                                                                FY23




                         REMUNERATION REPORT                                                                                           REPORTING PERIOD
                         (AUDITED)                                                                                                     ENDED 1 JULY 2023


                         SECTION 9
                         Remuneration Governance

                         The Board is responsible for overseeing the Company’s remuneration framework and ensuring that it is aligned with the Company's vision,
                         mission, values, strategic objectives and risk appetite. The HRRC assists the Board in its oversight of the remuneration framework by
                         reviewing and making recommendations to the Board in relation to the overall human resources and remuneration practices of
                         the Group.
                         The HRRC currently comprises three Independent Non-Executive Directors: Peter Everingham (Chair), Howard Mowlem and Sally Pitkin.
                         Details of the number of times the HRRC met and attendance at those meetings during the reporting period is set out in the Directors’
                         Report on page 54. The responsibilities of the HRRC are outlined in its Charter, which is available in the Corporate Governance section of
                         the Company's website.




For personal use only
                         The Audit and Risk Committee (ARC) liaises with the HRRC, as necessary, to ensure there is effective coordination between the Committees
                         and an alignment between the Company's Risk and Compliance Management Framework and remuneration outcomes.
                         The following diagram outlines the Company's remuneration governance framework.

                         Table 24: Remuneration Governance Framework

                                                                                   Super Retail Group Limited Board



                                   Human Resources and Remuneration Committee (HRRC)                                   Audit and Risk Committee (ARC)

                                                                                                     -
                               Assists the Board in setting and overseeing the Group's                   Assists the Board with oversight of the implementation
                               remuneration framework                                                    and operation of the Group's Risk and Compliance
                                                                                                         Management Framework
                               Key responsibilities include reviewing and making
                               recommendations to the Board on:                                          The ARC makes recommendations and provides feedback to
                                                                                                         the HRRC on relevant matters that may impact remuneration,
                               -     the Company's remuneration policies, incentive and
                                                                                                         including with respect to remuneration outcomes,
                                     equity plans and remuneration structure
                                                                                                         adjustments to remuneration in light of relevant matters,
                               -     the process for the Board's annual review of the
                                                                                                         alignment of remuneration with the Risk and Compliance
                                     performance of the Group MD and CEO and direct
                                                                                                         Management Framework.
                                     reports
                               -     the remuneration outcomes for the Group MD and CEO
                                     and direct reports (having regard to the Group MD and
                                     CEO's recommendations)
                                                                                                                      External remuneration consultants
                               -     fees for Non-Executive Directors
                               -     the effectiveness of the remuneration framework and
                                     its compliance with legislative and regulatory                      Where appropriate, HRRC seeks information and advice
                                     requirements.                                                       regarding remuneration directly from external
                                                                                                         remuneration consultants
                                                                                                         During FY23, the HRRC engaged EY as an independent
                                           Shareholders and other stakeholders                           remuneration adviser to provide remuneration
                                                                                                         benchmarking information and market data. No
                               From time to time, there is consultation with shareholders,               remuneration recommendations, as defined in the
                               proxy advisers and other relevant stakeholders to discuss                 Corporations Act, were provided by remuneration
                               the Company's approach to remuneration and hear any                       consultants during FY23.
                               concerns raised by the investor community
                               During FY23, the Chair and the Chairs of the HRRC and the
                               ARC met with proxy advisers and investor bodies.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                92




For personal use only
                                       20
                                                   23                     Fin
                                                                        St a
                                                                          at nc
                                                                            em ia
                                                                              en l
                                                                                ts




                                                            For the financial
                                                            year ended
                                                            1 July 2023
                        93                                                                            SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23
                        93                                                                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23


                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023
                                                                                                                                         2023        2022
                                                                                                              Notes                       $m          $m
                        CONTINUING OPERATIONS
                        Revenue from continuing operations                                                                             3,802.6     3,550.9
                        Other income from continuing operations                                                                            4.4         0.1
                        Total revenues and other income                                                          5                     3,807.0     3,551.0
                        Expenses
                        Cost of sales of goods                                                                                       (2,044.9)    (1,890.3)
                        Other expenses from ordinary activities
                         - selling and distribution                                                                                    (480.0)     (459.3)
                         - marketing                                                                                                   (103.9)      (98.8)
                         - occupancy                                                                                                   (236.1)     (238.1)
                         - administration                                                                                              (515.3)     (471.4)
                        Net finance costs                                                                        6                      (47.4)      (47.0)




For personal use only
                        Share of net loss of associates and joint ventures                                       6                           -       (0.4)
                        Total expenses                                                                                               (3,427.6)    (3,205.3)

                        Profit before income tax                                                                                         379.4       345.7
                        Income tax expense                                                                      15                     (116.4)     (104.5)
                        Profit for the period                                                                                            263.0       241.2

                        Profit for the period is attributable to:
                        Owners of Super Retail Group                                                                                     263.0       241.2


                        OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                        Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
                        Gains / (losses) on cash flow hedges                                                    20                          1.8         8.3
                        Hedging (gains) / losses reclassified to profit or loss                                 20                        (8.3)       (2.5)
                        Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                               20                          1.0       (1.7)
                        Other comprehensive income for the period, net of tax                                                             (5.5)        4.1

                        Total comprehensive income for the period is attributable to:
                        Owners of Super Retail Group                                                                                     257.5       245.3


                        Earnings per share for profit attributable to the ordinary equity holders of
                        the Company:
                        Basic earnings per share                                                                18                       116.5       106.8
                        Diluted earnings per share                                                              18                       115.4       105.8



                        The above consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                          94
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                          94

                        CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                        As at 1 July 2023


                                                                                                                                 2023      2022
                                                                                                                     Notes        $m        $m
                        ASSETS
                        Current assets
                        Cash and cash equivalents                                                                          7    192.3      13.4
                        Trade and other receivables                                                                       8      58.1      53.6
                        Inventories                                                                                       9     788.6     799.6
                        Derivative financial instruments                                                                  17      2.7      11.9
                        Total current assets                                                                                   1,041.7    878.5


                        Non-current assets
                        Property, plant and equipment                                                                     10    270.4     235.7
                        Intangible assets                                                                                 11    846.4     866.0




For personal use only
                        Right-of-use assets                                                                               12    944.4     923.7
                        Deferred tax assets                                                                               15        -      15.4
                        Total non-current assets                                                                               2,061.2   2,040.8
                        Total assets                                                                                           3,102.9   2,919.3


                        LIABILITIES
                        Current liabilities
                        Trade and other payables                                                                          13    490.1     451.4
                        Lease liabilities                                                                                 12    175.8     193.4
                        Current tax liabilities                                                                           15     30.3      19.8
                        Provisions                                                                                        16    106.3      97.9
                        Total current liabilities                                                                               802.5     762.5


                        Non-current liabilities
                        Borrowings                                                                                        14        -         -
                        Lease liabilities                                                                                 12    859.2     817.3
                        Deferred tax liabilities                                                                          15     32.9      10.1
                        Provisions                                                                                        16     40.7      40.4
                        Total non-current liabilities                                                                           932.8     867.8
                        Total liabilities                                                                                      1,735.3   1,630.3


                        NET ASSETS                                                                                             1,367.6   1,289.0


                        EQUITY
                        Contributed equity                                                                                19    740.7     740.7
                        Other equity                                                                                      19     (3.8)        -
                        Reserves                                                                                          20     17.4      24.1
                        Retained earnings                                                                                 20    613.3     524.2
                        TOTAL EQUITY                                                                                           1,367.6   1,289.0



                        The above consolidated balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                        95                                                                              SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23
                        95                                                                            SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23

                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                                                                                         Contributed       Other Equity           Reserves       Retained     Total
                                                                                              Equity                                             Earnings    Equity
                                                                             Notes                 $m                 $m                   $m         $m        $m

                        Balance at 26 June 2021                                                 740.7                   -              17.6         468.2   1,226.5


                        Profit for the period                                                         -                 -                    -      241.2    241.2
                        Other comprehensive gain for the period                                       -                 -                  4.1          -       4.1
                        Total comprehensive income for the period                                     -                 -                  4.1      241.2    245.3


                        Transactions with owners in
                        their capacity as owners
                        Dividends paid                                         23                     -                 -                    -    (185.2)   (185.2)
                        Employee share schemes                                 20                     -                 -                  2.4          -       2.4




For personal use only
                                                                                                      -                 -                  2.4    (185.2)   (182.8)
                        Balance at 2 July 2022                                                  740.7                   -              24.1         524.2   1,289.0


                        Profit for the period                                                         -                 -                  -        263.0    263.0
                        Other comprehensive loss for the period                                       -                 -              (5.5)            -     (5.5)
                        Total comprehensive income for the period                                     -                 -              (5.5)        263.0    257.5

                        Transactions with owners in
                        their capacity as owners
                        Dividends paid                                         23                     -                 -                  -      (173.9)   (173.9)
                        Acquisition of treasury shares                         19                     -             (3.8)                  -            -     (3.8)
                        Employee share schemes                                 20                     -                 -              (1.2)            -     (1.2)
                                                                                                      -             (3.8)              (1.2)      (173.9)   (178.9)
                        Balance at 1 July 2023                                                  740.7               (3.8)              17.4         613.3   1,367.6



                        The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                   96
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                   96

                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                                                                                                                                        2023       2022
                                                                                                                           Notes         $m          $m
                        Cash flows from operating activities
                        Receipts from customers (inclusive of goods and services tax)                                                4,222.4     3,914.5
                        Payments to suppliers and employees (inclusive of goods and services tax)                                   (3,397.8)   (3,372.3)
                        Rental payments                                                                                                (43.8)      (44.8)
                        Income taxes paid                                                                                              (64.4)    (157.0)
                        Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                            21        716.4       340.4


                        Cash flows from investing activities
                        Payments for property, plant and equipment and computer software                                             (109.6)     (125.0)
                        Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                                                              0.1         0.3
                        Payments for businesses acquired                                                                   25(c)        (0.8)           -
                        Proceeds from sale of investment in associate                                                      25(b)         1.8            -




For personal use only
                        Net cash (outflow) from investing activities                                                                 (108.5)     (124.7)


                        Cash flows from financing activities
                        Proceeds from borrowings                                                                           22(d)       122.0       483.0
                        Repayment of borrowings                                                                            22(d)     (122.0)     (483.0)
                        Lease principal payments                                                                                     (210.7)     (216.0)
                        Borrowing costs paid                                                                                            (2.2)           -
                        Interest paid                                                                                                  (45.9)      (43.6)
                        Interest received                                                                                                3.6            -
                        Dividends paid to Company’s shareholders                                                             23      (173.9)     (185.2)
                        Net cash (outflow) from financing activities                                                                 (429.1)     (444.8)


                        Net increase / (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                         178.8     (229.1)


                        Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period                                                        13.4       242.3
                        Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                                    0.1         0.2
                        Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period                                                        7        192.3        13.4



                        The above consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                        97                                                                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23
                        97                                                                       SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023


                        TABLE OF CONTENTS

                        Basis of Preparation
                        1.     Reporting entity                                                                                                98
                        2.     Summary of significant accounting policies                                                                      98
                        3.     Critical accounting estimates and judgements                                                                   101
                        Group Performance
                        4.     Segment information                                                                                            102
                        5.     Revenue and other income from continuing operations                                                            105
                        6.     Expenses from continuing operations                                                                            105
                        Assets and Liabilities
                        7.     Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                      107
                        8.     Trade and other receivables                                                                                    107
                        9.     Inventories                                                                                                    108
                        10.    Property, plant and equipment                                                                                  108




For personal use only
                        11.    Intangible assets                                                                                              110
                        12.    Leases                                                                                                         113
                        13.    Trade and other payables                                                                                       115
                        14.    Borrowings                                                                                                     115
                        15.    Income taxes                                                                                                   116
                        16.    Provisions                                                                                                     120
                        17.    Financial assets and financial liabilities                                                                     122
                        Capital Structure, Financing and Risk Management
                        18.    Earnings per share                                                                                             125
                        19.    Contributed equity                                                                                             126
                        20.    Reserves and retained earnings                                                                                 127
                        21.    Reconciliation of profit after income tax to net cash inflow from operating activities                         128
                        22.    Financial risk management                                                                                      129
                        23.    Capital management                                                                                             135
                        Group Structure
                        24.    Related party transactions                                                                                     137
                        25.    Business combinations                                                                                          137
                        26.    Deed of cross guarantee                                                                                        138
                        27.    Parent entity financial information                                                                            140
                        28.    Investments in controlled entities                                                                             141
                        Other
                        29.    Key management personnel disclosures                                                                           142
                        30.    Share-based payments                                                                                           142
                        31.    Remuneration of auditors                                                                                       144
                        32.    Contingencies                                                                                                  145
                        33.    Commitments                                                                                                    145
                        34.    Net tangible asset backing                                                                                     145
                        35.    Events occurring after balance date                                                                            145
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                                98
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                                98

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        1.        Reporting entity

                        Super Retail Group Limited (the Company or parent entity) is a for-profit company incorporated and domiciled in Australia. The address of
                        the Company’s registered office and principal place of business is 6 Coulthards Avenue, Strathpine, Queensland.

                        The consolidated annual financial report of the Company as at and for the period ended 1 July 2023 comprises the Company and its
                        subsidiaries (together referred to as the Group, and individually as Group entities).

                        The Group is primarily involved in the retail industry. Principal activities of the Group consist of:
                            retailing of auto parts and accessories, tools and equipment;
                            retailing of boating, camping, outdoor equipment, fishing equipment and apparel; and
                            retailing of sporting equipment and apparel.

                        2.        Summary of significant accounting policies

                        This section sets out the principal accounting policies upon which the Group’s consolidated financial statements are prepared as a whole.
                        Specific accounting policies are described in their respective Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. These policies have been




For personal use only
                        consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.

                        (a)       Basis of preparation

                        Statement of compliance
                        This general-purpose financial report has been prepared in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards, other authoritative
                        pronouncements of the Australian Accounting Standards Board, Urgent Issues Group Interpretations and the Corporations Act.

                        The consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes of Super Retail Group comply with International Financial Reporting Standards
                        (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.

                        Basis of measurement
                        These financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, unless otherwise stated.

                        (b)       Principles of consolidation

                        The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets and liabilities of all entities controlled by Super Retail Group Limited as at 1 July
                        2023 and the results of its controlled entities for the period then ended. The effects of all transactions between entities in the consolidated
                        Group are fully eliminated.

                        (i)       Transactions eliminated on consolidation
                        Intra-group balances and transactions, and any unrealised income and expenses arising from intra-group transactions, are eliminated in
                        preparing the consolidated financial statements. Unrealised losses are eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains, but only to the extent
                        that there is no evidence of impairment.

                        (ii)       Subsidiaries
                        Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The Group controls an entity when the Group is
                        exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power
                        to direct the activities of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group and these
                        are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.

                        Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between Group companies are eliminated. Unrealised losses are
                        also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the transferred asset. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have
                        been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

                        (iii)      Business combinations
                        The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for all business combinations (refer Note 25 - Business combinations), regardless of
                        whether equity instruments or other assets are acquired. The consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary comprises the fair
                        value of the assets transferred, the liabilities incurred and the equity interests issued by the Group. The consideration transferred also includes
                        the fair value of any contingent consideration arrangement and the fair value of any pre-existing equity interest in the subsidiary. Acquisition-
                        related costs are expensed as incurred. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination
                        are, with limited exceptions, measured initially at their fair values as at the acquisition date. On an acquisition-by-acquisition basis, the Group
                        recognises any non-controlling interest in the acquiree either at fair value or at the non-controlling interest’s proportionate share of the
                        acquiree’s net identifiable assets.

                        The excess of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree and the acquisition-date fair value of
                        any previous equity interest in the acquiree over the fair value of the Group’s share of the net identifiable assets acquired is recorded as
                        goodwill. If those amounts are less than the fair value of the net identifiable assets of the subsidiary acquired, the difference is recognised
                        directly in profit or loss as a bargain purchase.
                        99                                                                           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23
                        99                                                                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        2.        Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)

                        (b)       Principles of consolidation (continued)

                        (iii)     Business combinations (continued)
                        Where settlement of any part of cash consideration is deferred, the amounts payable in the future are discounted to their present value as
                        at the date of exchange. The discount rate used is the entity’s incremental borrowing rate, being the rate at which a similar borrowing could
                        be obtained from an independent financier under comparable terms and conditions.

                        Contingent consideration is classified either as equity or a financial liability. Amounts classified as a financial liability are subsequently
                        remeasured to fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.

                        (iv)       Investments in associates and joint ventures
                        Associates and joint ventures are entities over which the Group has significant influence or joint control but not control. They are accounted
                        for using the equity method (see (v) below), after initially being recognised at cost in the consolidated balance sheet.

                        (v)       Equity method




For personal use only
                        Under the equity method of accounting, the investments are initially recognised at cost and adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group’s
                        share of the post-acquisition profits or losses of the investee in profit or loss, and the Group’s share of movements in other comprehensive
                        income of the investee in other comprehensive income. Dividends received or receivable from associates and joint ventures are recognised
                        as a reduction in the carrying amount of the investment.

                        When the Group’s share of losses in an equity-accounted investment equals or exceeds its interest in the entity, including any other unsecured
                        long-term receivables, the Group does not recognise further losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the
                        other entity.

                        Unrealised gains on transactions between the Group and its associates and joint ventures are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interest
                        in these entities. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred.
                        Accounting policies of equity accounted investees have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by
                        the Group.

                        The carrying amount of equity-accounted investments are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
                        the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the
                        recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of the investments fair value less costs of disposal and value in use.

                        (vi)       Changes in ownership interests
                        The Group treats transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of control as transactions with equity owners of the
                        Group. A change in ownership interest results in an adjustment between the carrying amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests
                        to reflect their relative interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount of the adjustment to non-controlling interests and
                        any consideration paid or received is recognised in a separate reserve within equity attributable to the owners of Super Retail Group.

                        When the Group ceases to consolidate or equity account for an investment because of a loss of control, joint control or significant influence,
                        any retained interest in the entity is remeasured to its fair value with the change in carrying amount recognised in profit or loss. This fair value
                        becomes the initial carrying amount for the purposes of subsequently accounting for the retained interest as an associate, joint venture or
                        financial asset. In addition, any amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in respect of that entity are accounted for as
                        if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. This may mean that amounts previously recognised in other
                        comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss.

                        If the ownership interest in a joint venture or an associate is reduced but joint control or significant influence is retained, only a proportionate
                        share of the amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss where appropriate.

                        (vii)    Comparatives
                        Where applicable, various comparative balances have been reclassified to align with current period presentation. These amendments have
                        no material impact on the consolidated financial statements.

                        (c)       Foreign currency translation

                        (i)       Functional and presentation currency
                        Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency of the primary economic
                        environment in which the entity operates (‘the functional currency’). The consolidated financial statements are presented in Australian
                        dollars, which is Super Retail Group’s functional and presentation currency.

                        (ii)      Transactions and balances
                        Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions.
                        Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at year-end exchange rates of
                        monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in profit or loss, except when deferred in equity as qualifying
                        cash flow hedges and qualifying net investment hedges.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                                100
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                                100

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        2.          Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)

                        (c)         Foreign currency translation (continued)

                        (ii)       Transactions and balances (continued)
                        Translation differences on non-monetary items such as equities held at fair value through profit or loss, are reported as part of the fair value
                        gain or loss. Translation differences on non-monetary items, such as equities classified as fair value through other comprehensive income,
                        are included in the fair value reserve in other comprehensive income.

                        (iii)     Group companies
                        The results and financial position of all the Group entities (none of which has the currency of a hyperinflationary economy) that have a
                        functional currency different from the presentation currency are translated into the presentation currency as follows:

                             assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position presented are translated at the closing rate at the date of that statement of
                              financial position;
                             income and expenses for each income statement are translated at average exchange rates (unless this is not a reasonable approximation
                              of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at the dates




For personal use only
                              of the transactions); and
                             all resulting exchange differences are recognised as a separate component in other comprehensive income.

                        (d)         Goods and Services Tax

                        Revenues, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of goods and services tax, except where the amount of goods and services
                        tax incurred is not recoverable. In these circumstances the goods and services tax is recognised as part of the cost of acquisition of the asset
                        or as part of the item of expense. Receivables and payables in the consolidated statement of financial position are shown inclusive of goods
                        and services tax.

                        Cash flows are presented on a gross basis. The GST components of cash flows arising from investing or financing activities which are
                        recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority, are presented as operating cash flow.

                        (e)         Rounding of amounts

                        The economic entity is of a kind referred to in ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors’ Reports) Instrument 2016/191, issued by
                        the Australian Securities and Investments Commission, relating to the ‘rounding off’ of amounts in the financial report. Amounts in the
                        financial report have been rounded off in accordance with that instrument to the nearest hundred thousand dollars.

                        (f)         Financial year

                        As allowed under Section 323D(2) of the Corporations Act, the Directors have determined the financial year to be a fixed period of 52 calendar
                        or 53 calendar weeks. For the period to 1 July 2023, the Group is reporting on the 52 week period that began 3 July 2022 and ended 1 July
                        2023. For the period to 2 July 2022, the Group is reporting on the 53 week period that began 27 June 2021 and ended 2 July 2022.

                        (g)         New and amended standards adopted by the Group

                        The following new accounting standards and amendments to accounting standards became applicable in the current reporting period:

                        AASB 2020-3 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Annual Improvements 2018–2020 and Other Amendments [AASB 1, AASB 3,
                        AASB 9, AASB 116, AASB 137 & AASB 141].

                        The amendments listed above did not have any impact on the amounts recognised in prior periods and are not expected to significantly affect
                        the current or future periods.

                        (h)         Impact of standards issued but not yet applied by the Group

                        Certain new accounting standards and interpretations have been published that are not mandatory for the 1 July 2023 reporting period and
                        have not been early adopted by the Group. These standards are not expected to have a material impact on the Group in the current or future
                        reporting periods or on foreseeable future transactions.
                        101                                                                       SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23
                        101                                                                    SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        3.        Critical accounting estimates and judgements

                        Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future
                        events that may have a financial impact on the Group and that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.

                        (a)       Critical accounting estimates and assumptions

                        The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition, seldom equal the
                        related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts
                        of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are included in the following Notes to the consolidated financial statements:
                             Note 8 – Trade and other receivables;
                             Note 9 – Inventories;
                             Note 10 – Property, plant and equipment;
                             Note 11 – Intangible assets;
                             Note 12 – Leases;
                             Note 13 – Trade and other payables;




For personal use only
                             Note 16 – Provisions;
                             Note 25 – Business combinations;
                             Note 30 – Share-based payments.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                                   102
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                                   102

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        4.        Segment information

                        (a)       Description of segments

                        Management have determined the operating segments based on the reports reviewed by the Group Managing Director and Chief Executive
                        Officer (Group MD and CEO) that are used to make strategic decisions. No operating segments have been aggregated to form reportable
                        operating segments. This results in the following business segments:

                             Supercheap Auto (SCA): retailing of auto parts and accessories, tools and equipment;
                             rebel: retailing of sporting equipment and apparel;
                             BCF: retailing of boating, camping, outdoor equipment, fishing equipment and apparel; and
                             Macpac: retailing of apparel, camping and outdoor equipment.

                        (b)       Segment information provided to the Group MD and CEO

                        Detailed below is the information provided to the Group MD and CEO for reportable segments. Items not included in Normalised Net Profit
                        After Tax (Normalised NPAT), and excluded from the calculation of Segment EBITDA and Segment EBIT, are one-off charges relating to




For personal use only
                        business restructuring, non-continuing operations, other items not in the ordinary course of business, and items that are unusual due to their
                        size and nature. These are determined by management.


                                                                                                                                        Total   Inter-segment
                                                                                                                                   continuing    eliminations/
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023                          SCA         rebel          BCF         Macpac    operations      unallocated    Consolidated
                                                                                   $m           $m           $m             $m            $m               $m              $m
                        Segment Revenue and Other Income
                        External segment revenue                              1,447.9      1,309.1         839.9          205.7       3,802.6                -          3,802.6
                        Inter-segment sales                                         -            -             -           10.7          10.7           (10.7)                -
                        Other income                                              0.3          0.2             -            0.2           0.7              3.7              4.4
                        Total segment revenue and other income                1,448.2      1,309.3         839.9          216.6       3,814.0            (7.0)          3,807.0
                        Segment EBITDA(1)                                       334.3        282.8         128.5           50.7         796.3           (28.7)            767.6
                        Segment depreciation and amortisation            (114.9)            (121.0)        (67.5)         (20.3)      (323.7)            (5.9)          (329.6)
                        Segment EBIT result                                219.4              161.8          61.0           30.4        472.6           (34.6)            438.0
                        Net finance costs*                                (15.4)             (15.8)        (10.0)          (1.7)       (42.9)            (4.5)           (47.4)
                        Total segment PBT                                  204.0              146.0          51.0           28.7        429.7           (39.1)            390.6
                        Segment income tax expense(2)                                                                                                                   (117.1)
                        Normalised NPAT                                                                                                                                   273.5
                        Other items not included in the total segment NPAT(3)                                                                                            (10.5)
                        Profit for the period                                                                                                                            263.0
                        Segment Net Inventory
                        Inventory                                               285.3        225.2         219.0           61.1         790.6            (2.0)            788.6
                        Trade payables                                        (160.4)        (69.5)        (42.2)          (7.6)      (279.7)           (77.5)          (357.2)
                        Net inventory                                           124.9        155.7         176.8           53.5         510.9           (79.5)            431.4
                        * Net finance costs for the business segments represents interest component of lease payments.



                                                                                                                                                 (3) Other items not
                                                                                            (1) Segment EBITDA            (2) Segment income       included in total
                                                                                                   adjusted for             tax adjusted for         segment NPAT
                        Other items not included in total segment NPAT                                     $m                           $m                       $m
                        Execution costs for team member wage remediation                                     2.4                         0.7                      1.7
                        FWO proceedings                                                                      8.8                           -                      8.8
                                                                                                            11.2                         0.7                     10.5
                        103                                                                               SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23
                        103                                                                            SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        4.         Segment information (continued)

                        (b)        Segment information provided to the Group MD and CEO (continued)


                                                                                                                                        Total   Inter-segment
                                                                                                                                   continuing    eliminations/
                        For the period ended 2 July 2022                          SCA         rebel           BCF        Macpac    operations      unallocated     Consolidated
                                                                                   $m           $m            $m            $m            $m               $m               $m
                        Segment Revenue and Other Income
                        External segment revenue                              1,339.8       1,212.0         829.7         169.4       3,550.9                -           3,550.9
                        Inter-segment sales                                         -             -             -           7.4           7.4            (7.4)                 -
                        Other income                                                -           0.1             -             -           0.1                -               0.1
                        Total segment revenue and other income                1,339.8       1,212.1         829.7         176.8       3,558.4            (7.4)           3,551.0
                        Segment EBITDA(1)                                       301.5         264.6         133.4          40.5         740.0           (38.2)             701.8




For personal use only
                        Segment depreciation and amortisation            (110.9)            (109.0)        (64.5)         (20.5)      (304.9)            (0.3)           (305.2)
                        Segment EBIT result                                190.6              155.6          68.9           20.0        435.1           (38.5)             396.6
                        Net finance costs*                                (14.5)             (14.6)         (9.3)          (1.4)       (39.8)            (7.2)            (47.0)
                        Total segment PBT                                  176.1              141.0          59.6           18.6        395.3           (45.7)             349.6
                        Segment income tax expense(2)                                                                                                                    (105.5)
                        Normalised NPAT                                                                                                                                    244.1
                        Other items not included in the total segment NPAT(3)                                                                                               (2.9)
                        Profit for the period                                                                                                                             241.2
                        Segment Net Inventory
                        Inventory                                                300.0        214.1        230.6           56.1         800.8            (1.2)             799.6
                        Trade payables                                         (155.7)        (84.0)       (35.7)          (8.9)      (284.3)           (39.8)           (324.1)
                        Net inventory                                            144.3        130.1        194.9           47.2         516.5           (41.0)             475.5
                        * Net finance costs for the business segments represents interest component of lease payments.



                                                                                                                                                 (3) Other items not
                                                                                            (1) Segment EBITDA            (2) Segment income       included in total
                                                                                                    adjusted for            tax adjusted for         segment NPAT
                        Other items not included in total segment NPAT                                      $m                          $m                       $m
                        Execution costs for team member remediation                                           3.8                        1.1                      2.7
                        Equity accounted losses – Autoguru                                                    0.4                          -                       0.4
                        Provision reversals from previous years                                             (0.3)                      (0.1)                     (0.2)
                                                                                                              3.9                        1.0                      2.9

                        Unallocated costs are Group costs comprising $22.0 million of corporate costs (2022: $25.6 million) and $18.1 million of costs relating to
                        digital investment (2022: $7.2). The result also includes $3.7 million of interest revenue earned on cash at bank balances during the period
                        as well as a gain of $1.8 million related to the sale of all of the Group’s shares in Autoguru Australia Pty Ltd. The prior comparative period
                        includes a loss of $5.7 million related to the write down of the Group’s investment in Autoguru Australia Pty Ltd.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                          104
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                          104

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        4.          Segment information (continued)

                        (c)         Other information

                        Revenue is attributable to the country in which the sale of goods has transacted. The Group’s divisions are operated in two main geographical
                        areas with the following areas of operation:

                        Australia (the home country of the parent entity)
                             Supercheap Auto (SCA): retailing of auto parts and accessories, tools and equipment;
                             rebel: retailing of sporting equipment and apparel;
                             BCF: retailing of boating, camping, outdoor equipment, fishing equipment and apparel; and
                             Macpac: retailing of apparel, camping and outdoor equipment.

                        New Zealand
                            Supercheap Auto (SCA): retailing of auto parts and accessories, tools and equipment; and
                            Macpac: retailing of apparel, camping and outdoor equipment.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                          2023                 2022
                                                                                                                                           $m                   $m
                         (i)     Total revenue and other income from continuing operations
                         Australia                                                                                                     3,546.9               3,316.7
                         New Zealand                                                                                                     260.1                 234.3
                                                                                                                                       3,807.0               3,551.0

                         (ii)       Total non-current assets
                         Australia                                                                                                     1,862.5               1,841.0
                         New Zealand                                                                                                     198.7                 199.8
                                                                                                                                       2,061.2               2,040.8


                             Significant Accounting Policies
                             Segment reporting
                             Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the Group MD and CEO, who is
                             responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segments. Unallocated items comprise mainly corporate
                             assets (primarily the Support Office, Support Office expenses, and income tax assets and liabilities).
                        105                                                                            SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23
                        105                                                                         SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        5.           Revenue and other income from continuing operations
                                                                                                                                                2023                 2022
                                                                                                                                                 $m                    $m
                        Revenue from the sale of goods                                                                                       3,802.6               3,550.9

                        Other income
                           Interest earned on cash at bank                                                                                       4.2                      -
                              Sundry                                                                                                             0.2                    0.1
                        Total revenues and other income                                                                                      3,807.0               3,551.0


                             Significant Accounting Policies
                             Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised when a Group entity sells a product to the customer.

                             Sale of goods – retail




For personal use only
                             Revenue associated with the sale of goods is recognised when the performance obligation of the sale has been fulfilled and control of the
                             goods has transferred to the customer, which occurs at the point of sale when the goods are collected or delivered.

                             Gift cards are considered a prepayment for goods and services to be delivered in the future. The Group has an obligation to transfer the
                             goods or services in the future, creating a performance obligation. The Group recognises deferred revenue for the amount of the
                             prepayment and recognises revenue when the customer redeems the gift card and the Group fulfils the performance obligation related
                             to the transaction or likelihood of the gift card being redeemed by the customer is deemed remote.

                             It is the Group’s policy to sell its products to the end customer with a right of return. Therefore, a refund liability (included in trade and
                             other payables) and a right to the returned goods (included in other current assets) are recognised for the products expected to be
                             returned. Accumulated experience is used to estimate such returns at the time of sale at a portfolio level (expected value method). As the
                             number of products returned has been steady for years, it is highly un-probable that a significant reversal in the cumulative revenue
                             recognised will occur. The validity of this assumption and the estimated amount of returns are reassessed at each reporting date.

                             The Group’s obligation to repair or replace faulty products under standard warranty terms is recognised as a provision.


                        6.           Expenses from continuing operations
                                                                                                                                               2023                   2022
                                                                                                                                                $m                     $m
                        Profit before income tax includes the following specific gains and expenses:
                        Expenses/(gains)
                           Net (gain) on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                              (0.5)                 (0.3)
                           Share of net loss from associates and joint ventures                                                                     -                   0.4
                              (Gain) / loss on write down of investment in associate                                                            (1.8)                   5.7


                        Depreciation
                           Right-of-use assets                                                                                                 214.6                 207.5
                           Plant and equipment                                                                                                  52.0                  48.7
                              Computer equipment                                                                                                22.4                  17.0
                              Total depreciation                                                                                               289.0                 273.2

                        Amortisation and impairment
                           Computer software amortisation                                                                                       40.4                  32.0
                              Right-of-use asset impairment                                                                                      0.2                    2.0
                              Total amortisation and impairment                                                                                 40.6                  34.0

                        Net finance costs
                            Interest and finance charges on bank facilities                                                                      4.2                   6.9
                            Interest on lease liabilities and make-good provisions                                                              43.2                  40.1
                              Net finance costs                                                                                                 47.4                  47.0
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                              106
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                              106

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        6.           Expenses from continuing operations (continued)
                                                                                                                                                         2023     2022
                                                                                                                                                          $m       $m
                        Profit before income tax includes the following specific gains and expenses:
                        Employee benefits expense
                           Superannuation                                                                                                                56.6      50.3
                           Salaries and wages(1)                                                                                                        690.0     656.3
                              Total employee benefits expense                                                                                           746.6     706.6
                        (1) Excludes impact of government grant received disclosed below.




                        Government grant received
                           New Zealand wage subsidy for Super Cheap Auto (New Zealand) Pty Limited and Macpac New
                           Zealand Limited                                                                                                                    -     1.2
                              Total government grant revenue     (2)                                                                                          -     1.2




For personal use only
                        (2) Government grant revenue is offset against expenses where applicable.




                        Rental expense relating to leases
                              Lease expenses                                                                                                              38.4     39.3
                              Equipment hire                                                                                                               4.3      3.7
                              Total rental expense relating to leases(3)                                                                                  42.7     43.0
                        (3) The impact of applying AASB 16 Leases was a decrease of $250.9 million in rental expense to 1 July 2023 (2022: $237.4 million).




                        Foreign exchange gains and losses
                              Net foreign exchange (gain) / loss                                                                                          (7.9)     3.4


                             Significant Accounting Policies
                             Depreciation, amortisation and impairment
                             Refer to Notes 10, 11 and 12 for details on depreciation, amortisation and impairment.

                             Finance costs
                             Finance costs are recognised in the period in which these are incurred and are expensed in the period to which the costs relate. Generally
                             costs such as discounts and premiums incurred in raising borrowings are amortised on an effective yield basis over the period of the
                             borrowing. Finance costs include:
                              interest on bank overdrafts and short-term and long-term borrowings;
                              amortisation of discounts or premiums relating to borrowings;
                              amortisation of ancillary costs incurred in connection with the arrangement of borrowings; and
                              finance lease charges.

                             Employee benefits
                             Refer to Note 16 for details on employee provisions and superannuation.

                             Leases
                             Refer to Note 12 for details on leases.

                             Foreign exchange gains and losses
                             Refer to Note 2 (c) for details on foreign exchange gains and losses.

                             Government grants
                             Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognised in profit or loss over the period necessary to match them with the costs
                             that they are intended to compensate.
                        107                                                                            SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23
                        107                                                                         SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        7.           Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                                                                                2023                   2022
                                                                                                                                                 $m                     $m
                        Cash at bank and on hand                                                                                                192.3                   32.7
                        Bank overdraft                                                                                                              -                 (19.3)
                        Total cash and cash equivalents                                                                                         192.3                  13.4


                             Significant Accounting Policies
                             Cash and cash equivalents
                             For the purposes of the cash flow statement, cash includes cash on hand, cash at bank and at call deposits with banks or financial institutions,
                             other short term, highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known amounts
                             of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and bank overdrafts.




For personal use only
                        8.           Trade and other receivables
                                                                                                                                                2032                   2022
                        Current                                                                                                                  $m                     $m
                        Trade receivables                                                                                                        19.0                  19.1
                        Loss allowance                                                                                                           (0.6)                 (1.0)
                        Net trade receivables                                                                                                    18.4                  18.1


                        Other receivables                                                                                                        16.7                  19.2
                        Prepayments                                                                                                              23.0                  16.3
                        Net current trade and other receivables                                                                                  58.1                  53.6

                        (a)          Impaired trade receivables

                        As at 1 July 2023 current trade receivables of the Group with a nominal value of $0.6 million (2022: $1.0 million) were impaired and provided
                        for. The individually impaired receivables mainly relate to wholesalers with whom the Group no longer trades.

                        (b)          Past due but not impaired

                        As at 1 July 2023, trade receivables of $11.9 million (2022: $10.7 million) were past their payment terms but not impaired. These relate to a
                        number of independent customers for whom there is no recent history of default. The ageing analysis of these trade receivables is as follows:

                                                                                                                                                2023                  2022
                                                                                                                                                 $m                    $m
                        30 to 60 days                                                                                                            9.3                   6.4
                        60 to 90 days                                                                                                             1.2                   2.2
                        90 days and over                                                                                                          1.4                   2.1
                                                                                                                                                11.9                   10.7


                             Significant Accounting Policies
                             Trade receivables
                             Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for goods sold or services performed in the ordinary course of business. This is a minor
                             portion of the Group’s revenue. They are generally due for settlement within 30 days and therefore are all classified as current. Trade
                             receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional unless they contain significant financing
                             components, when they are recognised at fair value. The Group holds the trade receivables with the objective to collect the contractual
                             cash flows and therefore measures them subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Details about the Group’s
                             impairment policies and the calculation of the loss allowance are provided in Note 17.

                             The Group applies the AASB 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance for
                             all trade receivables and contract assets.

                             To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables and contract assets have been grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics
                             and the days past due. The contract assets relate to unbilled work in progress and have substantially the same risk characteristics as the
                             trade receivables for the same types of contracts. The Group has therefore concluded that the expected loss rates for trade receivables
                             are a reasonable approximation of the loss rates for the contract assets.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                                108
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                                108

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        8.           Trade and other receivables (continued)

                             Significant Accounting Policies
                             Trade receivables (continued)
                             The expected loss rates are based on the payment profiles of sales over a period of 24 months and the corresponding historical credit losses
                             experienced within this period. The historical loss rates are adjusted to reflect current and forward-looking information on macroeconomic
                             factors affecting the ability of the customers to settle the receivables. The Group has identified the GDP and the unemployment rate of the
                             countries in which it sells its goods and services to be the most relevant factors, and accordingly adjusts the historical loss rates based on
                             expected changes in these factors.

                             On that basis, the loss allowance as at period end was determined for trade receivables to be minor.

                             Prepayments
                             Costs paid to suppliers of SaaS arrangements to significantly customise cloud-based software are recorded as a prepayment for services
                             and are amortised over the expected renewable term of the arrangement.




For personal use only
                             The Group uses judgement to determine whether costs paid to suppliers of SaaS arrangements relate to significant customisation of the
                             cloud-based software.


                        9.           Inventories
                                                                                                                                               2023                  2022
                                                                                                                                                $m                    $m
                        Finished goods, at lower of cost or net realisable value                                                              788.6                 799.6

                        (a)          Inventory expense

                        Inventories recognised as expense during the period ended 1 July 2023 amounted to $1,945.8 million (2022: $1,797.5 million).

                        Write-downs of inventories to net realisable value recognised as an expense during the period ended 1 July 2023 amounted to $0.6 million
                        (2022: $4.4 million).


                          Significant Accounting Policies
                          Inventories
                          Inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs comprise direct purchase costs and an appropriate proportion
                          of supply chain variable and fixed overhead expenditure in bringing them to their existing location and condition. Costs are assigned to
                          individual items of stock on the basis of weighted average costs.

                          Critical accounting estimates and assumptions
                          Net realisable value
                          Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated cost of completion and the estimated
                          costs necessary to make the sale.


                        10.          Property, plant and equipment
                                                                                                                                               2023                  2022
                                                                                                                                                $m                    $m

                        Plant and equipment, at cost                                                                                          546.0                 482.3
                        Less accumulated depreciation                                                                                       (318.6)                (284.1)
                        Net plant and equipment                                                                                               227.4                 198.2


                        Computer equipment, at cost                                                                                           113.8                   98.4
                        Less accumulated depreciation                                                                                         (70.8)                (60.9)
                        Net computer equipment                                                                                                 43.0                  37.5


                        Total net property, plant and equipment                                                                               270.4                 235.7
                        109                                                                         SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23
                        109                                                                      SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        10.       Property, plant and equipment (continued)

                        (a)       Reconciliations

                        Reconciliations of the carrying amounts for each class of property, plant and equipment are set out below:

                                                                                                           Plant and                Computer                       Total
                                                                                                          equipment                equipment
                         2023                                                                                    $m                      $m                          $m
                         Carrying amounts at 2 July 2022                                                       198.2                      37.5                    235.7
                         Additions                                                                               81.0                     28.0                    109.0
                         Depreciation                                                                          (52.0)                   (22.4)                    (74.4)
                         Disposals                                                                                  -                     (0.1)                    (0.1)
                         Foreign currency exchange differences                                                    0.2                         -                      0.2
                         Carrying amounts at 1 July 2023                                                       227.4                      43.0                    270.4




For personal use only
                         2022
                         Carrying amounts at 26 June 2021                                                      187.4                      32.5                    219.9
                         Additions                                                                               59.8                     22.2                      82.0
                         Depreciation                                                                          (48.7)                    (17.0)                   (65.7)
                         Disposals                                                                                  -                     (0.2)                    (0.2)
                         Foreign currency exchange differences                                                  (0.3)                         -                    (0.3)
                         Carrying amounts at 2 July 2022                                                       198.2                      37.5                    235.7


                          Significant Accounting Policies
                          Carrying value
                          Property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost, less any accumulated depreciation or amortisation. Historical costs include
                          expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.

                          Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable that
                          future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. All repairs and
                          maintenance are charged to profit or loss during the financial year in which they are incurred.

                          Depreciation and amortisation of property, plant and equipment
                          Depreciation and amortisation are calculated on a straight-line basis for accounting and on a diminishing value basis for tax where applicable.
                          Depreciation and amortisation allocates the cost of an item of property, plant and equipment net of residual values over the expected useful
                          life of each asset to the Group. Estimates of remaining useful lives and residual values are reviewed and adjusted, if appropriate, at each
                          statement of financial position date.

                          The depreciation rates used for each class of assets are:

                              Plant and equipment                                           6.7% – 25%
                              Computer equipment                                            20% – 33.3%

                          An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying amount is greater than its estimated
                          recoverable amount.

                          Gains and losses
                          Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing proceeds with carrying amount. These are included in profit or loss. When
                          revalued assets are sold, it is Group policy to transfer the amounts included in other reserves in respect of those assets to retained earnings.

                          Critical accounting estimates and assumptions
                          Impairment
                          Assets that are subject to depreciation are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
                          amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its
                          recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs to sell and value-in-use. For the purposes of
                          assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash flows (cash-generating units).
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                           110
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                           110

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        11.         Intangible assets
                                                                                                                                        2023                    2022
                                                                                                                                          $m                      $m

                        Goodwill, at cost                                                                                               529.5                   528.7
                        Less accumulated impairment charge                                                                               (2.1)                   (2.1)
                        Net goodwill                                                                                                    527.4                   526.6


                        Computer software, at cost                                                                                      253.3                   240.6
                        Less accumulated amortisation                                                                                 (187.6)                 (154.5)
                        Net computer software                                                                                            65.7                    86.1


                        Brand names, at cost                                                                                            311.8                   311.8
                        Less accumulated amortisation and impairment charge                                                             (58.5)                  (58.5)




For personal use only
                        Net brand names                                                                                                 253.3                   253.3


                        Total net intangible assets                                                                                     846.4                   866.0

                        (a)         Reconciliations

                        Reconciliations of the carrying amounts for each class of intangible asset are set out below:
                                                                                                                   Computer               Brand
                                                                                               Goodwill             Software              Name                  Total
                                                                                                     $m                   $m                $m                    $m
                        2023
                        Carrying amounts at 2 July 2022                                            526.6                 86.1              253.3               866.0
                        Additions                                                                    0.8                 20.0                  -                 20.8
                        Amortisation charge                                                             -              (40.4)                  -               (40.4)
                        Carrying amounts at 1 July 2023                                           527.4                 65.7               253.3                846.4


                        2022
                        Carrying amounts at 26 June 2021                                          526.6                 87.0               253.3                866.9
                        Additions                                                                      -                31.3                     -               31.3
                        Disposals                                                                      -                (0.2)                    -               (0.2)
                        Amortisation charge                                                            -              (32.0)                     -              (32.0)
                        Carrying amounts at 2 July 2022                                           526.6                 86.1               253.3                866.0

                        (b)         Impairment tests for goodwill

                        Goodwill is allocated to the Group’s cash-generating units (CGUs) identified according to the group of assets at the time of acquisition. A
                        CGU level summary of the goodwill allocation is presented below:
                                                                                                                                         2023                     2022
                         CGU                                                                                                               $m                       $m
                         Supercheap Auto                                                                                                  45.3                    45.3
                         rebel                                                                                                          376.6                    376.6
                         BCF                                                                                                              25.9                    25.1
                         Macpac                                                                                                           79.6                    79.6
                         Total                                                                                                          527.4                   526.6
                        111                                                                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23
                        111                                                                     SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        11.       Intangible assets (continued)

                        (b)       Impairment tests for goodwill (continued)

                        The Group tests for goodwill impairment on an annual basis. The recoverable amount of a CGU is determined based on value-in-use (VIU)
                        calculations which require the use of assumptions. These calculations use cash flow projections based on business plans covering a five-year
                        period. Cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using the estimated growth rates stated below. The terminal growth rate
                        does not exceed the historical long-term average growth rate for the industry in which the CGU operates.

                        Key assumptions used for value-in-use calculations
                        The key assumptions used in the VIU calculations across each business segment CGU include sales growth, EBITDA margin, long-term growth
                        rate and the discount rate. A pre-tax discount rate of 13.4 per cent (2022: 11.7 per cent) and terminal growth rate of 2.5 per cent (2022: 2.5
                        per cent) have been assumed. Projected sales are based on the business plans described above. Budgeted EBITDA margin is determined
                        based on past performance and expectations for the future.

                        The recoverable amounts of each CGU are estimated to exceed their carrying amounts as at 1 July 2023. Management do not consider that
                        a reasonably possible change in any of the key assumptions for any of the CGUs would cause their carrying amounts to exceed their




For personal use only
                        recoverable amounts.

                        (c)       Impairment tests for the useful life for brands

                        No amortisation is provided against the carrying value of purchased brand names on the basis that they are considered to have indefinite
                        useful lives.

                        Key factors taken into account in assessing the useful life of brands were:
                              the strong recognition of brands; and
                              the absence of legal, technical or commercial factors indicating that the life should be considered limited.

                        The carrying values of the purchased brand names are:
                                                                                                                                         2023                   2022
                         Brand                                                                                                            $m                      $m
                         rebel                                                                                                          209.0                   209.0
                         Macpac                                                                                                          44.3                    44.3
                         Total                                                                                                          253.3                   253.3

                        Key assumptions used for value-in-use calculations
                        The key assumptions used in the VIU calculations across each business segment CGU include sales growth, EBITDA margin, long-term growth
                        rate and the discount rate. A pre-tax discount rate of 13.4 per cent (2022: 11.7 per cent) and terminal growth rate of 2.5 per cent (2022: 2.5
                        per cent) have been assumed. Projected sales are based on the business plans described above. Budgeted EBITDA margin is determined
                        based on past performance and expectations for the future.

                        The recoverable amount of the brand names currently exceed their carrying values. Management do not consider that a reasonably possible
                        change in any of the key assumptions would cause the carrying value of any of the brand names to exceed their recoverable amounts.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                               112
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                               112

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        11.       Intangible assets (continued)
                         Significant Accounting Policies
                         Goodwill
                         Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition over the fair value of the Group’s share of the net identifiable assets of the
                         acquired subsidiary or business at the date of the acquisition. Goodwill on acquisitions of subsidiaries is included in intangible assets.
                         Goodwill is not amortised. Instead, it is tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate
                         that it might be impaired, and is carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Any impairment is recognised as an expense and is
                         not subsequently reversed.

                         Gains and losses on the disposal of an entity include the carrying amount of goodwill relating to the entity sold.

                         Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units for the purpose of impairment testing. The allocation is made to those cash-generating units
                         or groups of cash-generating units that are expected to benefit from the business combination in which the goodwill arose, identified
                         according to operating segments.

                         Other intangible assets




For personal use only
                         Amortisation is calculated on a straight-line basis. Estimates of remaining useful lives and residual values are reviewed and adjusted, if
                         appropriate, at each statement of financial position date. The amortisation rates used for each class of intangible assets are as follows:

                              Computer software                                     10% – 33.3%
                              Brand names                                           Nil

                         Computer software
                         Costs incurred in developing products or systems and costs incurred in acquiring software and licences that will contribute to future period
                         financial benefits through revenue generation and/or cost reduction are capitalised to software and systems. Costs capitalised include
                         external direct costs of materials and service, direct employee costs and an appropriate portion of relevant overheads. IT development
                         costs include only those costs directly attributable to the development phase and are recognised only following completion of technical
                         feasibility and where the Group has an intention and ability to use the asset.

                         Costs incurred in configuring or customising Software as a Service (SaaS) arrangements can be recognised as intangible assets only if the
                         implementation activities create an intangible asset that the Group controls and the intangible asset meets the recognition criteria. Those
                         costs that do not result in intangible assets are expensed as incurred, unless they are paid to the suppliers of the SaaS arrangements to
                         significantly customise the cloud-based software for the Group, in which case the costs are recorded as a prepayment for services and
                         amortised over the expected renewable term of the arrangement.

                         Brand names
                         Brand names that are acquired as part of a business combination are recognised separately from goodwill. These assets are carried at
                         their fair value at the date of acquisition less impairment losses. Brand names are valued using the relief from royalty method. Brand
                         names are determined to have indefinite useful lives and therefore do not attract amortisation.

                         Research and development
                         Research expenditure is recognised as an expense as incurred. Costs incurred on development projects (relating to the design and testing
                         of new or improved products) are recognised as intangible assets when it is probable that the project will, after considering its commercial
                         and technical feasibility, be completed and generate future economic benefits and its costs can be measured reliably. The expenditure
                         capitalised comprises all directly attributable costs, including costs of materials, services, direct labour and an appropriate proportion of
                         overheads. Other development expenditures that do not meet these criteria are recognised as an expense as incurred. Development
                         costs previously recognised as an expense are not recognised as an asset in a subsequent period. Capitalised development costs are
                         recorded as intangible assets and amortised from the point at which the asset is ready for use.

                         Other items of expenditure
                         Significant items of expenditure, such as costs incurred in store set-ups, are expensed in the financial year in which these costs are incurred.

                         Critical accounting estimates and assumptions
                         Capitalised software costs and useful lives
                         The Group has undertaken significant development of software in relation to the multi-channel customer program and mutli-channel
                         supply chain and inventory program. The useful lives have been determined based on the intended period of use of this software.

                         Capitalised software and SaaS arrangements
                         The Group uses judgement to determine whether implementation activities of SaaS arrangements create an intangible asset that the
                         Group controls.

                         Estimated impairment of indefinite useful life non-financial assets
                         The Group tests annually whether indefinite useful life non-financial assets have suffered any impairment, in accordance with the
                         accounting policy stated above. The recoverable amounts of cash-generating units have been determined based on value-in-use
                         calculations. These calculations require the use of assumptions. Refer above for details of these assumptions.
                        113                                                                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23
                        113                                                                     SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        12.         Leases

                        (a)         Right-of-use assets                                                                            2023              2022
                                                                                                                                     $m                $m
                        Properties                                                                                                 944.4             923.4
                        Computer equipment                                                                                             -               0.3
                        Total right-of-use assets                                                                                  944.4             923.7

                        Reconciliations of the carrying amounts for each class of right-of-use assets are set out below:
                                                                                                                                Computer
                                                                                                                Properties     equipment              Total
                                                                                                                      $m             $m                 $m
                        2023
                        Carrying amounts at 2 July 2022                                                              923.4            0.3             923.7




For personal use only
                        Additions                                                                                    287.9              -             287.4
                        Disposals                                                                                   (51.8)              -            (51.9)
                        Depreciation                                                                               (214.3)          (0.3)           (214.6)
                        Impairment                                                                                    (0.2)             -              (0.2)
                        Foreign currency exchange differences                                                         (0.6)             -              (0.6)
                        Carrying amounts at 1 July 2023                                                              944.4              -            944.4


                        2022
                        Carrying amounts at 26 June 2021                                                             893.8           0.5             894.3
                        Additions                                                                                    257.3              -            257.3
                        Disposals                                                                                    (17.4)             -            (17.4)
                        Depreciation                                                                               (207.3)          (0.2)           (207.5)
                        Impairment                                                                                    (2.0)             -             (2.0)
                        Foreign currency exchange differences                                                         (1.0)             -             (1.0)
                        Carrying amounts at 2 July 2022                                                              923.4           0.3             923.7

                        (b)         Lease liabilities                                                                               2023             2022
                                                                                                                                     $m                $m
                        Current                                                                                                    175.8             193.4
                        Non-current                                                                                                859.2             817.3
                        Total lease liabilities                                                                                  1,035.0           1,010.7

                        Movements in lease liabilities during the period are set out below:
                        Balance at the beginning of the reporting period                                                          1,010.7             989.6
                        Additions                                                                                                   286.6             255.9
                        Terminations                                                                                               (52.2)            (17.5)
                        Rental payments                                                                                           (252.5)           (254.9)
                        Interest on lease liabilities                                                                                42.0              38.9
                        Foreign currency exchange differences                                                                         0.4              (1.3)
                        Balance at the end of the reporting period                                                                1,035.0           1,010.7

                        At 1 July 2023, the Group had committed to leases that had not yet commenced and estimates that the potential future lease payments
                        would result in an increase in undiscounted lease liabilities of $238.5 million (2022: $150.7 million).

                        (c)         Other                                                                                          2023              2022
                                                                                                                                    $m                $m

                        Expense relating to short-term leases (included in Occupancy expenses)                                       4.2                8.7
                        Expense relating to leases of low-value assets (included in Cost of sales of goods and
                        Administrative expenses)                                                                                     4.3                3.7
                        Expense relating to variable lease payments not included in lease liabilities (included in Occupancy
                        expenses)                                                                                                   34.8              31.4
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                               114
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                               114

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        12.       Leases (continued)

                        Significant Accounting Policies
                        Leases
                        The Group leases various offices, warehouses, retail stores, equipment and cars. Rental contracts are typically made for fixed periods of
                        one to 20 years but may have extension options as described below. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide
                        range of different terms and conditions. The lease agreements do not impose any covenants, but leased assets may not be used as security
                        for borrowing purposes.

                        Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which the leased asset is available for use by the
                        Group. Each lease payment is allocated between the liability and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or loss over the lease
                        period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period. The right-of-use asset
                        is depreciated over the shorter of the asset's useful life and the lease term on a straight-line basis.

                        Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities include the net present value of
                        the following lease payments:




For personal use only
                            fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable
                            variable lease payments that are based on an index or a rate
                            amounts expected to be payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees
                            the exercise price of a purchase option if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option, and
                            payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the lessee exercising that option.

                        The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be determined, the lessee’s incremental
                        borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value
                        in a similar economic environment with similar terms and conditions.

                        Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:
                            the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability
                            any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received
                            any initial direct costs, and
                            restoration/make-good costs.

                        Payments associated with short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised on a straight-line basis as an expense in profit
                        or loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less. Low-value assets comprise small items of office equipment
                        and furniture, and other immaterial assets.

                        Extension and termination options are included in a number of property leases across the Group. These terms are used to maximise
                        operational flexibility in terms of managing contracts. The majority of extension and termination options held are exercisable only by the
                        Group and not by the respective lessor.

                        Make-good requirements in relation to leased premises
                        Make-good costs arising from contractual obligations in lease agreements are recognised as provisions at the inception of the agreement.
                        A corresponding asset is taken up as part of the right-of-use asset at that time. Expected future payments are discounted on the same
                        basis as the associated lease liability.

                        Critical accounting estimates and assumptions
                        Variable lease payments
                        Some property leases contain variable payment terms that are linked to sales generated from a store. For individual stores, up to 100% of
                        lease payments are on the basis of variable payment terms and there is a wide range of sales percentages applied. Variable payment terms
                        are used for a variety of reasons, including minimising the fixed costs base for newly established stores. Variable lease payments that
                        depend on sales are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which the condition that triggers those payments occurs.

                        Extension and termination options
                        In determining the lease term, management considers all facts and circumstances that create an economic incentive to exercise an
                        extension option, or not exercise a termination option. Extension options (or periods after termination options) are included in the lease
                        term only if the lease is reasonably certain to be extended (or not terminated).

                        Given the uncertainties that exist within the retail market, management currently consider leases with more than three years to expiry as
                        not reasonably certain to be extended. An annual strategic store network review as approved by the Board delivers confidence over
                        network plans covering the next three years. This has resulted in option assumptions being revised for 80 (2022: 78) leases during the
                        period. This had the impact of increasing lease liabilities and the corresponding right-of-use assets by $52.3 million (2022: $52.9 million).
                        Of the Group’s lease portfolio 55% (2022: 63%) of leases contain option renewals. The lease liability currently includes extension options
                        in the calculation of lease term for 26% (2022: 23%) of leases with those options.

                        The assessment is reviewed if a significant event or a significant change in circumstances occurs which affects this assessment and that is
                        within control of the lessee.
                        115                                                                                 SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23
                        115                                                                              SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        13.        Trade and other payables
                                                                                                                                                         2023                     2022
                        Current                                                                                                                           $m                       $m
                        Trade payables                                                                                                                  357.2                    324.1
                        Gift card deferred revenue                                                                                                       60.8                     53.7
                        Other payables                                                                                                                   72.1                     73.6
                        Total current trade and other payables                                                                                          490.1                    451.4


                          Significant Accounting Policies
                          Trade and other payables
                          Trade and other payables are payables for goods and services provided to the Group prior to the end of the financial year and which are
                          unpaid at that date. The amounts are unsecured and are normally paid within 60 days of recognition. Trade and other payables are
                          presented as current liabilities unless payment is not due within 12 months from the reporting date. Refer Note 5 – Revenue and other
                          income from continuing operations for the Group’s policy on Gift Cards.




For personal use only
                          The Group participates in a supply chain finance program (SCF) under which its suppliers may elect to receive early payment of their invoice
                          from a bank by factoring their receivable from the Group. Under the arrangement, a bank agrees to pay amounts to a participating supplier
                          in respect of invoices owed by the Group and receives settlement from the Group at a later date. The supplier engages directly with the
                          bank. The principal purpose of this program is to facilitate efficient payment processing and enable the willing suppliers to sell their
                          receivables due from the Group to a bank before their due date. The Group does not control which suppliers elect to enter into the
                          arrangement, as this is at the sole discretion of the supplier.

                          The Group has not derecognised the original liabilities to which the arrangement applies because neither a legal release was obtained, nor
                          was the original liability substantially modified on entering into the arrangement. From the Group’s perspective, the arrangement does
                          not significantly extend payment terms beyond the normal terms agreed with other suppliers that are not participating. The Group does
                          not incur any additional interest towards the bank on the amounts due to the suppliers. The Group therefore discloses the amounts
                          factored by suppliers within trade payables because the nature and function of the financial liability remain the same as those of other
                          trade payables. The payments to the bank are included within operating cash flows.


                        14.        Borrowings
                                                                                                                                                         2023                  2022
                        Non-current                                                                                                                        $m                    $m
                        Bank debt funding facility - unsecured(1)                                                                                            -                     -
                        Total non-current borrowings                                                                                                         -                      -
                        (1) No drawn bank debt at period end. Refer to Note 22 - Financial risk management for details of financing arrangements.



                        (a)        Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
                                                                                                                                                  Reclassed to
                                                                                                                          Non-cash            Trade and Other
                                                                           2 July 2022            Cash flows            Amortisation               Receivables             1 July 2023
                                                                                   $m                     $m                     $m                        $m                      $m
                         Bank debt funding facility                                  -                      -                      -                         -                       -
                         Capitalised borrowing costs(2)                                -                 (2.2)                     0.4                       1.8                      -
                         Total                                                         -                 (2.2)                     0.4                       1.8                      -
                         (2) Net borrowing costs capitalised of $1.8 million at 1 July 2023 are presented in Trade and other receivables as a prepayment (refer note 8).

                                                                                                                                                  Reclassed to
                                                                                                                          Non-cash            Trade and Other
                                                                        26 June 2021              Cash flows            Amortisation               Receivables             2 July 2022
                                                                                 $m                       $m                     $m                        $m                      $m
                         Bank debt funding facility                                -                        -                      -                         -                       -
                         Capitalised borrowing costs                                   -                     -                        -                          -                    -
                         Total                                                         -                     -                        -                          -                    -



                         Significant Accounting Policies
                         Borrowings
                         Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently measured at amortised
                         cost. Any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption value is recognised in profit or loss over the
                         period of the borrowings using the effective interest method.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                    116
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                    116

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        15.        Income taxes
                                                                                                                                2023      2022
                                                                                                                                 $m        $m
                        (a)        Income tax expense
                        Current tax expense                                                                                     76.1    107.8
                        Deferred tax expense / (benefit)                                                                       41.0      (3.2)
                        Adjustments to tax expense of prior periods                                                            (0.7)     (0.1)
                                                                                                                              116.4     104.5
                        Deferred income tax expense / (revenue) included in income tax expense comprises:
                        (Increase) in deferred tax assets (Note 15(e))                                                        (26.4)    (13.0)
                        Increase in deferred tax liabilities (Note 15(e))                                                       67.4       9.8
                                                                                                                                41.0     (3.2)


                        (b)        Reconciliation between tax expense and pre-tax profit




For personal use only
                        Profit before income tax from continuing operations                                                    379.4     345.7

                        Tax at the Australian tax rate of 30% (2022: 30%)                                                      113.8     103.7
                        Tax effect of amounts not deductible / (taxable) in calculating taxable income:
                        Sundry items                                                                                             4.0       1.7
                                                                                                                               117.8     105.4
                        Difference in overseas tax rates                                                                        (0.6)     (0.4)
                        Previously unrecognised tax losses and deferred tax assets                                              (0.1)     (0.4)
                        Adjustments to tax expense of prior periods                                                             (0.7)     (0.1)
                        Income tax expense                                                                                     116.4     104.5


                        Effective tax rate:
                        Australia                                                                                             30.8%     30.6%
                        Consolidated group                                                                                    30.7%     30.2%

                        (c)      Reconciliation of income tax expense to income tax payable
                        Income tax (expense)                                                                                  (116.4)   (104.5)
                        Tax effect of timing differences:
                        Depreciation                                                                                            36.4      (2.0)
                        Provisions                                                                                              (0.9)     (4.8)
                        Accruals and prepayments                                                                                  3.6       0.6
                        Leased assets                                                                                             6.3       8.9
                        Lease liabilities                                                                                       (7.4)     (6.6)
                        Tax losses                                                                                              (0.4)       0.4
                        Sundry temporary differences                                                                              3.7       0.6
                        Current tax payable                                                                                    (75.1)   (107.4)
                        Income tax instalments paid during the year                                                              44.8      87.6
                        Income tax (payable)                                                                                   (30.3)    (19.8)


                        (d)         Amounts recognised directly in equity
                        Aggregate current and deferred tax arising in the reporting period and not recognised in net profit
                        or loss but directly debited or credited to equity:
                        Net deferred tax charged directly to equity (Note 15(e))                                                (2.8)      2.6
                                                                                                                                (2.8)      2.6
                        Tax expense relating to items of other comprehensive income
                        Cash flow hedges                                                                                        (2.8)      2.6
                                                                                                                                (2.8)      2.6
                        117                                                                     SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23
                        117                                                                  SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        15.        Income taxes (continued)
                                                                                                                                        2023                2022
                                                                                                                                         $m                  $m
                        (e)        Deferred tax assets and liabilities
                        Assets
                        Provisions                                                                                                      34.9                33.9
                        Accruals and prepayments                                                                                        10.0                13.5
                        Depreciation                                                                                                    37.5                16.8
                        Lease liabilities                                                                                              309.5               302.0
                        Tax losses                                                                                                       0.4                   -
                        Sundry temporary differences                                                                                     5.1                  4.8
                                                                                                                                       397.4                371.0
                        Set off with deferred tax liabilities                                                                        (397.4)              (355.6)
                        Net deferred tax assets                                                                                             -               15.4




For personal use only
                        Liabilities
                        Brand values                                                                                                    75.3                75.3
                        Depreciation                                                                                                    66.7                10.0
                        Right-of-use assets                                                                                            280.7               274.4
                        Sundry temporary differences                                                                                     6.8                 2.4
                                                                                                                                       429.5               362.1
                        Amounts recognised directly in equity
                        Cash flow hedges                                                                                                 0.8                 3.6
                                                                                                                                       430.3                365.7
                        Set-off of deferred tax assets                                                                               (397.4)              (355.6)
                        Net deferred tax liabilities                                                                                    32.9                10.1


                        Movements in deferred tax assets:
                        Opening balance                                                                                                371.0               358.0
                        Credited to the income statement                                                                                26.4                13.0
                        (Charged) / credited to equity                                                                                     -                   -
                        Closing balance                                                                                                397.4               371.0

                        Deferred tax assets to be recovered after more than 12 months                                                  309.2               278.2
                        Deferred tax assets to be recovered within 12 months                                                            88.2                92.8
                                                                                                                                       397.4               371.0
                        Movements in deferred tax liabilities:
                        Opening balance                                                                                                365.7               353.3
                        Charged / (credited) to the income statement                                                                    67.4                 9.8
                        Charged to equity                                                                                               (2.8)                2.6
                        Closing balance                                                                                                430.3               365.7

                        Deferred tax liabilities to be settled after more than 12 months                                               430.3               365.7
                        Deferred tax liabilities to be settled within 12 months                                                            -                   -
                                                                                                                                       430.3               365.7

                        (f)        Unrecognised deferred tax assets
                        Tax losses                                                                                                       7.3                 7.5

                        Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of the above tax losses because it is not considered probable that future taxable
                        profit will be available against which they can be realised.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                            118
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                            118

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        15.         Income taxes (continued)

                        (g)          Tax transparency report

                        In May 2016, the government announced the release of the Board of Taxation’s final report on the voluntary Tax Transparency Code (Code).
                        The Code is a set of principles and 'minimum standards' to guide the disclosure of tax information by businesses and to inform stakeholders
                        about their compliance with Australian taxation laws.

                        Currently the Code is voluntary. Super Retail Group supports the concept of voluntary tax transparency as an important measure for all large
                        companies to provide assurance to the Australian community that their tax obligations are being met. Super Retail Group’s success is
                        dependent on the wellbeing of the economies and communities where the businesses operate and our conservative approach to tax strategy
                        is one of the many ways the Group acts to ensure sustainability of our operations.

                        The requirements of the Code are broken into Part A which forms part of the tax note as referenced below and Part B as disclosed below.
                        The make-up of the respective parts is as follows:

                        (i)         Part A:




For personal use only
                              Effective company tax rates for our Australian and global operations (Note 15 (b))
                              A reconciliation of accounting profit to tax expense and to income tax payable (Note 15 (c))
                              Identification of material temporary (Note 15 (c)) and non-temporary differences (Note 15 (b))

                        (ii)        Part B:
                              Tax policy, tax strategy and governance
                              Information about international related party dealings
                              A tax contribution summary of income tax paid

                        Part B discloses the Australian income tax paid by the Group in the 2023 and 2022 financial years and provides qualitative information about
                        our approach to tax risk and international related party dealings.

                        Tax policy, tax strategy and governance
                        Super Retail Group is committed to full compliance with its statutory obligations and takes a conservative approach to tax risk. The Group’s
                        Tax Policy includes an internal escalation process for referring tax matters to the corporate Group Tax function. The CFO must report any
                        material tax issues to the Board. Tax strategy is implemented through Super Retail Group’s Tax Governance Policy. The Group’s approach to
                        tax planning is to operate and pay tax in accordance with the tax law in each relevant jurisdiction and the Group aims for certainty on all tax
                        positions it adopts. Where the tax law is unclear or subject to interpretation, advice is obtained, and when necessary the Australian Taxation
                        Office (ATO) (or other relevant tax authority) is consulted for clarity.

                        International related party dealings
                        Super Retail Group is an Australian-based group, with some trading operations in other countries, including New Zealand (Supercheap Auto
                        (SCA) and Macpac) and China (sourcing assistance). Given its current profile, the Group has very limited international related party dealings.
                        Super Retail Group prices international related party dealings on an arm’s length basis to meet the regulatory requirements of the relevant
                        jurisdictions.

                        The Group’s international related party dealings are summarised below:

                              The Group’s Australian retail businesses source material amounts of trading stock from overseas, particularly through Asian based third-
                               party suppliers. To facilitate this, the Group has China-based subsidiaries that co-ordinate these supplies. Super Retail Group’s
                               Australian businesses pay the overseas subsidiaries for these services.

                              The SCA and Macpac retail businesses operate across Australia and New Zealand. To meet customer demand and manage stock levels,
                               trading stock is occasionally transferred between jurisdictions, for which arm’s length consideration is paid by the recipient of the
                               trading stock.

                              Certain Group businesses operating outside of Australia are utilising intellectual property developed by Super Retail Group businesses
                               in Australia. Where appropriate, and as required by international cross border tax rules, a royalty payment is made by the off-shore
                               subsidiary to the relevant Group business in Australia.

                              Various administrative and support services are provided by Group head office and divisional parent entities to offshore subsidiary
                               businesses. As required by international cross border tax rules, arm’s length consideration is paid for these services.
                        119                                                                                 SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23
                        119                                                                               SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        15.        Income taxes (continued)

                        (g)        Tax transparency report (continued)

                        Other jurisdictions
                        The Group includes subsidiary companies that are incorporated in jurisdictions outside Australia as summarised in the table below:

                         Country                   Nature of activities
                         China(1)                  Co-ordinating the sourcing of trading stock for SCA, rebel and BCF
                         New Zealand               Active trading operations (SCA and Macpac) and dormant entities

                        (1) These companies are subject to the Australian Controlled Foreign Company rules. Under these rules profits generated by these subsidiaries from trading with

                        Super Retail Group are taxable in Australia at the 30 per cent Australian corporate tax rate. For FY23, the gross value of international related party transactions
                        in and out of Australia represented less than 2 per cent of revenue.

                        Australian income taxes paid
                        Super Retail Group is a large taxpayer and paid corporate income tax of $64.4 million in FY23 and $151.5 million in FY22.




For personal use only
                          Significant Accounting Policies
                          Current and deferred tax
                          The income tax expense or revenue for the period is the tax payable on the current period’s taxable income based on the national income
                          tax rate for each jurisdiction adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities attributable to temporary differences between the tax
                          bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the financial statements, and to unused tax losses.

                          Deferred tax assets and liabilities
                          Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised for temporary differences at the tax rates expected to apply when the assets are recovered
                          or liabilities are settled, based on those tax rates which are enacted or substantively enacted for each jurisdiction. The relevant tax rates are
                          applied to the cumulative amounts of deductible and taxable temporary differences to measure the deferred tax asset or liability.

                          An exception is made for certain temporary differences arising from the initial recognition of an asset or a liability. No deferred tax asset or
                          liability is recognised in relation to these temporary differences if they arise in a transaction, other than a business combination, that at the
                          time of the transaction did not affect either accounting profit or taxable profit or loss.

                          Deferred tax assets are recognised for deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses only if it is probable that future taxable
                          amounts will be available to utilise those temporary differences and losses.

                          Deferred tax liabilities and assets are not recognised for temporary differences between the carrying amount and tax bases of investments
                          in controlled entities where the parent entity is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that
                          the differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

                          Current and deferred tax balances attributable to amounts recognised directly in equity are recognised directly in equity.

                          Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets and liabilities and when the
                          deferred tax balances relate to the same taxation authority. Current tax assets and tax liabilities are offset where the entity has a legally
                          enforceable right to offset and intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

                          A deferred tax liability is recognised in relation to some of the Group’s indefinite life intangibles. The tax base assumed in determining the
                          amount of the deferred tax liability is the capital cost base of the assets.

                          Tax consolidation
                          Super Retail Group Limited and its wholly-owned Australian controlled entities have implemented the tax consolidation legislation as of 1
                          July 2003 and account for current and deferred tax amounts under the “separate taxpayer within group” approach in accordance with AASB
                          Interpretation 1052, Tax Consolidation Accounting.

                          On adoption of the tax consolidation legislation, the entities in the tax consolidated group entered into a tax sharing agreement which, in the
                          opinion of the Directors, limits the joint and several liability of the wholly-owned entities in the case of a default by the head entity, Super
                          Retail Group Limited.

                          The entities have also entered into a tax funding agreement under which the wholly-owned entities fully compensate Super Retail Group
                          Limited for any current tax payable assumed and are compensated by Super Retail Group Limited for any current tax receivable and deferred
                          tax assets relating to unused tax losses or unused tax credits that are transferred to Super Retail Group Limited under the tax consolidation
                          legislation. The funding amounts are determined by reference to the amounts recognised in the wholly-owned entities’ financial statements.

                          The amounts receivable/payable under the tax funding agreement are due upon receipt of the funding advice from the head entity, which is
                          issued as soon as practicable after the end of each financial year. The head entity may also require payment of interim funding amounts to
                          assist with its obligations to pay tax instalments.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                             120
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                             120

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        16.       Provisions
                                                                                                                                              2023                2022
                        Current                                                                                                                $m                   $m
                        Employee benefits(a)                                                                                                  98.2                 90.8
                        Make-good provision(b)                                                                                                  5.3                 3.9
                        Other provisions(c)                                                                                                     2.8                 3.2
                        Total current provisions                                                                                              106.3                97.9


                        Non-current
                        Employee benefits(a)                                                                                                    9.9                 9.6
                        Make-good provision(b)                                                                                                 30.8                30.8
                        Total non-current provisions                                                                                           40.7                40.4

                        (a)       Employee benefits




For personal use only
                        Provisions for employee benefits includes accrued annual leave, long service leave, accrued bonuses and redundancy costs relating to support
                        office restructures.

                        A remediation program in relation to payments owed to team members, as first identified in the 2018 financial year, is now substantially
                        complete, with the Group having paid back $52.7 million in entitlements and interest to certain of its award-covered set-up and retail
                        management team members, and its enterprise agreement-covered team members.

                        On 19 January 2023, the Fair Work Ombudsman (FWO) filed proceedings in the Federal Court of Australia (as amended) against the Company
                        and certain of its subsidiaries, seeking orders in relation to alleged contraventions of the Fair Work Act 2009 (Cth) (Fair Work Act) and
                        payments of $1.2 million for 146 team members (less remediation amounts already paid to those team members).

                        The FWO has also sought orders for civil penalties against the Company and the named subsidiaries under the Fair Work Act. While the Group
                        has been assisted by expert external advisers, these proceedings are at an early stage and the outcome and total costs associated with the
                        proceedings are uncertain. The Group has increased the provision to recognise amounts potentially payable as a consequence of the FWO
                        proceedings by $8.8 million. The total provision as at 1 July 2023 is $14.3 million (2 July 2022: $5.8 million).

                        (b)       Make-good provision

                        Provision is made for costs arising from contractual obligations in lease agreements at the inception of the agreement. A provision has been
                        recognised for the present value of the estimated expenditure required to remove any leasehold improvements. These costs have been
                        capitalised as part of the cost of the right-of-use assets and are amortised over the shorter of the term of the lease or the useful life of the
                        assets.

                        (c)       Other provisions

                        The current provision for other items includes the provision for store refunds.

                        (d)       Movement in provisions

                        Movements in each class of provision during the period, except for Other, are set out below:

                                                                                           Employee benefits                   Make-good                          Total
                        2022                                                                            $m                            $m                            $m
                        Opening balance as at 2 July 2022                                             100.4                          34.7                         135.1
                        Additional provisions recognised                                               88.3                             1.2                         89.5
                        Unwind of discount                                                                     -                        1.3                          1.3
                        Provisions used                                                                   (80.6)                      (1.1)                       (81.7)
                        Closing balance as at 1 July 2023                                                 108.1                        36.1                       144.2
                        121                                                                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23
                        121                                                                     SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        16.      Provisions (continued)

                         Significant Accounting Policies
                         Provisions
                         Provisions for legal claims, service warranties and make-good obligations are recognised when the Group has a present legal or
                         constructive obligation as a result of past events, it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation and
                         the amount has been reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses.

                         Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in settlement is determined by considering
                         the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised even if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item included in
                         the same class of obligations may be small.

                         Provisions are measured at the present value of management’s best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the present obligation
                         at the statement of financial position date. The discount rate used to determine the present value reflects current market assessments of
                         the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognised as
                         interest expense.




For personal use only
                         Employee benefits – short-term obligations
                         Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits that are expected to be settled wholly within 12 months after the end
                         of the period in which the employees render the related service are recognised in respect of employees’ services up to the end of the
                         reporting period and are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when the liabilities are settled. All other short-term employee
                         benefit obligations are presented as payables.

                         Employee benefits – long-term obligations
                         The liabilities for long service leave and annual leave are not expected to be settled wholly within 12 months after the end of the period
                         in which the employees render the related service. They are therefore recognised in the provision for employee benefits and measured
                         as the present value of expected future payments to be made in respect of services provided by employees up to the end of the reporting
                         period using the projected unit credit method. Consideration is given to expected future wage and salary levels, experience of employee
                         departures and periods of service. Expected future payments are discounted using market yields at the end of the reporting period of
                         government bonds with terms and currencies that match, as closely as possible, the estimated future cash outflows. Remeasurements as
                         a result of experience adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions are recognised in profit or loss.

                         The obligations are presented as current liabilities in the balance sheet if the Group does not have an unconditional right to defer
                         settlement for at least twelve months after the reporting period, regardless of when the actual settlement is expected to occur.

                         Retirement benefit obligations
                         Contributions are made by the Group to an employee superannuation fund and are charged as expenses when incurred.

                         Bonus plans
                         The Group recognises a liability and an expense for bonuses based on a formula that takes into consideration the profit attributable to the
                         Company’s shareholders after certain adjustments. The Group recognises a provision where contractually obliged or where there is a past
                         practice that has created a constructive obligation.

                         Make-good requirements in relation to leased premises
                         Refer to Note 12 for details on make-good requirements in relation to leased premises.

                         Critical accounting estimates and assumptions
                         Estimated value of make-good provision
                         The Group has estimated the present value of the expenditure required to remove any leasehold improvements and return leased
                         premises to their original state, in addition to the likelihood of this occurring. These costs have been capitalised as part of the cost of the
                         right-of-use asset.

                         Long service leave
                         Judgement is required in determining the following key assumptions used in the calculation of long service leave at balance date.
                              Future increase in salaries and wages;
                              Future on-cost rates; and
                              Experience of employee departures and period of service.

                         Employee benefits
                         Judgements have been made in the calculations as to the number of overtime hours and allowance payments based on assumed work
                         patterns.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                              122
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                              122

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        17.       Financial assets and financial liabilities

                        (a)       Financial instruments

                        The Group holds the following financial instruments:
                                                                                                Derivatives used        Financial assets and                       Total
                                                                                                     for hedging                liabilities at
                                                                                                                             amortised cost
                         2023                                                  Notes                          $m                          $m                         $m
                         Financial assets
                         Cash and cash equivalents                              7                               -                      192.3                      192.3
                         Trade and other receivables                             8                              -                        58.1                       58.1
                         Derivative financial instruments                       22                            2.7                           -                        2.7
                         Total                                                                                2.7                      250.4                      253.1

                         Financial liabilities




For personal use only
                         Trade and other payables                               13                              -                      490.1                       490.1
                         Borrowings                                             14                              -                          -                           -
                         Lease liabilities                                      12                              -                    1,035.0                     1,035.0
                         Total                                                                                  -                    1,525.1                     1,525.1

                                                                                                Derivatives used        Financial assets and                       Total
                                                                                                     for hedging                liabilities at
                                                                                                                             amortised cost
                         2022                                                  Notes                          $m                          $m                         $m
                         Financial assets
                         Cash and cash equivalents                              7                               -                        13.4                       13.4
                         Trade and other receivables                             8                              -                        53.6                       53.6
                         Derivative financial instruments                       22                           11.9                           -                       11.9
                         Total                                                                               11.9                        67.0                       78.9

                         Financial liabilities
                         Trade and other payables                               13                              -                      451.4                       451.4
                         Borrowings                                             14                              -                          -                           -
                         Lease liabilities                                      12                              -                    1,010.7                     1,010.7
                         Total                                                                                  -                    1,462.1                     1,462.1

                        The Group’s exposure to various risks associated with the financial instruments is discussed in Note 22 – Financial risk management. The
                        maximum exposure to credit risk at the end of the reporting period is the carrying amount of each class of financial assets mentioned above.

                        (b)       Recognised fair value measurements

                        (i)        Fair value hierarchy
                        This section explains the judgements and estimates made in determining the fair values of the financial instruments that are recognised and
                        measured at fair value in the financial statements. To provide an indication of the reliability of the inputs used in determining fair value, the
                        Group has classified its financial instruments into the three levels prescribed under the accounting standards. An explanation of each level
                        follows below the table.

                        The fair value of forward exchange contracts is determined using forward exchange market rates at the balance sheet date.

                        The carrying value less impairment provision of trade receivables and payables is assumed to approximate their fair values due to their short-
                        term nature. The fair value of financial liabilities for disclosure purposes is estimated by discounting the future contractual cash flows at the
                        current market interest rate that is available to the Group for similar financial instruments.
                        123                                                                            SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23
                        123                                                                         SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        17.       Financial assets and financial liabilities (continued)

                        (b)       Recognised fair value measurements (continued)

                        (i)       Fair value hierarchy (continued)

                        The following tables present the Group’s assets and liabilities measured and recognised at fair value.
                                                                                         Level 1              Level 2                   Level 3                   Total
                        2023                                                                $m                    $m                       $m                       $m
                        Financial assets
                        Derivatives used for hedging – forward foreign
                        exchange contracts                                                     -                  2.7                          -                    2.7
                        Total                                                                   -                    2.7                       -                    2.7
                        Financial liabilities
                        Derivatives used for hedging                                            -                       -                      -                         -




For personal use only
                        Total                                                                   -                       -                      -                         -

                                                                                         Level 1                 Level 2                Level 3                   Total
                        2022                                                                $m                      $m                     $m                       $m
                        Financial assets
                        Derivatives used for hedging – forward foreign
                        exchange contracts                                                      -                   11.9                       -                   11.9
                        Total                                                                   -                   11.9                       -                   11.9
                        Financial liabilities
                        Derivatives used for hedging                                            -                       -                      -                         -
                        Total                                                                   -                       -                      -                         -

                        There were no transfers between any levels for recurring fair value measurements during the year. The Group’s policy is to recognise
                        transfers into and transfers out of fair value hierarchy levels as at the end of the reporting period.

                        Level 1: The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets (such as publicly traded derivatives, and trading and available-for-
                        sale securities) is based on quoted market prices at the end of the reporting period. The quoted market price used for financial assets held
                        by the Group is the current bid price. These instruments are included in level 1.

                        Level 2: The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example, over-the-counter derivatives) is
                        determined using valuation techniques which maximise the use of observable market data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific
                        estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.

                        Level 3: If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is included in level 3. This is the
                        case for unlisted equity securities.

                        (ii)       Valuation techniques used to determine fair value
                        Specific valuation techniques used to value financial instruments include:
                            the use of quoted market prices or dealer quotes for similar instruments;
                            the fair value of interest rate swaps is calculated as the present value of the estimated future cash flows based on observable yield
                             curves;
                            the fair value of forward foreign exchange contracts is determined using forward exchange rates at the balance sheet date;
                            the fair value of the remaining financial instruments is determined using discounted cash flow analysis.

                        All of the resulting fair value estimates are included in level 2, where the fair values have been determined based on present values and
                        the discount rates used were adjusted for counterparty or own credit risk.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                                   124
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                                   124

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        17.       Financial assets and financial liabilities (continued)

                          Significant Accounting Policies
                          Financial assets classification
                          The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:
                               those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through Other Comprehensive Income (OCI) or through profit or loss), and
                               those to be measured at amortised cost.

                          The classification depends on the Group’s business model for managing the financial assets and the contractual terms of the cash flows.

                          For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will be recorded in profit or loss or OCI. For investments in equity instruments that are
                          not held for trading, this will depend on whether the Group has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to account
                          for the equity investment at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI).

                          The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing those assets changes.




For personal use only
                          Recognition and derecognition
                          Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date on which the Group commits to purchase or
                          sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised when the rights to receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been
                          transferred and the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.

                          Measurement
                          At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus transaction costs (in the case of a financial asset not at fair
                          value through profit or loss (FVPL)) that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction costs of financial
                          assets carried at FVPL are expensed in profit or loss.

                          Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining whether their cash flows are solely payment
                          of principal and interest.

                          Debt instruments
                          Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for managing the asset and the cash flow
                          characteristics of the asset. There are three measurement categories into which the Group classifies its debt instruments:

                          Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows represent solely payments of principal
                          and interest are measured at amortised cost. Interest income from these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective
                          interest rate method. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition is recognised directly in profit or loss and presented in other gains/(losses)
                          together with foreign exchange gains and losses. Impairment losses are presented as separate line item in the statement of profit or loss.

                          FVOCI: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the financial assets, where the assets’ cash flows
                          represent solely payments of principal and interest, are measured at FVOCI. Movements in the carrying amount are taken through OCI,
                          except for the recognition of impairment gains or losses, interest income and foreign exchange gains and losses which are recognised in
                          profit or loss. When the financial asset is derecognised, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in OCI is reclassified from equity
                          to profit or loss and recognised in other gains/(losses). Interest income from these financial assets is included in finance income using the
                          effective interest rate method. Foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in other gains/(losses) and impairment expenses are
                          presented as separate line item in the statement of profit or loss.

                          FVPL: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI are measured at FVPL. A gain or loss on a debt investment that is
                          subsequently measured at FVPL is recognised in profit or loss and presented net within other gains/(losses) in the period in which it arises.

                          Equity instruments
                          The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Group’s management have elected to present fair value
                          gains and losses on equity investments in OCI, there is no subsequent reclassification of fair value gains and losses to profit or loss following
                          the derecognition of the investment. Dividends from such investments continue to be recognised in profit or loss as other income when
                          the Group’s right to receive payments is established.

                          Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVPL are recognised in other gains/(losses) in the statement of profit or loss as applicable.
                          Impairment losses (and reversal of impairment losses) on equity investments measured at FVOCI are not reported separately from other
                          changes in fair value.
                        125                                                                                   SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23
                        125                                                                                SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        17.         Financial assets and financial liabilities (continued)

                         Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
                         Impairment
                         The Group assesses on a forward-looking basis the expected credit losses associated with its debt instruments carried at amortised cost
                         and FVOCI. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.

                         For trade receivables, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by AASB 9, which requires expected lifetime losses to be
                         recognised from initial recognition of the receivables.

                         Derivative financial instruments and hedging activities
                         Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value on the date a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently remeasured to their
                         fair value. The method of recognising the resulting gain or loss depends on whether the derivative is designated as a hedging instrument,
                         and if so, the nature of the item being hedged. The Group designates certain derivatives as either: hedges of the fair value of recognised
                         assets or liabilities or a firm commitment (fair value hedge); or hedges of highly probable forecast transactions (cash flow hedges).




For personal use only
                         The Group documents at the inception of the transaction the relationship between hedging instruments and hedged items as well as its
                         risk management objective and strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions. The Group also documents its assessment, both at
                         hedge inception and on an ongoing basis, of whether the derivatives that are used in hedging transactions have been and will continue to
                         be highly effective in offsetting changes in cash flows of hedged items.

                         Cash flow hedges
                         The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges is recognised in equity
                         in the hedging reserve. The gain or loss relating to the ineffective portion is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

                         Amounts accumulated in equity are recycled in profit or loss in the income periods when the hedged item will affect profit or loss (for
                         instance when the forecast payment that is hedged takes place). When the forecast transaction that is hedged results in the recognition
                         of a non-financial asset (for example, inventory) or a non-financial liability, the gains and losses previously deferred in equity are
                         transferred from equity and included in the measurement of the initial cost or carrying amount of the asset or liability.

                         When a hedging instrument expires or is sold or terminated, or when a hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, any
                         cumulative gain or loss existing in equity at the time remains in equity and is recognised when the forecast transaction is ultimately
                         recognised in profit or loss. As soon as a forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss that was reported
                         in equity is transferred to profit or loss.

                         Derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting
                         Certain derivative instruments do not qualify for hedge accounting. Changes in the fair value of any derivative instrument that does not
                         qualify for hedge accounting are recognised in profit or loss.


                        18.         Earnings per share
                                                                                                                                                    2023          2022
                        (a)        Basic earnings per share                                                                                        Cents         Cents
                        Total basic earnings per share attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the company                                  116.5         106.8

                        (b)        Diluted earnings per share
                        Total diluted earnings per share attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the company                                 115.4         105.8


                        (c)      Normalised earnings per share (non-IFRS measure)(1)
                        From continuing operations attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the company                                       121.1         108.1
                        (1) Normalised profit attributable to ordinary equity holders is $273.5 million (2022: $244.1 million) – Note 4(b).




                                                                                                                                                   2023          2022
                        (d)        Weighted average number of shares used as the denominator                                                     Number        Number

                        Weighted average number of shares used as the denominator in calculating basic EPS                                    225,826,500   225,826,500
                        Adjustments for calculation of diluted earnings per share – performance rights                                          2,027,140     2,058,479
                        Weighted average potential ordinary shares used as the denominator in
                                                                                                                                              227,853,640   227,884,979
                        calculating diluted earnings per share
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                             126
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                             126

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        18.       Earnings per share (continued)
                                                                                                                                       2023                  2022
                        (e)          Reconciliations of earnings used in calculating earnings per share                                 $m                    $m
                        Basic earnings and diluted earnings per share
                         Profit attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the company used in EPS                                263.0                 241.2
                        calculating basic earnings per share:
                         (f)         Information concerning the classification of securities
                         Performance Rights
                         Performance rights granted are considered to be potential ordinary shares and have been included in the determination of diluted earnings
                         per share to the extent to which they are dilutive.


                          Significant Accounting Policies
                          Basic earnings per share
                          Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing:
                           the profit attributable to equity holders of the Company, excluding any costs of servicing equity other than ordinary shares;




For personal use only
                           by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year, adjusted for bonus elements in ordinary
                              shares issued during the year and excluding treasury shares.

                          Diluted earnings per share
                          Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share to take into account the after income
                          tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated with dilutive potential ordinary shares and the weighted average number of
                          shares assumed to have been issued for no consideration in relation to dilutive potential ordinary shares.



                        19.       Contributed equity

                        (a)       Share capital
                                                                                                                                            2023                  2022
                                                                                                                                             $m                     $m
                        Ordinary shares fully paid (225,826,500 ordinary shares as at 1 July 2023)                                         740.7                  740.7



                                                                                                     Number of shares               Issue price                     $m
                        (i)        Movement in ordinary share capital
                        Balance 26 June 2021                                                              225,826,500                                             740.7
                        Movement in the period                                                                       -                        -                        -
                        Balance 2 July 2022                                                               225,826,500                                             740.7
                        Movement in the period                                                                       -                        -                        -
                        Balance 1 July 2023                                                              225,826,500                                              740.7

                        Ordinary shares have no par value and the Company does not have a limited amount of authorised capital.

                        The ordinary shares entitle the holder to participate in dividends and the proceeds on winding up of the parent entity in proportion to the
                        number of and amounts paid on the shares held.

                        On a show of hands every holder of ordinary shares present, in person or by proxy, at a meeting of shareholders of the parent entity is entitled
                        to one vote and, upon a poll, each share is entitled to one vote.

                        Performance rights over 790,611 (2022: 185,997) ordinary shares were issued during the period with 763,059 (2022: 293,907) performance
                        rights vesting during the period. Vesting of performance rights was fulfilled through on-market share purchases. Information relating to
                        performance rights outstanding at the end of the financial year are set out in Note 30 – Share-based payments.
                        127                                                                         SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23
                        127                                                                      SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        19.       Contributed equity (continued)

                        (b)       Other equity
                                                                                                                                           2023                  2022
                                                                                                                                             $m                    $m
                        Treasury shares                                                                                                     (3.8)                    -

                                                                                                                            Average price per
                                                                                                   Number of shares                     share                      $m
                        (i)       Movement in treasury shares
                        Balance 26 June 2021                                                                         -                                                 -
                        Movement in the period                                                                       -                       -                         -
                        Balance 2 July 2022                                                                          -                                                 -
                        Acquisition of shares by the Trust                                                  (300,000)                   12.76                     (3.8)




For personal use only
                        Balance 1 July 2023                                                                 (300,000)                                             (3.8)

                        Treasury shares are ordinary shares in Super Retail Group Limited that are held by the trust established to hold shares for the purposes of the
                        Super Retail Group Employee Equity Incentive Plan (the EIP) (refer to Note 30 – Share-based payments for further details). Shares issued or
                        allocated to employees will be on a first-in-first-out basis.

                        Dividend reinvestment plan
                        The Company has established a dividend reinvestment plan under which holders of ordinary shares may elect to have all or part of their
                        dividend entitlements satisfied by shares purchased on market rather than by being paid in cash.

                          Significant Accounting Policies
                          Contributed equity
                          Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity
                          as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options, or for the
                          acquisition of a business, are included in the cost of the acquisition as part of the purchase consideration.


                        20.       Reserves and retained earnings
                                                                                                                                           2023                 2022
                                                                                                                                             $m                   $m
                        (a)       Reserves
                        Foreign currency translation reserve                                                                                  2.7                  1.7
                        Share-based payments reserve                                                                                        20.8                 22.1
                        Hedging reserve                                                                                                       1.9                  8.3
                        NCI equity reserve                                                                                                  (8.0)                (8.0)
                        Total                                                                                                               17.4                 24.1

                        (i)       Movements
                        Foreign currency translation reserve
                        Balance at the beginning of the financial period                                                                      1.7                  3.4
                        Net exchange difference on translation of foreign controlled entities                                                 1.0                (1.7)
                        Balance at the end of the financial period                                                                            2.7                  1.7

                        Share-based payments reserve
                        Balance at the beginning of the financial period                                                                    22.1                 19.7
                        Value of equity purchased for performance rights and restricted shares                                              (8.9)                (4.5)
                        Performance rights and restricted shares expense                                                                      7.6                  6.9
                        Balance at the end of the financial period                                                                          20.8                 22.1

                        Hedging reserve
                        Balance at the beginning of the financial period                                                                      8.3                  2.5
                        Revaluation – gross                                                                                                 (9.2)                  8.4
                        Deferred tax                                                                                                          2.8                (2.6)
                        Balance at the end of the financial period                                                                            1.9                  8.3
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                             128
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                             128

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        20.        Reserves and retained earnings (continued)

                        (a)        Reserves (continued)

                        (i)        Movements (continued)
                                                                                                                                             2023                 2022
                                                                                                                                              $m                   $m
                        NCI equity reserve
                        Balance at the beginning of the financial period                                                                     (8.0)                (8.0)
                        Change in ownership interest in controlled entities                                                                      -                    -
                        Balance at the end of the financial period                                                                           (8.0)                (8.0)

                        (ii)      Nature and purpose of reserves
                        Hedging reserve - cash flow hedges
                        The hedging reserve is used to record gains or losses on a hedging instrument in a cash flow hedge that are recognised directly in equity, as




For personal use only
                        described in Note 17 – Financial assets and financial liabilities. Amounts are recognised in profit or loss when the associated hedged
                        transaction affects profit or loss.

                        Share-based payments reserve
                        The share-based payments reserve is used to recognise the grant date fair value of options and performance rights issued.

                        Foreign currency translation reserve
                        Exchange differences arising on translation of the foreign controlled entity are taken to the foreign currency translation reserve, as described
                        in Note 2(c). The reserve is recognised in profit or loss when the net investment is disposed of.

                        NCI equity reserve
                        The NCI equity reserve is used to recognise the change in ownership interest in controlled entities.

                        (b)        Retained earnings
                                                                                                                                            2023                 2022
                                                                                                                                             $m                    $m
                        Balance at the beginning of the financial period                                                                   524.2                 468.2
                        Net profit for the period attributable to owners of Super Retail Group                                             263.0                 241.2
                        Dividends paid                                                                                                   (173.9)               (185.2)
                        Retained profits at the end of the financial period                                                                613.3                 524.2



                        21.        Reconciliation of profit after income tax to net cash inflow from operating activities
                                                                                                                                            2023                 2022
                                                                                                                                             $m                    $m
                         Profit from ordinary activities after related income tax                                                          263.0                 241.2
                         Depreciation and amortisation                                                                                     329.4                 305.2
                         Impairment of right-of-use assets                                                                                   0.2                   2.0
                         (Gain) / loss on write down in investment in associate                                                             (1.8)                   5.7
                         Net (gain) on disposal of non-current assets                                                                       (0.5)                 (0.3)
                         Non-cash employee benefits expense/share-based payments                                                              7.6                   6.9
                         Equity accounting loss                                                                                                 -                   0.4
                         Net finance costs                                                                                                  43.2                  47.0
                         Change in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects from the purchase of
                         controlled entities
                          - (increase) in receivables                                                                                       (2.1)                (17.2)
                          - increase / (decrease) in net current tax liability                                                              10.5                (49.7)
                          - decrease / (increase) in inventories                                                                            11.0               (103.2)
                          - increase / (decrease) in payables                                                                                7.9               (107.2)
                          - increase in provisions                                                                                           7.0                  12.7
                          - decrease / (increase) in deferred taxes                                                                         41.0                  (3.1)
                         Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                                         716.4                 340.4
                        129                                                                             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23
                        129                                                                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        22.       Financial risk management

                        This note explains the Group’s exposure to financial risks and how these risks could affect the Group’s future financial performance. Current
                        year profit or loss information has been included where relevant to add further context.

                                                                      Market risk
                                                                                                                     Credit risk                     Liquidity risk
                                                  Foreign exchange                    Interest rate
                                             Future commercial
                                                                                                            Cash and cash equivalents,
                                             transactions
                         Exposure                                             Long-term borrowings at       trade and other receivables     Borrowings and other
                                             Recognised financial assets
                         arising from                                         variable rates                and derivative financial        liabilities
                                             and liabilities not
                                                                                                            instruments
                                             denominated in AUD
                                             Cash flow forecasting                                          Ageing analysis                 Credit limits and retention
                         Measurement                                          Sensitivity analysis
                                             Sensitivity analysis                                           Credit ratings                  of title over goods sold
                                                                                                                                            Availability of committed




For personal use only
                                             Forward foreign exchange                                       Rolling cash flow
                         Management                                           Interest rate swaps                                           credit lines and borrowing
                                             contracts                                                      forecasts
                                                                                                                                            facilities

                        The Group’s risk management is carried out by the finance department under policies approved by the Board. The finance department
                        identifies, evaluates and hedges financial risks in co-operation with the Group’s operating units. The Board approves a formal policy for overall
                        risk management, as well as policies covering specific areas, such as foreign exchange risk, interest rate risk, credit risk, use of derivative
                        financial instruments and non-derivative financial instruments, and investment of excess liquidity.

                        (a)        Derivative financial instruments

                        Derivative Financial Instruments are used only for economic hedging purposes and not as trading or speculative instruments. The Group has
                        the following derivative financial instruments:
                                                                                                                                        2023                2022
                                                                                                                                          $m                  $m
                        Current assets
                        Forward foreign exchange contracts – cash flow hedges                                                                  2.7                    11.9
                        Total current derivative financial instrument assets                                                                   2.7                    11.9


                        Current liabilities
                        Forward foreign exchange contracts – cash flow hedges                                                                    -                        -
                        Total current derivative financial instrument liabilities                                                                -                        -

                        (i)       Classification of derivatives
                        Derivatives are classified as held for trading and accounted for at fair value through profit or loss unless they are designated as hedges. They
                        are presented as current assets or liabilities if they are expected to be settled within 12 months after the end of the reporting period.

                        The Group’s accounting policy for cash flow hedges is set out in Note 17 – Financial assets and financial liabilities. For hedged forecast
                        transactions that result in the recognition of a non-financial asset, the Group has elected to include related hedging gains and losses in the
                        initial measurement of the cost of the asset.

                        (ii)      Fair value measurement
                        For information about the methods and assumptions used in determining the fair value of derivatives please refer to Note 17 – Financial
                        assets and financial liabilities.

                        (b)        Market risk

                        (i)      Foreign exchange risk
                        Group companies are required to hedge their foreign exchange risk exposure using forward contracts transacted by the finance department.

                        The Group operates internationally and is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from currency exposures to the United States dollar (USD)
                        and Chinese Yuan (CNY).

                        Foreign exchange risk arises when future commercial transactions and recognised assets and liabilities are denominated in a currency that is
                        not the entity’s functional currency.

                        The Group’s risk management policy is to hedge between 50 per cent and 75 per cent of anticipated foreign currency purchases for the
                        subsequent four months and up to 50 per cent of anticipated foreign currency purchases for the following five to 12 month period.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                              130
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                              130

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        22.       Financial risk management (continued)

                        (b)       Market risk (continued)

                        (i)       Foreign exchange risk (continued)

                        Instruments used by the Group
                        The Group retails products including some that have been imported, with contract pricing denominated in USD or CNY. In order to protect
                        against exchange rate movements, the Group has entered into forward exchange rate contracts to purchase USD. The contracts are timed
                        to mature in line with forecast payments for imports and cover forecast purchases for the subsequent twelve months, on a rolling basis. The
                        Group does not currently enter into forward exchange rate contracts to purchase CNY.

                        Exposure
                        The Group’s exposure to foreign currency risk at the end of the reporting period was as follows:

                                                                                                                                            2023                 2022
                                                                                                                                             USD                  USD




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                              $m                   $m
                        Trade receivables                                                                                                     2.2                  2.3
                        Trade payables                                                                                                      21.4                  26.0
                        Forward exchange contract - notional amount in foreign currency (cash flow hedges)
                             Buy United States dollars and sell Australian/New Zealand dollars with maturity
                             - 0 to 4 months                                                                                                53.5                  68.9
                             - 5 to 12 months                                                                                               18.0                  44.4
                                                                                                                                            71.5                113.3
                        The weighted average hedge rate of the forward exchange contracts as at 1 July 2023 is 0.6770 (2022: 0.7411)

                                                                                                                                            2023                 2022
                                                                                                                                             CNY                  CNY
                                                                                                                                               m                    m
                        Trade receivables                                                                                                     1.9                  1.6
                        Trade payables                                                                                                      38.7                  29.0

                        The portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument that is determined to be an effective hedge is recognised directly in equity. When
                        the cash flows occur, the Group adjusts the initial measurement of the component recognised in the consolidated balance sheet by the related
                        amount deferred in equity. In the year ended 1 July 2023, no hedges were designated as ineffective (2022: nil).

                        Gains and losses arising from hedging contracts terminated prior to maturity are also carried forward until the designated hedged transaction
                        occurs.

                        The following gains, losses and costs have been deferred as at the balance date:
                                                                                                                                          2023                  2022
                                                                                                                                           $m                    $m
                         - unrealised gains on USD foreign exchange contracts                                                              2.7                  11.9
                         Total unrealised gains                                                                                             2.7                 11.9

                        Group sensitivity
                        Based on the financial instruments held at 1 July 2023, had the Australian dollar weakened/strengthened by 10 per cent against other
                        currencies with all other variables held constant, the impact on the Group’s post-tax profit would have been nil, on the basis that the financial
                        instruments would have been designated as cash flow hedges and the impact upon the foreign exchange movements of other financial assets
                        and liabilities is not material.

                        Equity would have been $7.5 million lower/$14.2 million higher (2022: $9.7 million lower/$11.9 million higher) had the Australian dollar
                        weakened/strengthened by 10 per cent against other currencies, arising mainly from forward foreign exchange contracts designated as cash
                        flow hedges. The impact on other Group assets and liabilities as a result of movements in exchange rates is not material.

                        A sensitivity of 10 per cent was selected following review of historic trends.
                        131                                                                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23
                        131                                                                       SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        22.         Financial risk management (continued)

                        (b)         Market risk (continued)

                        (ii)        Cashflow and fair value interest rate risk

                        Instruments used by the Group - interest rate swap contracts
                        An assessment of the forecast core debt requirements subsequent to the equity raising announced on 15 June 2020 indicated that core debt
                        was minimal and all interest rate swaps were terminated. No new interest rate swap contracts have been entered into as core debt remains
                        at nil. Therefore current interest expense is subject to variable rates only.

                        Interest rate risk exposures
                        The Group’s exposure to interest rate risk and the effective weighted average interest rate by maturity periods is set out in the following
                        table:
                                                                                                        Fixed interest maturing in
                                                                                                                                                Non-




For personal use only
                                                                                      Floating   1 year or   Over 1 to 5    More than        interest
                                                                                 interest rate        less        years       5 years        bearing         Total
                                                                    Notes                  $m          $m            $m           $m              $m           $m

                          2023
                          Financial assets
                          Cash and cash equivalents                   7                 190.4            -             -                 -       1.9         192.3
                          Trade and other receivables                 8                     -            -             -                 -      58.1          58.1
                          Total financial assets                                        190.4            -             -                 -      60.0         250.4
                          Weighted average rate of interest                             4.0%
                          Financial liabilities
                          Lease liabilities                          12                      -      175.8         610.9              248.3          -      1,035.0
                          Trade and other payables                   13                      -           -             -                 -     490.1         490.1
                          Borrowings                                 14                      -           -             -                 -         -             -
                          Provisions (employee benefits)             16                      -           -             -                 -     108.1         108.1
                          Total financial liabilities                                        -      175.8         610.9              248.3     598.2       1,633.2
                          Weighted average rate of interest                               n/a
                          Net financial (liabilities) / assets                          190.4     (175.8)        (610.9)        (248.3)      (538.2)     (1,382.8)


                                                                                                        Fixed interest maturing in
                                                                                                                                                Non-
                                                                                      Floating   1 year or   Over 1 to 5    More than        interest
                                                                                 interest rate        less        years       5 years        bearing         Total
                                                                    Notes                  $m          $m            $m           $m              $m           $m


                          2022
                          Financial assets
                          Cash and cash equivalents                   7                  11.7            -             -                 -       1.7          13.4
                          Trade and other receivables                 8                     -            -             -                 -      53.6          53.6
                          Total financial assets                                         11.7            -             -                 -      55.3          67.0
                          Weighted average rate of interest                            0.00%
                          Financial liabilities
                          Lease liabilities                          12                      -      193.4         571.9              245.4         -       1,010.7
                          Trade and other payables                   13                      -          -             -                  -     451.4         451.4
                          Borrowings                                 14                      -          -             -                  -         -             -
                          Provisions (employee benefits)             16                      -          -             -                  -     100.4         100.4
                          Total financial liabilities                                        -      193.4         571.9              245.4     551.8       1,562.5
                          Weighted average rate of interest                               n/a
                          Net financial (liabilities) / assets                           11.7     (193.4)        (571.9)        (245.4)      (496.5)     (1,495.5)
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                                132
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                                132

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        22.       Financial risk management (continued)

                        (b)       Market risk (continued)

                        (ii)      Cashflow and fair value interest rate risk (continued)

                        Group sensitivity
                        The Group’s main interest rate risk typically arises from long-term borrowings. Borrowings issued at variable rates expose the Group to cash
                        flow interest rate risk. Borrowings issued at fixed rates expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk. During the 2023 and 2022 financial
                        years, the Group’s borrowings were at variable rates and were denominated in Australian dollars.

                        As at the reporting date, the Group had the following variable rate borrowings outstanding:

                                                                                                                                              2023                   2022
                                                                                                                                               $m                     $m
                        Bank loans                                                                                                               -                      -




For personal use only
                        An analysis by maturities is provided in (d) below.

                        The Group risk management policy is to maintain fixed interest rate hedges of approximately 40 per cent of anticipated core debt levels over
                        a 3 year period. The Group utilises interest rate swaps to hedge its interest rate exposure on borrowings but as disclosed above no interest
                        rate swaps have been entered into as core debt remains nil.

                        As at 1 July 2023, if interest rates had changed by +/- 100 basis points from the year-end rates with all other variables held constant, post-tax
                        profit and equity for the year would have been unchanged (2022: $0.2 million lower/higher), mainly as a result of having low levels of debt
                        drawn during the reporting period.

                        (c)       Credit risk

                        Credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents, favourable derivative financial instruments and deposits with banks and financial
                        institutions, as well as credit exposures to wholesale and retail customers, including outstanding receivables and committed transactions.

                        (i)         Risk management
                        Credit risk is managed on a Group basis. For banks and financial institutions, only independently rated parties with a minimum credit rating
                        of ‘A’ are accepted.

                        If wholesale customers are independently rated, these ratings are used. Otherwise, if there is no independent rating, risk control assesses the
                        credit quality of the customer, taking into account its financial position, past experience and other factors. Individual risk limits are set based
                        on internal or external ratings in accordance with limits set by the Board. The compliance with credit limits by wholesale customers is regularly
                        monitored by management.

                        Sales to retail customers are required to be settled in cash, using major credit cards or buy-now-pay-later solutions, mitigating credit risk.
                        There are no significant concentrations of credit risk, whether through exposure to individual customers, specific industry sectors and/or
                        regions.

                        (ii)      Security
                        For wholesale customers without credit rating, the Group generally retains title over the goods sold until full payment is received, thus limiting
                        the loss from a possible default to the profit margin made on the sale. For some trade receivables the Group may also obtain security in the
                        form of guarantees, deeds of undertaking or letters of credit which can be called upon if the counterparty is in default under the terms of the
                        agreement.
                        133                                                                                  SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23
                        133                                                                               SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        22.           Financial risk management (continued)

                        (d)          Liquidity risk

                        Prudent liquidity risk management implies maintaining sufficient cash and the availability of funding through an adequate amount of
                        committed credit facilities to meet obligations when due. As a result of the dynamic nature of the underlying businesses, the finance
                        department maintains flexibility in funding by maintaining availability under committed credit lines.

                        Management monitors rolling forecasts of the Group’s liquidity reserve (comprising the undrawn borrowing facilities below) and cash and
                        cash equivalents on the basis of expected cash flows. In addition, the Group’s liquidity management policy involves projecting cash flows in
                        major currencies and considering the level of liquid assets necessary to meet these.

                        (i)          Financing arrangements
                                                                                                                                                            2023                     2022
                        Unrestricted access was available at balance date to the following lines of credit:                                                   $m                       $m




For personal use only
                          Total facilities
                          - bank debt funding facility                                                                                                     500.0                     600.0
                          - bank overdraft facility                                                                                                         35.0                      35.0
                          - multi-option facility (including indemnity/guarantee)                                                                           15.0                      16.0
                          Total                                                                                                                            550.0                     651.0

                          Facilities used at balance date
                          - bank debt funding facility                                                                                                           -                       -
                              - bank overdraft facility(1)                                                                                                      -                     19.3
                              - multi-option facility (including indemnity/guarantee)                                                                         5.5                      5.3
                          Total                                                                                                                               5.5                     24.6

                          Unused balance of facilities at balance date
                          - bank debt funding facility                                                                                                     500.0                     600.0
                          - bank overdraft facility                                                                                                         35.0                      15.7
                              - multi-option facility (including indemnity/guarantee)                                                                         9.5                     10.7
                          Total                                                                                                                            544.5                     626.4

                          (1) As at 1 July 2023 the bank overdraft facility was undrawn (2022: $19.3 million utilised). The bank overdraft is an integral part of the Group’s cash

                                management and in accordance with financing arrangements is included as part of cash and cash equivalents (refer Note 7).

                        During the reporting period, the Group re-financed its bank debt funding facility, extending tenor and reducing the value of the overall facility.
                        Bank debt funding is split as $160 million expiring December 2025 (2022: $200 million expiring December 2022), $180 million expiring
                        December 2026 (2022 $200 million expiring December 2023 ) and $160 million expiring December 2027 ($200 million expiring December
                        2024). Bank debt and multi-option funding facilities totalling $50 million are reviewed and renewed annually. Drawdown of debt facilities
                        can occur with 48 hours’ notice.

                        Current interest rates which would apply on bank loans of the Group if drawn down are 5.65% - 5.85% (2022: 2.93% - 3.33%).
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                            134
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                            134

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        22.        Financial risk management (continued)

                        (d)        Liquidity risk (continued)

                        (ii)        Maturities of financial liabilities
                        The following tables present the Group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on their contractual maturities for:
                        - all non-derivative financial liabilities; and
                        - net and gross settled derivative financial instruments for which the contractual maturities are essential for an understanding of the timing
                             of the cash flows.

                        The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows. Balances due within 12 months equal their carrying balances
                        as the impact of discounting is not significant. For interest rate swaps the cash flows have been estimated using forward interest rates
                        applicable at the end of the reporting period.

                                                                                                                                                             Carrying
                                                                                               Between 1      Between 2                          Total        amount




For personal use only
                                                                 Less than 6         6-12          and 2          and 5          Over 5    contractual      (assets) /
                                                                    months         months          years          years           years     cash flows      liabilities
                         2023                                            $m           $m             $m             $m              $m              $m              $m
                         Non-derivatives
                         Trade and other payables                      490.1             -              -              -              -          490.1          490.1
                         Borrowings                                        -             -              -              -              -              -              -
                         Lease liabilities                             104.0         116.1          212.2          358.4          424.2        1,214.9        1,035.0
                         Total non-derivatives                         594.1         116.1          212.2          358.4          424.2        1,705.0        1,525.1


                         Derivatives
                         Forward exchange contracts used
                         for hedging:
                         Gross settled
                         - (inflow)                                   (98.3)          (9.0)              -              -              -        (107.3)          (2.7)
                         - outflow                                      96.2            8.8              -              -              -          105.0              -
                         Total derivatives                              (2.1)         (0.2)              -              -              -          (2.3)          (2.7)


                                                                                                                                                             Carrying
                                                                                               Between 1      Between 2                          Total        amount
                                                                 Less than 6         6-12          and 2          and 5          Over 5    contractual      (assets) /
                                                                    months         months          years          years           years     cash flows      liabilities
                         2022                                            $m           $m             $m             $m              $m              $m              $m
                         Non-derivatives
                         Trade and other payables                      451.4              -              -              -              -         451.4          451.4
                         Borrowings                                        -              -              -              -              -             -              -
                         Lease liabilities                              99.0         113.9          205.3          465.1          264.9        1,148.2        1,010.7
                         Total non-derivatives                         550.4         113.9          205.3          465.1          264.9        1,599.6        1,462.1


                         Derivatives
                         Forward exchange contracts used
                         for hedging:
                         Gross settled
                         - (inflow)                                  (150.1)         (16.1)              -              -              -        (166.2)         (11.9)
                         - outflow                                     138.2           14.7              -              -              -          152.9              -
                         Total derivatives                            (11.9)          (1.4)              -              -              -         (13.3)         (11.9)
                        135                                                                                SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23
                        135                                                                             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        23.        Capital management

                        (a)        Risk management

                        The Group’s objectives when managing capital, including cash, debt and equity, are to safeguard its ability to continue as a going concern and
                        to ensure that a flexible, secure and cost-effective supply of funds is available to meet the Group’s operating and investment requirements.

                        In order to maintain or adjust the optimal capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital
                        to shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt.

                        The Group monitors a range of financial metrics such as net debt to EBITDA ratio and the fixed charge cover ratio (FCCR). The ratio is calculated
                        as earnings before net finance costs, income tax, depreciation, amortisation and rental expense (EBITDAR) divided by fixed charge obligations
                        (being finance costs rental expenses).

                        For the purposes of capital management FCCR is utilised on a pre-AASB 16 Leases basis. The FCCR and net debt to EBITDA ratios at 1 July
                        2023 and 2 July 2022 were as follows:




For personal use only
                                                                                                                             2023                        2022
                        Non-IFRS measures                                                                                     $m                           $m
                        Normalised net profit after tax (pre-AASB 16 Leases)                                                276.6                        249.2
                        Add: Taxation expense                                                                                        118.5                         107.7
                             Net finance costs                                                                                         5.5                           8.1
                             Depreciation and amortisation (excludes impairment)                                                     115.9                          99.3
                        EBITDA                                                                                                       516.5                         464.3
                                Rental expense                                                                                       293.6                         280.4
                        EBITDAR                                                                                                      810.1                         744.7
                                Net finance costs                                                                                      5.5                           8.1
                                Rental expense                                                                                       293.6                         280.4
                        Fixed charges                                                                                                299.1                         288.5
                        Fixed charge cover ratio                                                                                      2.71                          2.58
                        Net debt to EBITDA ratio(1)                                                                                 (0.37)                        (0.03)
                        (1) Normalised net debt (pre-AASB 16 Leases) is positive $192.3m (2022: positive $31.1m).



                        (i)        Loan Covenants
                        Financial covenants are provided by Super Retail Group with respect to leverage, gearing, fixed charges coverage and shareholder funds. The
                        Group has complied with the financial covenants of its borrowing facilities during the 2023 and 2022 financial years. There are no assets
                        pledged as security in relation to the unsecured debt in the 2023 financial year (2022: nil).
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                          136
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                          136

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        23.       Capital management (continued)

                        (b)       Dividends                                                                                                  2023             2022
                                                                                                                                              $m               $m
                        Ordinary shares
                        Dividends paid by Super Retail Group Limited during the financial year were as follows:

                        Final dividend for the period ended 2 July 2022 of 43.0 cents per share (2021: 55.0 cents per
                        share) paid on 17 October 2022. Fully franked based on tax paid at 30%                                               97.1             124.2

                        Interim dividend for the period ended 31 December 2022 of 34.0 cents (2021: 27.0 cents per
                        share) paid on 14 April 2023. Fully franked based on tax paid at 30%                                                 76.8              61.0
                        Total dividends provided and paid                                                                                173.9                185.2

                        Dividends paid in cash or satisfied by the issue of shares under the dividend reinvestment plan




For personal use only
                        were as follows:
                         - paid in cash                                                                                                  170.3                181.8
                         - satisfied by allocation of shares purchased on market                                                           3.6                  3.4
                                                                                                                                         173.9                185.2
                        Dividends not recognised at year end
                        Subsequent to year end, the Directors have resolved to pay a final dividend of 44.0 cents per
                        ordinary share (2022: 43.0 cents per ordinary share) and a special dividend of 25.0 cents per
                        ordinary share, both fully franked based on tax paid at 30%.
                        Aggregate amount of the final and special dividend expected to be paid on 18 October 2023, out of
                        retained profits as at 1 July 2023, but not recognised as a liability at year end                                155.8                 97.1


                        Franking credits
                        The franked portions of dividends paid after 1 July 2023 will be franked out of existing franking
                        credits and out of franking credits arising from the payments of income tax in the years ending after
                        1 July 2023.
                        Franking credits remaining at balance date available for dividends resolved to be paid after the
                        current balance date based on a tax rate of 30%                                                                  252.4                252.4


                        The above amounts represent the balance of the franking account as at the end of the financial year, adjusted for:
                        - franking credits that will arise from the payment of the current tax liability

                        The amount recorded above as the franking credit amount is based on the amount of Australian income tax paid or to be paid in respect of
                        the liability for income tax at the balance date.

                        The impact on the franking account of the dividends determined by the Board since year end will be a reduction of $66.8 million (2022: $41.6
                        million). These dividends have not been recognised as a liability at year end.


                        Significant Accounting Policies
                        Dividend distribution
                        Provision is made for the amount of any dividend determined, being appropriately authorised and no longer at the discretion of the
                        Group, on or before the end of the financial year but not distributed at balance date.
                        137                                                                               SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23
                        137                                                                            SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        24.        Related party transactions

                        Transactions with related parties are at arm’s length unless otherwise stated.

                        (a)      Parent entities
                        The parent entity within the Group is Super Retail Group Limited, which is the ultimate Australian parent.

                        (b)        Subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures
                        Interests in subsidiaries are set out in Note 28 – Investments in controlled entities. Details on associates and joint ventures can be found at
                        Note 25(b) – Business combinations.

                        (c)       Key Management Personnel
                        Disclosures relating to key management personnel are set out in Note 29 – Key management personnel disclosures.

                        (d)      Directors
                        The names of the persons who were Directors of Super Retail Group Limited during the financial year were Sally Pitkin AO, Anthony Heraghty,




For personal use only
                        Annabelle Chaplain AM, Peter Everingham, Howard Mowlem, Mark O’Hare, Reg Rowe and Judith Swales.

                        (e)       Amounts due from related parties
                        There are no amounts due from Directors of the consolidated Group and their director-related entities (2022: nil).

                        (f)        Transactions with other related parties
                                                                                                                                                   2023                    2022
                          Aggregate amounts included in the determination of profit from ordinary activities before                                   $                       $
                          income tax that resulted from transactions with related parties:

                          Store lease payment(1)                                                                                              9,357,875             10,477,402
                        (1) Rent on properties, with rates which are deemed to be on an arm's-length basis.Rent payable at year-end, which has been included, was $636,283 (2022:
                        nil). The current reporting period represents 52 weeks, whereas the comparative period represented 53 weeks.



                        25.        Business combinations

                        (a)        Subsidiaries

                        2023
                        The Group’s subsidiaries at 1 July 2023 are as detailed in Note 28 - Investments in controlled entities. There have been no change to the
                        Group’s ownership interests in these entities during the current reporting period, other than Infinite Retail NZ Limited ceasing to be a Group
                        entity upon its deregistration on 21 December 2022.

                        2022
                        There were no changes to the Group’s subsidiaries during FY22.

                        (b)        Associates and joint ventures

                        Autoguru Australia Pty Ltd
                        On 30 December 2022, the Group completed the sale of all its shares in Autoguru Australia Pty Ltd, taking the Group’s ownership interest to
                        nil from 38.29 per cent (as at 2 July 2022). Net proceeds received from the sale totalled $1.8 million. During FY22, the Group considered the
                        investment in Autoguru to be impaired and as such a loss of $5.7 million was recognised within administration costs in the Group’s
                        consolidated income statement. The resulting gain in the current reporting period resulting from the sale of the Group’s ownership interest
                        has also been recognised within administration costs in the Group’s consolidated income statement.

                        Autocrew Australia Pty Ltd
                        During FY22, the Group, in conjunction with Robert Bosch Investment Nederland B.V., wound up the Group’s 50:50 joint venture, Autocrew
                        Australia Pty Ltd. Autocrew Australia Pty Ltd was deregistered on 14 August 2022, taking the Group’s ownership interest to nil from 50 per
                        cent (as at 2 July 2022).

                        (c)        Other transactions

                        On 16 December 2022, the Group completed the acquisition of the assets of two Tackleworld stores from iFish Pty Ltd and Reef Paw Pty Ltd
                        respectively. Total consideration paid for the assets of the two businesses totalled $0.8 million. On the date of acquisition, plant and
                        equipment acquired in the asset purchase had a fair value of nil. Total goodwill arising on acquisition was therefore $0.8 million. Cash outflow
                        as recognised in the Group’s consolidated statement of cashflows was $0.8 million.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                             138
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                             138

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        26.       Deed of cross guarantee

                        Super Retail Group Limited, A-Mart All Sports Pty Ltd, Auto Trade Direct Pty Ltd, Coyote Retail Pty Limited, Foghorn Holdings Pty Ltd, Goldcross
                        Cycles Pty Ltd, Infinite Retail Pty Ltd, Macpac Holdings Pty Ltd, Macpac Retail Pty Ltd, Mouton Noir Management Pty Ltd, MP Finco Pty Limited,
                        Macpac Group Holdings Pty Limited, Oceania Bicycles Pty Ltd, Ray’s Outdoors Pty Ltd, Rebel Pty Ltd, Rebel Group Limited, Rebel Management
                        Services Pty Limited, Rebel Sport Limited, Rebel Wholesale Pty Limited, Rebelsport.com Pty Limited, SRG Equity Plan Pty Ltd, SRG Leisure
                        Retail Pty Ltd, SRGS Pty Ltd, Supercheap Auto Pty Ltd, Super Retail Commercial Pty Ltd, Super Retail Group Services Pty Ltd and Workout
                        World Pty Ltd are parties to a Deed of Cross Guarantee under which each company guarantees the debts of the others. By entering into the
                        Deed, the wholly-owned entities have been relieved from the requirement to prepare a financial report and Directors’ report under ASIC
                        Corporations (Wholly-owned Companies) Instrument 2016/785 issued by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission.

                        (a)       Consolidated Comprehensive Income Statement and Summary of Movements in Consolidated Retained Earnings

                        The above companies represent a Closed Group for the purposes of the Class Order, and as there are no other parties to the Deed of Cross
                        Guarantee that are controlled by Super Retail Group Limited, they also represent the Extended Closed Group.

                        Set out below is a consolidated comprehensive income statement and a summary of movements in consolidated retained earnings for the




For personal use only
                        period ended 1 July 2023 of the Closed Group.
                                                                                                                             2023                  2022
                        Consolidated Comprehensive Income Statement                                                            $m                    $m
                        Revenue from continuing operations                                                                3,543.7                3,317.6
                        Other income from continuing operations                                                               17.9                   0.4
                        Total revenues and other income                                                                               3,561.6                3,318.0

                        Cost of sales of goods                                                                                      (1,907.0)              (1,768.6)
                        Other expenses from ordinary activities
                         - selling and distribution                                                                                   (448.6)                (434.1)
                         - marketing                                                                                                   (96.9)                 (91.7)
                         - occupancy                                                                                                  (221.5)                (223.2)
                         - administration                                                                                             (482.3)                (430.3)
                        Net finance costs                                                                                              (45.1)                 (45.0)
                        Share of net loss of associates and joint ventures                                                                   -                  (0.4)
                        Total expenses                                                                                              (3,201.4)              (2,993.3)
                        Profit before income tax                                                                                        360.2                 324.7
                        Income tax expense                                                                                            (107.0)                 (99.5)
                        Profit for the period                                                                                           253.2                 225.2

                        Statement of comprehensive income                                                                                 $m                     $m
                        Profit for the period                                                                                           253.2                  225.2
                        Other comprehensive income
                        Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
                        Changes in the fair value of cash flow hedges                                                                    (6.5)                   5.8
                        Other comprehensive income for the period, net of tax                                                            (6.5)                   5.8
                        Total comprehensive income for the period                                                                       246.7                  231.0



                        Summary of movements in consolidated retained earnings                                                            $m                     $m
                        Retained profits at the beginning of the financial period                                                       577.4                  537.4
                        Profit for the period                                                                                           253.2                  225.2
                        Dividends paid                                                                                                (173.9)                (185.2)
                        Retained profits at the end of the financial period                                                             656.7                  577.4
                        139                                                                       SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23
                        139                                                                    SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        26.        Deed of cross guarantee (continued)

                        (b)        Consolidated Balance Sheet

                        Set out below is a consolidated balance sheet as at 1 July 2023 of the Closed Group.

                        ASSETS                                                                                              2023          2022
                        Current assets                                                                                       $m             $m
                        Cash and cash equivalents                                                                          175.8            6.9
                        Trade and other receivables                                                                         52.0           44.9
                        Inventories                                                                                        722.5          732.4
                        Derivative financial instruments                                                                     2.7           11.9
                        Total current assets                                                                               953.0          796.1

                        Non-current assets




For personal use only
                        Other financial assets                                                                             190.5          190.5
                        Deferred tax assets                                                                                    -           14.5
                        Property, plant and equipment                                                                      250.6          218.6
                        Right-of-use assets                                                                                894.2          870.0
                        Intangible assets                                                                                  779.0          798.4
                        Total non-current assets                                                                         2,114.3         2,092.0
                        Total assets                                                                                     3,067.3         2,888.1

                        LIABILITIES
                        Current liabilities
                        Trade and other payables                                                                           490.3          443.9
                        Lease liabilities                                                                                  165.0          180.8
                        Current tax liabilities                                                                             24.5           18.6
                        Provisions                                                                                          99.8           92.3
                        Total current liabilities                                                                          779.6          735.6

                        Non-current liabilities
                        Lease liabilities                                                                                  816.9          774.5
                        Deferred tax liabilities                                                                            24.7              -
                        Provisions                                                                                          38.3           38.0
                        Total non-current liabilities                                                                      879.9          812.5
                        Total liabilities                                                                                1,659.5         1,548.1


                        NET ASSETS                                                                                       1,407.8         1,340.0

                        EQUITY
                        Contributed equity                                                                                 740.7          740.7
                        Other equity                                                                                        (3.8)             -
                        Reserves                                                                                            14.2           21.9
                        Retained profits                                                                                   656.7          577.4
                        TOTAL EQUITY                                                                                     1,407.8         1,340.0
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                           140
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                           140

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        27.         Parent entity financial information

                        The individual financial statements for the parent entity show the following aggregate amounts:
                                                                                                                                        2023                   2022
                                                                                                                                         $m                     $m
                        Balance Sheet
                        Current assets                                                                                                  345.6                  264.0
                        Total assets                                                                                                  1,154.9                1,070.1


                        Current liabilities                                                                                              26.7                   24.8
                        Total liabilities                                                                                                27.0                   25.0


                        NET ASSETS                                                                                                    1,127.9                1,045.1




For personal use only
                        Contributed equity                                                                                              736.9                  740.7
                        Reserves
                        - share-based payments                                                                                           20.9                   22.1
                        Retained earnings                                                                                               370.1                  282.3
                        Total Equity                                                                                                  1,127.9                1,045.1


                        Profit after tax for the period                                                                                 261.7                  176.2
                        Total comprehensive income                                                                                      261.7                  176.2


                          Significant Accounting Policies
                          Parent entity financial information
                          The financial information for the parent entity, Super Retail Group Limited has been prepared on the same basis as the consolidated
                          financial statements, except as set out below.

                          Investments in subsidiaries
                          Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost in the financial statements of Super Retail Group Limited.

                          Tax consolidation legislation
                          Super Retail Group Limited and its wholly-owned Australian controlled entities have implemented the tax consolidation legislation.

                          The head entity, Super Retail Group Limited, and the controlled entities in the tax consolidated group account for current and deferred tax
                          amounts under the “separate taxpayer within group’ approach in accordance with AASB Interpretation 1052, Tax Consolidation Accounting.

                          In addition to its own current and deferred tax amounts, Super Retail Group Limited also recognises the current tax liabilities (or assets)
                          and the deferred tax assets arising from unused tax losses and unused tax credits assumed from controlled entities in the tax consolidated
                          group.

                          The entities have also entered into a tax funding agreement under which the wholly-owned entities fully compensate Super Retail Group
                          Limited for any current tax payable assumed and are compensated by Super Retail Group Limited for any current tax receivable and
                          deferred tax assets relating to unused tax losses or unused tax credits that are transferred to Super Retail Group Limited under the tax
                          consolidation legislation. The funding amounts are determined by reference to the amounts recognised in the wholly-owned entities’
                          financial statements.

                          The amounts receivable/payable under the tax funding agreement are due upon receipt of the funding advice from the head entity, which
                          is issued as soon as practicable after the end of each financial year. The head entity may also require payment of interim funding amounts
                          to assist with its obligations to pay tax instalments.

                          Assets or liabilities arising under tax funding agreements with the tax consolidated entities are recognised as current amounts receivable
                          from or payable to other entities in the Group. Any difference between the amounts assumed and amounts receivable or payable under
                          the tax funding agreement are recognised as a contribution to (or distribution from) wholly-owned tax consolidated entities.

                          Financial guarantees
                          Where the parent entity has provided financial guarantees in relation to loans and payables of subsidiaries for no compensation, the fair
                          values of these guarantees are accounted for as contributions and recognised as part of the cost of the investment.
                        141                                                                              SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23
                        141                                                                           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        28.         Investments in controlled entities

                        The Group’s subsidiaries at 1 July 2023 are set out below. Unless otherwise stated, they have share capital consisting of ordinary shares that
                        are held directly by the Group, and the proportion of ownership interests held equals the voting rights held by the Group. The country of
                        incorporation is also their principal place of business.
                                                                                                                                                      Equity Holding
                                                                                       Country of                                                   2023       2022
                          Name of Entity                                             Incorporation                Principal Activities                %          %
                          A-Mart All Sports Pty Ltd(1)                                  Australia                    Sports retail                   100        100
                          Auto Trade Direct (NZ) Limited                                   New Zealand                          Auto retail                    100          100
                          Auto Trade Direct Pty Ltd(1)                                      Australia                           Auto retail                    100          100
                          BCF New Zealand Limited                                          New Zealand                        Outdoor retail                   100          100
                          Coyote Retail Pty Limited(1)                                      Australia                          Sports retail                   100          100
                          Foghorn Holdings Pty Ltd(1)                                       Australia                          Sports retail                   100          100
                          Goldcross Cycles Pty Ltd(1)                                       Australia                          Sports retail                   100          100




For personal use only
                          Infinite Retail Pty Ltd(1)                                        Australia                          Sports retail                   100          100
                          Infinite Retail UK Limited(2)                                  United Kingdom                        Sports retail                   100          100
                          Macpac Enterprise                                                New Zealand                        Outdoor retail                   100          100
                          Macpac Group Holdings Pty Limited(1)                              Australia                         Outdoor retail                   100          100
                          Macpac Holdings Pty Ltd(1)                                        Australia                         Outdoor retail                   100          100
                          Macpac Limited                                                   New Zealand                        Outdoor retail                   100          100
                          Macpac New Zealand Limited                                       New Zealand                        Outdoor retail                   100          100
                          Macpac Retail Pty Ltd(1)                                          Australia                         Outdoor retail                   100          100
                          MP Finco Pty Limited(1)                                           Australia                         Outdoor retail                   100          100
                          Mouton Noir IP Limited                                           New Zealand                        Outdoor retail                   100          100
                          Mouton Noir Management Pty Ltd(1)                                 Australia                         Outdoor retail                   100          100
                          Oceania Bicycles Pty Ltd(1)                                       Australia                          Sports retail                   100          100
                          Oceania Bicycles Limited(3)                                      New Zealand                         Sports retail                   100          100
                          Ray’s Outdoors New Zealand Limited                               New Zealand                        Outdoor retail                   100          100
                          Ray’s Outdoors Pty Ltd(1)                                          Australia                        Outdoor retail                   100          100
                          Rebelsport.com Pty Limited(1)                                      Australia                         Sports retail                   100          100
                          Rebel Group Limited(1)                                             Australia                         Sports retail                   100          100
                          Rebel Management Services Pty Limited(1)                           Australia                         Sports retail                   100          100
                          Rebel Pty Ltd(1)                                                   Australia                         Sports retail                   100          100
                          Rebel Sport Limited(1)                                             Australia                         Sports retail                   100          100
                          Rebel Wholesale Pty Limited(1)                                     Australia                         Sports retail                   100          100
                          SRG Equity Plan Pty Ltd(1)                                         Australia                         Investments                     100          100
                          SRG Leisure Retail Pty Ltd(1)                                     Australia                       Outdoor retail                     100          100
                          SRGS (New Zealand) Limited                                       New Zealand            Product acquisition and distribution         100          100
                          SRGS Pty Ltd(1)                                                   Australia             Product acquisition and distribution         100          100
                          Super Cheap Auto (New Zealand) Pty Limited                       New Zealand                        Auto retail                      100          100
                          Super Cheap Auto Pty Ltd(1)                                       Australia                         Auto retail                      100          100
                          Super Retail Commercial Pty Ltd(1)                                Australia                         Auto retail                      100          100
                          Super Retail Group Services (New Zealand) Limited                New Zealand                      Support services                   100          100
                          Super Retail Group Services Pty Ltd(1)                            Australia                       Support services                   100          100
                          Super Retail Group Trading (Shanghai) Ltd                           China                         Product sourcing                   100          100
                          VBM Retail (HK) Limited(2)                                        Hong Kong                         Sports retail                    100          100
                          Infinite Retail NZ Limited(4)                                    New Zealand                        Sports retail                     -           100
                          Workout World Pty Limited(1)                                       Australia                        Sports retail                    100          100
                        (1) These controlled entities have been granted relief from the requirement to prepare financial reports in accordance with ASIC Corporations (Wholly-owned

                          Companies) Instrument 2016/785 issued by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission.
                        (2) Investment is held directly by Infinite Retail Pty Ltd.
                        (3) Investment is held directly by Oceania Bicycles Pty Ltd.
                        (4) Ceased to be a Group entity upon deregistration on 21 December 2022.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                                      142
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                                      142

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        29.         Key Management Personnel disclosures
                        (a)         Key Management Personnel compensation                                                                               2023              2022
                                                                                                                                                           $                  $
                        Short-term employee benefits                                                                                               8,814,960          8,925,373
                        Long-term employee benefits                                                                                                   56,838             55,449
                        Post-employment benefits                                                                                                     210,917            632,552
                        Share-based payments                                                                                                       4,215,298          4,195,047
                                                                                                                                                  13,298,013        13,808,421
                        The key management personnel remuneration in some instances has been paid by a subsidiary.

                        Loans to key management personnel
                        There were no loans to individuals at any time.

                        Other transactions with key management personnel
                        Aggregate amounts of each of the above types of other transactions with key management personnel of Super Retail Group:




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                    2023                                  2022
                        Amounts paid to key management personnel as shareholders                                                         $                                    $
                        Dividends                                                                                             30,120,988                             56,509,512

                        30.         Share-based payments
                        (a)         Executive Performance Rights

                        The Company has established the Super Retail Group Employee Equity Incentive Plan (the EIP) to assist in the retention and motivation of
                        executives of the Group (Participants). It is intended that performance rights will enable the Group to retain and attract skilled and
                        experienced executives and provide them with the motivation to enhance the success of the Group.

                        Under the Long-Term Incentive (LTI) Plan, performance rights may be offered to Participants selected by the Board. Unless otherwise
                        determined by the Board, no payment is required for the grant of rights under the plan.

                        The vesting conditions are based on Board-approved measures of sustainable shareholder returns such as Normalised Earnings Per Share
                        (EPS) and Normalised Return on Capital (ROC). Historically the LTI Plan has used a combination of Normalised EPS and Normalised ROC which
                        the Board determined are appropriate measures of sustainable shareholder returns. In the context of COVID-19 and the challenges of
                        forecasting the impact on the business, the Board established a two-year Medium Term Business Plan (MTBP), with targets for Normalised
                        ROC and Normalised Net Profit Before Tax (NPBT) linked to the FY21 grant and covering LTI reward for both FY21 and FY22. Certain senior
                        team members (excluding the Executive Leadership Team) were granted performance rights during FY22 on 3 November 2021. These
                        performance rights included a target for Normalised Net Profit Before Tax with a 100 per cent weighting and are based on the performance
                        of FY23 at full achievement. These vest from the year of testing over two years at 50 per cent per year.

                        A total of 790,611 performance rights were granted in FY23 to plan participants on 4 November 2022. This grant reverts to historical
                        performance measures for testing using a combination of Normalised EPS and Normalised ROC as appropriate measures of sustainable
                        shareholder returns. This plan will be tested over the three-year period to the end of FY25 and will vest from the year of testing over two
                        years at 50 per cent per year.

                        The table below summarises performance rights granted under the plan.
                         Number of Performance Rights                   Balance at start          Granted during         Exercised during     Forfeited during    Balance at the
                         Grant Date                                         of the year                 the year                 the year             the year   end of the year
                         2023                                                (Number)                  (Number)                 (Number)             (Number)       (Number) (1)
                         1 September 2016                                        11,308                        -                        -             (11,308)                 -
                         1 September 2017                                        46,323                        -                 (38,123)              (8,200)                 -
                         1 September 2018                                      158,478                         -                 (79,235)              (5,000)            74,243
                         1 September 2019                                      598,765                         -                (289,931)             (22,522)          286,312
                         1 November 2020                                     1,067,355                         -                (355,770)              (3,000)          708,585
                         3 November 2021                                       176,250                         -                        -              (3,740)          172,510
                         4 November 2022                                               -                 790,611                        -              (5,121)          785,490
                                                                             2,058,479                   790,611                (763,059)             (58,891)        2,027,140
                         2022
                         1 September 2016                                         73,546                         -                 (61,271)             (967)            11,308
                         1 September 2017                                         89,240                         -                 (40,035)           (2,882)            46,323
                         1 September 2018                                        336,944                         -                (165,970)          (12,496)           158,478
                         1 September 2019                                        656,963                         -                 (26,631)          (31,567)           598,765
                         1 November 2020                                       1,116,783                         -                        -          (49,428)         1,067,355
                         3 November 2021                                               -                   185,997                        -           (9,747)           176,250
                                                                               2,273,476                   185,997                (293,907)         (107,087)         2,058,479
                        (1) All performance rights as at the end of the year are unvested and the exercise price for all grants is nil.
                        143                                                                         SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23
                        143                                                                      SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        30.         Share-based payments (continued)

                        (a)         Executive Performance Rights (continued)

                        Performance rights issued under the plan may not be transferred unless approved by the Board. There were no cancellations or modifications
                        to awards during the current or prior reporting period.

                        Subject to any adjustment in the event of a bonus issue, each Performance Right is an entitlement to subscribe for one share. Upon the
                        exercise of a Performance Right by a Participant, each share issued or allocated will rank equally with other shares of the Company.

                        The weighted average remaining contractual life of performance rights outstanding as at the end of the period was 1.5 years (2022: 1.1 years).

                        Fair value of performance rights granted
                        For performance rights, the fair value at grant date is determined using a Black-Scholes option pricing model that takes into account the
                        exercise price (nil for rights), the term of the performance rights, the vesting and performance criteria, the impact of dilution, the share price
                        at grant date and expected price volatility of the underlying share, the expected dividend yield and the risk-free interest rate for the term of




For personal use only
                        the performance rights. The expected volatility reflects historical data and current expectations and is not indicative of future trends or other
                        actual outcome. Non-market vesting conditions such as service are excluded from fair value. The fair values and model inputs for
                        performance rights granted during the period included:

                                                                                                                                               2023 Performance Rights
                         Fair value of performance rights granted                                                                                                $7.88
                         Grant date                                                                                                                   4 November 2022
                         Expiry dates                                                                                                           4 Nov 2025, 4 Nov 2026
                         Share price at grant date                                                                                                              $10.04
                         Expected price volatility of the Group’s shares                                                                                          7.5%
                         Expected dividend yield                                                                                                                 6.97%
                         Risk-free interest rate                                                                                                                 3.43%

                        (b)         Restricted shares – Executive short-term incentive scheme

                        Under the Group’s short-term incentive (STI) scheme, Executives receive 70 per cent of their annual STI achieved in cash and 30 per cent in
                        the form of restricted shares in the Company. The restricted shares are granted in September of each year following the release of the
                        Group’s financial results by on-market purchase. Restricted shares are ordinary shares in the Company which are subject to certain time-
                        based restrictions on disposal and vesting. As the shares are ordinary shares the Executives receive dividends and each share ranks equally
                        with other shares of the Company.

                        The number of shares to be granted is determined based on the value of the achieved STI divided by the weighted average price at which the
                        Company’s shares are traded on the ASX in the five days following the release of the Group’s financial results ($10.25 for the rights granted
                        during FY23 and $12.53 for the rights granted in FY22) and represents the accounting fair value. The expense is recognised over the period
                        during which the Executives become unconditionally entitled to the shares.

                        The table below summarises restricted shares granted under the plan.
                                                                                                                                           2023                   2022
                                                                                                                                Number of shares       Number of shares
                        Balance at the beginning of the reporting period                                                                157,112                  83,141
                        Granted during the year                                                                                         161,290                129,567
                        Vested during the year(1)                                                                                          (92,327)              (55,596)
                        Balance at the end of the reporting period                                                                         226,075               157,112
                        (1) Vesting of restricted shares refers to restrictions being lifted.



                        The weighted average remaining contractual life of restricted shares outstanding as at the end of the period was 0.5 years (2022: 0.6 years).

                        (c)         Expenses arising from equity-settled share-based payments transactions
                                                                                                                                             2023                   2022
                                                                                                                                              $m                     $m
                        Executive performance rights                                                                                          4.4                     6.1
                        Restricted shares                                                                                                     3.2                     0.8
                                                                                                                                              7.6                     6.9
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                                                     144
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                                                     144

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        30.         Share-based payments (continued)

                          Significant Accounting Policies
                          Share-based payments
                          Share-based compensation benefits are provided to certain employees via the Super Retail Group Employee Equity Incentive Plan.

                          The fair value of performance rights granted under the plan are recognised as an employee benefit expense with a corresponding increase
                          in equity. The fair value is measured at grant date and recognised over the period during which the employees become unconditionally
                          entitled to the performance rights.

                          The fair value of the performance rights granted excludes the impact of any non-market vesting conditions (for example, profitability and
                          sales growth targets). Non-market vesting conditions are included in assumptions about the number of performance rights that are
                          expected to become exercisable. At each balance sheet date, the Group revises its estimate of the number of performance rights that are
                          expected to become exercisable. The employee benefit expense recognised each period takes into account the most recent estimate.

                          Upon exercise of the performance rights, the balance of the share-based payments reserve relating to those performance rights remains




For personal use only
                          in the share-based payments reserve.



                        31.         Remuneration of auditors

                        During the period the following fees were paid or payable for services provided by the auditor of the parent entity, its related practices and
                        non-related audit firms.
                                                                                                                                         2023                     2022
                                                                                                                                               $                      $
                        (a)       PricewaterhouseCoopers Australia
                        (i)       Assurance services
                        Audit and review of financial statements(1)                                                                   803,000                  775,740
                        Other assurance                                                                                                        -                       -
                        Total remuneration for audit and other assurance services                                                                       803,000                    775,740
                        (ii)     Taxation services
                        Tax compliance services, including review of Company income tax returns                                                         236,525                    267,356
                        Total remuneration for taxation services                                                                                        236,525                    267,356
                        (iii)     Other services
                        Advisory services                                                                                                               500,854                     88,511
                        Total remuneration for advisory services                                                                                        500,854                     88,511
                        Total remuneration of PricewaterhouseCoopers Australia                                                                        1,540,379                  1,131,607


                        (b)      Network firms of PricewaterhouseCoopers Australia
                        (i)      Taxation services
                        Tax compliance services, including review of Company income tax returns                                                           31,290                    25,237
                        Total remuneration of network firms of PricewaterhouseCoopers Australia                                                           31,290                    25,237


                        Total auditors’ remuneration                                                                                                  1,571,669                  1,156,844
                        (1) The fees in relation to the audit and review of the FY22 Financial Statements have been restated to reflect the total fees paid in relation to that period.



                        The Group’s auditor is PricewaterhouseCoopers. The Group may employ PricewaterhouseCoopers on assignments additional to their
                        statutory audit duties where PricewaterhouseCoopers’ expertise and experience with the Group are important. These assignments are
                        principally tax advice, or where the auditor is awarded assignments on a competitive basis. It is the Group’s policy to seek competitive tenders
                        for all major consulting projects. The Board has considered the non-audit services provided during the year by the auditor, and in accordance
                        with written advice provided by resolution of the Audit and Risk Committee, is satisfied that the provision of those non-audit services during
                        the year by the auditor is compatible with, and did not compromise, the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act.
                        145                                                                         SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23
                        145                                                                      SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23

                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        32.       Contingencies
                                                                                                                                             2023                  2022
                                                                                                                                              $m                    $m
                        Guarantees
                        Guarantees issued by the bankers of the Group in support of various rental
                        and inventory arrangements.
                        The maximum future rental payments guaranteed amount to:                                                               4.3                   4.7
                        The maximum future inventory payments guaranteed amount to:                                                            2.2                   1.7

                        Other Contingencies
                        On 19 January 2023, the FWO filed proceedings in the Federal Court of Australia against the Company and certain of its subsidiaries, seeking
                        orders in relation to alleged contraventions of the Fair Work Act (refer Note 16 – Provisions). Further amounts may become payable as a
                        result of these legal proceedings. Future professional advisory fees will be incurred in connection with these proceedings.

                        From time to time the Group is subject to legal claims as a result of its operations. A contingent liability may exist for any exposure over and




For personal use only
                        above current provisioning levels.


                        33.       Commitments

                        Commitments payable for the acquisition of plant and equipment and computer software, contracted for at the reporting date but not
                        recognised as liabilities payable, total $43.7 million as at 1 July 2023 (2022: $4.7 million).

                        The Group leases various offices, warehouses and retail stores under non-cancellable operating leases. These leases have varying terms,
                        escalation clauses and renewal rights. The Group has recognised right-of-use assets for these leases, except for short-term and low-value
                        leases. Refer Note 12 - Leases for details of Property right-of-use assets and Note 22 – Financial risk management for details of the contractual
                        maturities of the lease liabilities.


                        34.       Net tangible asset backing                                                                                 2023                  2022
                                                                                                                                            Cents                 Cents
                        Net tangible asset per ordinary share                                                                               $2.64                 $2.21

                        Net tangible asset per ordinary share (NTA) is calculated based on Net Assets of $1,367.6 million (2022: $1,289.0 million) less intangible assets
                        of $846.4 million (2022: $866.0 million) adjusted for the associated deferred tax liability of $75.3 million (2022: $75.3 million). The number
                        of shares used in the calculation was 225,826,500 (2022: 225,826,500).

                        The NTA calculation includes the right-of-use assets in respect of property, plant and equipment leases of $944.4 million (2022: $923.7
                        million), and the lease liabilities recognised under AASB 16 Leases of $1,035.0 million (2022: $1,010.7 million). If the right-of-use assets and
                        associated deferred tax liability were excluded from the calculation, the NTA would have been negative $0.30 per ordinary share (2022:
                        negative $0.67).


                        35.       Events occurring after balance date

                        There were no material events subsequent to 1 July 2023 and up to authorisation of the financial statements for issue, requiring a disclosure
                        in this Annual Report, other than those that have been disclosed elsewhere in this report.
                        146                                                                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                          146

                        DIRECTORS’ DECLARATION

                        In the Directors’ opinion:
                        (a)     the financial statements and notes set out on pages 93 to 145 are in accordance with the Corporations Act, including:
                                (i)     complying with Accounting Standards, the Corporations Regulations 2001 and other mandatory professional reporting
                                        requirements; and
                                (ii)    giving a true and fair view of the consolidated entity's financial position as at 1 July 2023 and of its performance for the
                                        financial year ended on that date; and
                        (b)     there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they become due and payable;
                                and
                        (c)     at the date of this declaration, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the members of the Extended Closed Group identified in
                                Note 26 will be able to meet any obligations or liabilities to which they are, or may become, subject by virtue of the deed of cross
                                guarantee described in Note 26.

                        Note 2(a) confirms that the financial statements also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International
                        Accounting Standards Board.

                        The Directors have been given the declarations by the Group Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer
                        required by section 295A of the Corporations Act.




For personal use only
                        This declaration is made in accordance with a resolution of the Directors.




                        Sally Pitkin AO                                                       Anthony Heraghty
                        Chair                                                                 Group Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer


                        Brisbane
                        17 August 2023
                         147
                        147                                                              SUPER
                                                                                      SUPER    RETAIL
                                                                                            RETAIL    GROUP
                                                                                                   GROUP    LIMITED
                                                                                                         LIMITED    ANNUAL
                                                                                                                  ANNUAL   REPORTFY23
                                                                                                                         REPORT   FY23




                               Independent auditor’s report
                               To the members of Super Retail Group Limited

                               Report on the audit of the financial report

                               Our opinion
                               In our opinion:
                               The accompanying financial report of Super Retail Group Limited (the Company) and its controlled




For personal use only
                               entities (together the Group) is in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:
                                   (a) giving a true and fair view of the Group's financial position as at 1 July 2023 and of its financial
                                       performance for the period 3 July 2022 to 1 July 2023
                                   (b) complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.

                               What we have audited
                               The Group financial report comprises:
                               ●       the consolidated balance sheet as at 1 July 2023
                               ●       the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the period 3 July 2022 to 1 July 2023
                               ●       the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the period 3 July 2022 to 1 July 2023
                               ●       the consolidated statement of cash flows for the period 3 July 2022 to 1 July 2023
                               ●       the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include significant accounting policies
                                       and other explanatory information
                               ●       the directors’ declaration.

                               Basis for opinion
                               We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under
                               those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial
                               report section of our report.

                               We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
                               for our opinion.

                               Independence
                               We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor independence requirements of the
                               Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional & Ethical
                               Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including Independence
                               Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of the financial report in Australia. We have also
                               fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.




                               PricewaterhouseCoopers, ABN 52 780 433 757
                               480 Queen Street, BRISBANE QLD 4000, GPO Box 150, BRISBANE QLD 4001
                               T: +61 7 3257 5000, F: +61 7 3257 5999

                               Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
                        SUPER
                        SUPER RETAIL
                              RETAILGROUP
                                     GROUPLIMITED
                                           LIMITEDANNUAL
                                                   ANNUALREPORT FY23
                                                           REPORT FY23                                                           148
                                                                                                                                 148




                                Our audit approach
                                An audit is designed to provide reasonable assurance about whether the financial report is free from
                                material misstatement. Misstatements may arise due to fraud or error. They are considered material if
                                individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of
                                users taken on the basis of the financial report.

                                We tailored the scope of our audit to ensure that we performed enough work to be able to give an
                                opinion on the financial report as a whole, taking into account the geographic and management
                                structure of the Group, its accounting processes and controls and the industry in which it operates.




For personal use only
                                 Materiality


                                   ●   For the purpose of our audit we used overall Group materiality of $19 million, which
                                       represents approximately 5% of the Group’s profit before tax.
                                   ●   We applied this threshold, together with qualitative considerations, to determine the scope of
                                       our audit and the nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures and to evaluate the effect
                                       of misstatements on the financial report as a whole.
                                   ●   We chose Group profit before tax because, in our view, it is the benchmark against which the
                                       performance of the Group is most commonly measured.
                                   ●   We utilised a 5% threshold based on our professional judgement, noting it is within the range
                                       of commonly acceptable thresholds.


                                 Audit Scope


                                   ●   Our audit focused on where the Group made subjective judgements; for example, significant
                                       accounting estimates involving assumptions and inherently uncertain future events.
                         149
                        149                                                        SUPER
                                                                                SUPER    RETAIL
                                                                                      RETAIL    GROUP
                                                                                             GROUP    LIMITED
                                                                                                   LIMITED    ANNUAL
                                                                                                            ANNUAL   REPORTFY23
                                                                                                                   REPORT   FY23




                               Key audit matters
                               Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in
                               our audit of the financial report for the current period. The key audit matters were addressed in the
                               context of our audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do
                               not provide a separate opinion on these matters. Further, any commentary on the outcomes of a
                               particular audit procedure is made in that context.

                               Key audit matter                                         How our audit addressed the key audit matter




For personal use only
                               Carrying value of Goodwill ($527.4m) and Brand           Our audit procedures included the following:
                               names ($253.3m)
                               (Refer to note 11)                                      ● Developed an understanding of the key controls
                                                                                         associated with the preparation of the discounted
                               Goodwill is allocated to the Group’s cash generating
                                                                                         cash flow models used to assess the recoverable
                               units (CGUs) which are consistent with the Group’s
                               segments. During the annual review for impairment,        amount of the Group’s cash generating units (the
                               the Group determined the recoverable amount for           impairment models)
                               each CGU using discounted cash flow models which
                               rely on significant assumptions and estimates of        ● Tested the mathematical accuracy of the discounted
                               future trading performance.                               cash flow models
                               The carrying value of goodwill and brand names was
                               a key audit matter due to its size and the judgements   ● Assessed whether the allocation of the Group’s
                               involved in estimating the cash flow forecasts.           goodwill and brand assets into cash generating units
                                                                                         (CGUs) was consistent with our knowledge of the
                                                                                         Group’s operations and internal Group reporting

                                                                                       ● Compared the significant assumptions used in the
                                                                                         discounted cash flow models to historical results,
                                                                                         economic and industry forecasts

                                                                                       ● Compared the forecast cash flows used in the
                                                                                         discounted cash flow models to the most up-to-date
                                                                                         budgets and business plans formally approved by
                                                                                         the Board

                                                                                       ● Evaluated the Group’s historical ability to forecast
                                                                                         future cash flows by comparing budgets with
                                                                                         reported actual results

                                                                                       ● Together with PwC valuation experts, assessed
                                                                                         whether the discount rates appropriately reflected
                                                                                         the risks of the CGUs by comparing the discount
                                                                                         rate to market observable inputs
                        SUPER
                        SUPER RETAIL
                              RETAILGROUP
                                     GROUPLIMITED
                                           LIMITEDANNUAL
                                                   ANNUALREPORT FY23
                                                           REPORT FY23                                                                     150
                                                                                                                                           150




                                Key audit matter                                         How our audit addressed the key audit matter



                                                                                        ● Assessed the Group’s consideration of the sensitivity
                                                                                          to a change in key assumptions that either
                                                                                          individually or collectively would be required for
                                                                                          assets to be impaired and considered the likelihood
                                                                                          of such a movement in those key assumptions
                                                                                          arising




For personal use only
                                                                                        ● Evaluated the Group’s assessment that the indefinite
                                                                                          life assumption for brand names remains appropriate
                                                                                          at period end

                                                                                        ● Evaluated the reasonableness of the disclosures
                                                                                          made in note 11, including those regarding the key
                                                                                          assumptions and sensitivities to changes in such
                                                                                          assumptions, in light of the requirements of
                                                                                          Australian Accounting Standards


                                Inventory valuation ($788.6m)                            Our audit procedures included the following:
                                (Refer to note 9)

                                The valuation of inventory was a key audit matter       ● Developed an understanding of the key controls
                                because of the judgments involved in estimating the       associated with the costing and valuation of
                                net realisable value of inventory and adjusting           inventory
                                inventory cost for attributable overheads and rebates
                                received.                                               ● Tested the mathematical accuracy of the inventory
                                                                                          provision

                                                                                        ● Assessed the inventory provision using data analysis
                                                                                          techniques to compare the carrying value to the
                                                                                          sales price for each item

                                                                                        ● For a sample of inventory items, agreed the inputs
                                                                                          used in the calculation of the weighted average cost
                                                                                          to supplier invoices

                                                                                        ● Tested the calculation of the weighted average cost

                                                                                        ● Evaluated the Group's methodology for capitalising
                                                                                          overheads and rebates to inventory in light of the
                                                                                          requirements of the Australian Accounting Standards
                         151
                        151                                                       SUPER
                                                                               SUPER    RETAIL
                                                                                     RETAIL    GROUP
                                                                                            GROUP    LIMITED
                                                                                                  LIMITED    ANNUAL
                                                                                                           ANNUAL   REPORTFY23
                                                                                                                  REPORT   FY23




                               Other information
                               The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
                               information included in the annual report for the period 3 July 2022 to 1 July 2023, but does not
                               include the financial report and our auditor’s report thereon.

                               Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and accordingly we do not
                               express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

                               In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information
                               and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial




For personal use only
                               report or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

                               If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of
                               this auditor’s report, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
                               required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

                               Responsibilities of the directors for the financial report
                               The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the financial report that gives a
                               true and fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001
                               and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the
                               financial report that gives a true and fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to
                               fraud or error.

                               In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the ability of the Group to
                               continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the
                               going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
                               operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

                               Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial report
                               Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is
                               free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
                               includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that
                               an audit conducted in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material
                               misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material
                               if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
                               decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial report.

                               A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial report is located at the Auditing
                               and Assurance Standards Board website at:
                               https://www.auasb.gov.au/admin/file/content102/c3/ar1_2020.pdf . This description forms part of our
                               auditor's report.
                        SUPER
                        SUPER RETAIL
                              RETAILGROUP
                                     GROUPLIMITED
                                           LIMITEDANNUAL
                                                   ANNUALREPORT FY23
                                                           REPORT FY23                                                           152
                                                                                                                                 152




                                Report on the remuneration report

                                Our opinion on the remuneration report
                                We have audited the remuneration report included in pages 61 to 91 of the directors’ report for the
                                period 3 July 2022 to 1 July 2023.

                                In our opinion, the remuneration report of Super Retail Group Limited for the period 3 July 2022 to 1
                                July 2023 complies with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.

                                Responsibilities




For personal use only
                                The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the
                                remuneration report in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our responsibility
                                is to express an opinion on the remuneration report, based on our audit conducted in accordance with
                                Australian Auditing Standards.




                                PricewaterhouseCoopers




                                Paddy Carney                                                                                Brisbane
                                Partner                                                                               17 August 2023
                         153                                                                       SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23
                        153                                                                    SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23

                        SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023

                        The information set out in this section is current as at 10 August 2023.
                        Securities exchange listing
                        The ordinary shares of the Company are listed on the Australian Securities Exchange under the ASX code SUL.
                        Shares on issue
                        The Company has 225,826,500 fully paid ordinary shares on issue, held by 19,285 shareholders.
                        Distribution of shareholders
                        The following table shows the distribution of the Company's shareholders by size of shareholding and number of shareholders and shares.

                                                                                                            Ordinary shares
                          Holding                                            Number of shareholders             Number of shares           % of shares on issue
                          1-1,000                                                             11,438                    4,376,537                            1.94
                          1,001 – 5,000                                                             6,443               15,046,686                          6.66




For personal use only
                          5,001 -10,000                                                              920                 6,611,564                          2.93
                          10,001 – 100,000                                                           445                 8,890,275                          3.94
                          100,001 and over                                                            39               190,901,438                         84.53
                          Total                                                                    19,285              225,826,500                        100.00

                        There are 734 shareholders (representing 7,472 ordinary shares) holding less than a marketable parcel of shares.
                        20 largest holders
                        Details of the 20 largest holders of ordinary shares in the Company are as follows:
                                                                                                                              Number of ordinary     % of ordinary
                          Registered holder                                                                                               shares            shares
                          1.      HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited                                                           64,392,536             28.51
                          2.        SCA FT Pty Ltd <THE ROWE FAMILY A/C>                                                              61,490,627             27.23
                          3.        J P Morgan Nominees Australia Pty Limited                                                         20,840,785               9.23
                          4.        Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited                                                                     18,506,387               8.19
                          5.        National Nominees Limited                                                                          5,291,740               2.34
                          6.        BNP Paribas Noms Pty Ltd <DRP>                                                                     5,254,599               2.33
                          7.        Re-Grow Futures Pty Ltd                                                                            3,787,379               1.68
                          8.        Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited <COLONIAL FIRST STATE INV A/C>                                       1,242,432               0.55
                          9.        Santos L Helper Pty Ltd <THE VAN PAASSEN FAMILY A/C>                                                904,246                0.40
                          10.       Ms Tracey Leanne Rowe                                                                               757,126                0.34
                          11.       Ms Tanya Joeann Southam                                                                             648,346                0.29
                          12.       Mr Kenneth Joseph Hall <HALL PARK A/C>                                                              627,143                0.28
                          13.       Ms Jodi Maria Thomas                                                                                625,298                0.28
                          14.       SCCASP Holdings Pty Ltd <H & R SUPER FUND A/C>                                                      612,425                0.27
                          15.       Ms Janene Julie Young                                                                               611,876                0.27
                          16.       Pacific Custodians Pty Limited <SCA MSP EXEMPT TST A/C>                                             564,682                0.25
                          17.       Pacific Custodians Pty Limited <EQUITY PLAN TST A/C>                                                529,001                0.23
                          18.       Pacific Custodians Pty Limited <SUL PLANS CTRL A/C>                                                 436,335                0.19
                          19.       Mr Robert Edward Thorn                                                                              426,665                0.19
                          20.       BNP Paribas Noms Pty Ltd <GLOBAL MARKETS DRP A/C>                                                   332,413                0.15
                          Total for Top 20                                                                                           187,882,041             83.20
                          Total                                                                                                      225,826,500            100.00
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                              154
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                                              154

                        SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023
                        Substantial shareholders
                        The number of voting shares held by substantial shareholders and their associates, as disclosed in substantial holding notices given to the
                        Company in accordance with the Corporations Act, is set out below:
                                                                                     Number of ordinary shares       % of ordinary shares
                            Name                                                                     in notice                  in notice    Date notice received
                            SCA FT Pty Ltd, SCCASP Holdings Pty Ltd, Re-Grow                       65,918,556                      29.189           16 June 2023
                            Futures Pty Ltd, Re-Grow Equities Pty Ltd, TLAR Pty
                            Ltd, Reginald Allen Rowe and Mark John O’Hare
                        Unquoted securities
                        There are 2,027,140 unlisted performance rights on issue under the Company's employee incentive plans, held by 105 holders.
                        Distribution of holders of performance rights
                        The following table shows the distribution of the Company's holders of performance rights and number of holders and performance rights.

                                                                                                           Performance rights




For personal use only
                                                                                                                Number of performance         % of performance
                            Holding                                                Number of holders                             rights          rights on issue
                            1-1,000                                                                    6                            3,532                     0.18
                            1,001 – 5,000                                                             40                          93,247                      4.60
                            5,001 -10,000                                                             19                         137,036                      6.76
                            10,001 – 100,000                                                          35                         883,889                     43.60
                            100,001 and over                                                           5                         909,436                     44.86
                            Total                                                                    105                        2,027,140                  100.00

                        Voting rights
                        At general meetings of the Company, each member holding ordinary shares may vote in person or by proxy, attorney or (if the member is a
                        body corporate) corporate representative. The voting rights attached to ordinary shares are as follows:
                        -       on a show of hands, every person present who is a member or a proxy, attorney or corporate representative of a member has one vote;
                        -       on a poll, every member present in person or by proxy, attorney or corporate representative has one vote for each fully paid ordinary
                                share held by the member; and
                        -       every member who duly lodges a valid direct vote in respect of a resolution has one vote for each fully paid ordinary share held by the
                                member.
                        Performance rights do not carry any voting rights.
                        On-market share acquisitions
                        During FY23, 1,227,275 ordinary shares in the Company were purchased on-market at an average price of $10.89 per share for the purposes
                        of the Company's employee incentive plans.
                        On-market buy back
                        There is no current on-market buy-back of the Company’s shares.
                        Restricted and escrowed securities
                        The Company does not have any restricted securities (as defined in the ASX Listing Rules) or securities subject to voluntary escrow on issue.
                         155                                                                                    SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23
                        155                                                                                 SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23

                        SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION (continued)
                        For the period ended 1 July 2023
                        Shareholder calendar(1)
                          Event                                                                         Date
                          Full-year results announcement                                                17 August 2023
                          Ex-dividend date for final and special dividends                              7 September 2023
                          Record date for final and special dividends                                   8 September 2023
                          DRP election date for final and special dividends                             11 September 2023
                          Payment date for final and special dividends                                  18 October 2023
                          Annual General Meeting                                                        25 October 2023
                          Interim results announcement                                                  22 February 2024
                          Ex-dividend date for interim dividend                                         6 March 2024
                          Record date for interim dividend                                              7 March 2024




For personal use only
                          DRP election date for interim dividend                                        8 March 2024
                          Payment date for interim dividend                                             12 April 2024
                        (1) Dates are subject to change. Changes will be notified to the ASX as required.

                        2023 Annual General Meeting
                        The Company's 2023 AGM will be held at 11.30am (AEST) on Wednesday, 25 October 2023. Details of the meeting will be sent to shareholders
                        separately.
                        Dividend details
                        The Company generally pays a dividend on its fully paid ordinary shares twice a year following the interim and final results announcements.
                        The Board has also resolved to pay a fully franked special dividend of 25.0 cents per share in respect of FY23. The proposed dividend dates
                        for FY24 are in the calendar above.
                        The Company's Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP) remains active. The DRP is optional and offers eligible shareholders the opportunity to
                        acquire fully paid ordinary shares in the Company rather than receiving dividends in cash. A shareholder can elect to participate in or terminate
                        their involvement in the DRP at any time.
                        Shareholder enquiries
                        Shareholders who wish to enquire about their shareholding in the Company may contact the Company’s share registry at:
                        Link Market Services Limited
                        Locked Bag A14
                        South Sydney NSW 1235 Australia
                        Telephone: 1800 170 502 (within Australia)
                                      +61 1800 170 502 (outside Australia)
                        Facsimile:    +61 2 9287 0303
                        Email:        sul@linkmarketservices.com.au
                        Website:      www.linkmarketservices.com.au
                        Shareholders can access their current holding details as well as their transaction history, view dividend statements and payments made,
                        download statements and documents, change their address, update their communication preferences and banking details, and check their
                        tax details online via portfolio login on Link Market Services' Investor Centre at www.linkmarketservices.com.au.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23                                                                    156



                        Glossary
                        Defined term         Definition                           Defined term       Definition
                        $                    Australian dollars, unless           FY23               the financial year ended 1 July
                                             indicated otherwise                                     2023, being the 52-week period
                        AASB                 Australian Accounting                                   from 3 July 2022 to 1 July 2023 (and
                                             Standards Board                                         inclusive of those two dates)

                        AGM                  Annual General Meeting               Group              the Company and its consolidated
                                                                                                     subsidiaries
                        Annual Report        the Company's FY23 Annual Report     Group MD and CEO   Group Managing Director and Chief
                                                                                                     Executive Officer
                        ARC                  Audit and Risk Committee             HRRC               Human Resources and
                                                                                                     Remuneration Committee
                        ASIC                 Australian Securities and
                                                                                  IFRS               International Financial Reporting
                                             Investments Commission
                                                                                                     Standards
                        ASX                  Australian Securities Exchange or
                                                                                  ISSB               International Sustainability
                                             ASX Limited ABN 98 008 624 691
                                                                                                     Standards Board




For personal use only
                                             and the market operated by
                                             ASX Limited                          KMP                Key Management Personnel
                        Board                the Board of Directors of the
                                                                                  KPI                Key Performance Indicator
                                             Company
                        bps                  basis points                         LTI                Long-Term Incentive

                        CAGR                 compound annual growth rate          LTI plan           the Company's Long-Term
                                                                                                     Incentive plan, as described in
                        carparc              the number of registered vehicles                       Section 6 of the Remuneration
                                                                                                     Report
                        CFO                  Chief Financial Officer
                                                                                  MTBP               Medium-Term Business Plan
                        Committee or Board   a committee of the Board
                                                                                  NPBT               net profit before tax
                        Committee
                        Company or Super     Super Retail Group Limited ABN       NPS                Net Promoter Score
                        Retail Group         81 108 676 204
                        Corporations Act     Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)          PBT                profit before tax

                        Directors            the directors of the Company         PwC                PricewaterhouseCoopers

                        DRP                  Dividend Reinvestment Plan           RCMF               Risk and Compliance Management
                                                                                                     Framework
                        EBITDA               earnings before interest, taxes,     rCX                rebel Customer Experience
                                             depreciation, and amortisation
                        EIP                  the Super Retail Group Employee      ROC                return on capital
                                             Equity Incentive Plan
                        ELT                  Executive Leadership Team            SCA                Supercheap Auto

                        EPS                  earnings per share                   Scope 1 and 2      GHG Protocol Corporate Standard
                                                                                  emissions          classifies a company’s Greenhouse
                                                                                                     Gas emissions into ‘scopes’.
                        ESG                  Environmental, Social and
                                                                                                     Scope 1 emissions are direct
                                             Governance
                                                                                                     emissions from owned or controlled
                        EV                   Electric vehicle                                        sources. Scope 2 emissions are
                                                                                                     indirect emissions from the
                        Executive KMP        Key Management Personnel of the                         generation of purchased energy.
                                             Company other than Non-Executive
                                             Directors                            STI                Short-Term Incentive
                        FBT                  Fringe Benefits Tax
                                                                                  STI scheme         the Company's Short-Term Incentive
                                                                                                     scheme, as described in Section 6 of
                        FWO                  Fair Work Ombudsman                                     the Remuneration Report
                        FY22                 the financial year ending 2 July     TCFD               Financial Stability Board's Task
                                             2022, being the 53-week period                          Force on Climate-related Financial
                                             from 27 June 2021 to 2 July 2022                        Disclosures
                                             (and inclusive of those two dates)   TRI                Total Recordable Injury
                        157                   SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY23




                        Corporate Directory

                                              SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED
                                              ABN 81 108 676 204




For personal use only
                                              www.superretailgroup.com.au

                                              Registered Office
                                              6 Coulthards Avenue
                                              STRATHPINE QLD 4500 Australia
                                              Telephone:     +61 7 3482 7900
                                              Facsimile:     +61 7 3205 8522

                                              Company Secretaries
                                              Rebecca Farrell
                                              Amelia Berczelly

                                              Share Registry
                                              Link Market Services
                                              Level 12, 680 George Street
                                              SYDNEY NSW 2000 Australia
                                              Mail to:
                                              Locked Bag A14
                                              SOUTH SYDNEY NSW 1235 Australia

                                              Telephone:    1800 170 502 (within Australia)		
                                                            +61 1800 170 502 (outside Australia)
                                              Facsimile:    +61 2 9287 0303
                                              Email:        sul@linkmarketservices.com.au
                                              www.linkmarketservices.com.au

                                              Auditors
                                              PricewaterhouseCoopers
For personal use only
For personal use only




                        www.superretailgroup.com.au
