For personal use only
                        ASX ANNOUNCEMENT

                        Monday, 21 September 2020

                                                           2020 Annual Report

                        Super Retail Group Limited (ASX:SUL) is pleased to provide its 2020 Annual
                        Report to the market.

                        For further information contact:

                        Investor enquiries:
                        Robert Wruck, Head of Investor Relations
                        Ph.: 0414 521 124
                        E: robert.wruck@superretailgroup.com

                        Media enquiries:
                        Kate Carini, GM Corporate Affairs
                        Ph.: 07 3482 7404
                        E: communications@superretailgroup.com

                        This announcement was authorised for release by the Board of Super Retail
                        Group Limited.
                                        S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D




                                      20 ANNUAL
                                      20 REPORT




For personal use only

               Inspiring you to
               live your passion



                ABN: 81 108 676 204
     2     S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0                                         S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0   3




                                                                                                CONTENTS




For personal use only
                                                                                           4    Chair’s Message

                                                                                           6    CEO’s Message

                                                                                           8    About Us

                                                                                          10    Performance Highlights

                                                                                          12    Our Strategy

                                                                                          14    2020 Events: Testing the Strength of Super Retail Group

                                                                                          16    Our Brands

                                                                                          16       Supercheap Auto

                                                                                          18       rebel

                                                                                          20       BCF

                                                                                          22       Macpac

                                                                                          24    Board of Directors

                                                                                          26    Executive Leadership Team

                                                                                          28    Our Team

                                                                                          30    Directors’ Report

                                                                                          49    Remuneration Report (Audited)

                                                                                          79    Financial Statements

                                                                                          142   Shareholder Information

                                                                                          144   Corporate Directory and Financial Calendar
     4     S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0                                                                                                                                                                           S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0   5




For personal use only
                                                                                          DEAR SHAREHOLDER
                                                                                          The 2020 financial year stands out as the most challenging
                                                                                          in our 16 years as a public company.
                                                                                          For our team members, customers, suppliers and the wider community, the
                                                                                          past 12 months have been extremely testing. A prolonged drought in many
                                                                                          parts of Australia, floods and tragic bushfires devastated many communities.
                                                                                          The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic ignited a health and economic crisis that has
                                                                                          changed the way we live, work and shop.
                                                                                          As with the broader retail sector, Super Retail Group has not been immune
                                                                                          from the repercussions of coronavirus and its economic impact.
                                                                                          However, the Group’s strong fundamentals combined with the extraordinary
                                                                                          commitment and dedication of both our team members and the executive
                                                                                          team in working collaboratively with our partners helped the business navigate
                                                                                          the initial crisis and deliver a resilient financial performance for the year.
                                                                                          The performance of the Group during this difficult period has reinforced
                                                                                          the Board’s confidence in our strategy and demonstrated the importance of
                                                                                          continuing to enhance our omni-retail capabilities.
                                                                                          A sustained focus on executing our strategy and decisive action in response
                                                                                          to the unfolding COVID-19 crisis and material changes in consumer behaviour
                                                                                          were crucial contributors to delivering sustainable outcomes for all of
                                                                                          our stakeholders.
                                                                                          The Group’s financial position and operational performance has supported the
                                                                                          Board’s decision to determine a fully franked final dividend of 19.5 cents per
                                                                                          share. This represents a payout ratio of 55 per cent of underlying net profit

                        Chair’s
                                                                                          after tax for the second half, in line with the Group’s policy.
                                                                                          In its deliberations on shareholder returns, the Board considered a number

                        Message
                                                                                          of factors, including its earlier decision to cancel the interim dividend, the
                                                                                          performance of the business in the second half and the net cash position
                                                                                          on the balance sheet following a successful equity raising in July 2020.
                                                                                          We completed the $203 million equity raising with strong support from retail
                                                                                          and institutional shareholders, including our founder and major shareholder
                                                                                          Reg Rowe.
                                                                                          Complementing our focus on shareholder returns, the Board takes great pride
                                                                                          in how the issues faced across Australia and New Zealand during the year
                                                                                          unquestionably reinforce the Group’s role in the community.                        In line with good governance and our Board succession planning,       but the Group has a track record of not only surviving but thriving
                                                                                                                                                                             during the year we welcomed to the Board two highly credentialled     in tough conditions.
                                                                                          Our purpose is to provide solutions and engaging experiences that inspire our
                                                                                                                                                                             directors, Annabelle Chaplain AM and Gary Dunne. After a career
                                                                                          customers to make the most of their leisure time.                                                                                                        With a strong balance sheet and no net debt, we are ideally placed
                                                                                                                                                                             in investment banking with global financial institutions, Annabelle
                                                                                                                                                                             has diverse board experience with a range of ASX-listed companies     to deliver on our omni-retail strategy, enhance our footprint and
                                                                                          During the year, our purpose has come to the fore for many of our customers.
                                                                                                                                                                             while Gary brings to the board more than 25 years’ experience in      capitalise on organic opportunities to grow market share as we
                                                                                          Our team showed immense initiative and embraced innovative practices
                                                                                                                                                                             operations and strategy with Coles, ALDI and Woolworths.              pursue long-term value for our shareholders. Despite the immense
                                                                                          to ensure we did everything possible to continue to meet the needs of the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   challenges, we have not been distracted from this task.
                                                                                          community. In a COVID world, with the lines increasingly blurred between
                                                                                                                                                                             On behalf of the Board, I would also like to thank Launa Inman, who
                                                                                          work and leisure time, and growing focus on health, safety and wellbeing,                                                                                Thank you for your continuing support of Super Retail Group.
                                                                                                                                                                             retired as a director in October 2019, for her many contributions
                                                                                          the Group’s four core brands played an increasingly important role for
                                                                                                                                                                             as a committed and engaged director during her four-year tenure.
                                                                                          our customers.
                                                                                                                                                                             I thank my Board colleagues for their commitment to the Group
                                                                                          The indefatigable efforts of our team members in delivering for customers,
                                                                                                                                                                             and sound counsel over the tumultuous past 12 months. The
                                                                                          suppliers and our partners reflect the Group’s purpose and are crucial to the
                                                                                                                                                                             decisions taken by the Board leave the Group in a stronger position
                                                                                          underlying strength of the business. In his first full year in the role of Group
                                                                                                                                                                             and well placed to create shareholder value over the long term.
                                                                                          Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Anthony Heraghty ensured
                                                                                          his executive team remain focused on optimising our capabilities and driving       Looking ahead, there is no question we will continue to face fresh    Sally Pitkin
                                                                                          team member engagement during this extraordinary period.                           challenges in a period marked by ongoing volatility and uncertainty   Chair
     6     S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0                                                                                                                                                                                                        S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0   7




                                                                                          DEAR SHAREHOLDER
                                                                                          The past 12 months will be remembered as a year like no other for
                                                                                          Super Retail Group. As outlined by the Chair, natural disasters and the
                                                                                          COVID-19 pandemic have tested the limits of your company’s resilience.




For personal use only
                                                                                          I am pleased to report, however, that thanks to the remarkable efforts of the Super
                                                                                          Retail Group team and the flexibility of our omni-retail strategy we weathered
                                                                                          these crises by adapting quickly to the volatile operating environment.
                                                                                          As the COVID-19 crisis began to unfold in February 2020, our primary focus
                                                                                          remained the health, safety and wellbeing of our team members and customers.                                 In responding to coronavirus restrictions, the Group successfully re-     Our team member safety performance continues to improve. Our
                                                                                          We strictly adhered to the advice and guidance of governments and health                                     allocated store-based resources to supporting our online business,        focus on safety reporting, early intervention, incident investigations,
                                                                                          authorities across Australian and New Zealand while striving to remain open for                              rapidly introducing contact-free Click & Collect across all four brands   line accountability and initiatives such as the ‘back of house’ rest
                                                                                          business where possible. Continuing to operate helped support our team members                               and replacing catalogue campaigns with digital advertising.               program delivered improved injury rates. We achieved a Total
                                                                                          with meaningful employment and provided our loyal customers with the essential                                                                                                         Recordable Injury Frequency Rate (TRIFR) of 10.58 in FY20, a 25 per
                                                                                          products they need.                                                                                          More than one million customers made their first online purchase
                                                                                                                                                                                                       with the Group during the year.                                           cent reduction on the previous year.
                                                                                          This approach played a fundamental role in shaping Super Retail Group’s                                                                                                                In February 2020, Super Retail Group was awarded the Workplace
                                                                                          performance for FY20.                                                                                        OUR STRATEGY IS ON TRACK
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Gender Equality Agency’s (WGEA) Employer of Choice for Gender
                                                                                          Despite some of the toughest operating conditions ever faced by the retail sector,                           Our corporate strategy helped guide the Group though this period.         Equality citation. This is a significant achievement. We were the
                                                                                          the Group delivered a strong trading outcome. The parallel efforts of keeping                                The Group’s strategic focus remains on:                                   first retail organisation to achieve this citation under the Agency’s
                                                                                          stores open where possible during COVID-19 lockdowns, while successfully                                                                                                               new criteria.
                                                                                          pivoting to meet increased demand in our online sales channels bolstered the                                 Growing the four core brands: focusing on our four core brands, key
                                                                                                                                                                                                       categories and leveraging scale.                                          Acknowledgement from the WGEA is the culmination of sustained
                                                                                          Group’s financial results.                                                                                                                                                             commitment to a diverse and inclusive workforce and confirmation
                                                                                          STRONG FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE                                                                                 Leveraging closeness to our customer: building a personalised             of the progress we are making towards gender equality. We know the
                                                                                                                                                                                                       relationship with our customers, leveraging data and insights.            task is far from complete however and continue to explore ways to
                                                                                          Given the context for FY20, we were very pleased with the Group’s financial                                                                                                            improve.
                                                                                          performance. Our omni-retail strategy has provided flexibility for our businesses                            Connecting our omni-retail supply chain: continuing to build a fit-for-
                                                                                          to adapt quickly to the wholesale changes in customer behaviour triggered by the                             purpose integrated supply chain.                                          Female representation on our Board is at 38 per cent, 27 per cent
                                                                                          COVID-19 restrictions. Key features of the full year financial performance for the                           Simplifying the business: becoming a more efficient and effective         at the executive leadership level and 39 per cent for women in
                                                                                          52 weeks to 27 June 2020 included:                                                                           omni-retailer through optimising overheads and focusing on                senior leadership. A previously-set target of 40 per cent female
                                                                                                                                                                                                       customer-facing investment                                                representation at Board and senior leadership levels by 2020 was
                                                                                          •        Total Group sales of $2.83 billion, an increase of 4.2 per cent on the previous                                                                                               disappointingly missed, indicating where some of our priorities sit in
                                                                                                   comparative period (pcp)                                                                            Excelling in omni-retail: enhancing our customer experience through       the period ahead.
                                                                                          •        Online sales of $290.5 million, an increase of 44.4 per cent on pcp                                 all touchpoints along the customer journey.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 We are also methodically resolving the underpayment issues identified
                                                                                          •        Group like-for-like sales growth of 3.6 per cent                                                    We are well positioned to benefit from consumer trends emerging           and proactively reported to the Fair Work Ombudsman. In FY20, 6,478
                                                                                                                                                                                                       from the COVID-19 pandemic, including an even greater channel shift       individual investigations were completed with $27 million, including
                                                                                          •        Group segment earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization                          to online, uptake in DIY auto repairs and household projects, increased   interest and superannuation, paid to 2,490 former and current team

                        CEO’s
                                                                                                   (EBITDA) of $328.1 million, an increase of 4.3 per cent on pcp                                      focus on personal health and wellbeing, and greater demand for            members. As at the end of FY20, this brought the total amount paid
                                                                                          •        Group segment earnings before interest and tax (EBIT) of $236.1 million, an                         domestic travel and outdoor leisure activities.                           to $31.5 million, including interest and superannuation, to 3,458 team
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 members. We expect to conclude the remediation program, including

                        Message
                                                                                                   increase of 3.5 per cent on pcp                                                                     CUSTOMER LOYALTY IS KEY
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 all relevant back payments, in FY21.
                                                                                          •        Normalised net profit after tax (NPAT) of $154.1 million, an increase of                            Our large, growing and loyal customer base continues to underpin our
                                                                                                   1 per cent on pcp.                                                                                  performance and provides us with a competitive advantage.                 A SUSTAINABLE FUTURE
                                                                                          FOUR POWERFUL BRANDS                                                                                         We now have 6.6 million active club members across our four core          In FY20, we continued to make progress towards adopting a sustainable
                                                                                                                                                                                                       brands and, together, these club members contributed 59 per cent          approach to our business operations.
                                                                                          Our four core brands maintain leading positions in attractive and growing
                                                                                          lifestyle categories.                                                                                        of total sales.                                                           We completed energy efficiency upgrades for 62 stores and our
                                                                                                                                                                                                       The Group’s active membership base has grown almost five times            recycling rate increased by 2 per cent to 65 per cent.
                                                                                          In FY20, Supercheap Auto, rebel and BCF recorded sales growth, with Macpac
                                                                                          recording a decline largely due to Australia’s summer bushfires and COVID-19                                 faster than store numbers over the past four years. Scalable growth is    Our brands continue to support our sustainability journey: SCA
                                                                                          affecting Easter trading.                                                                                    critical to our success and our ability to expand the Group’s customer    recycled more than 1.3 million litres of oil and 79,000 car batteries
                                                                                                                                                                                                       base multiple times faster than our physical store network reinforces     (returned to stores by customers); rebel started an in-store sports
                                                                                                                                                                                                       our conviction in an omni-retail business strategy.                       shoe recycling initiative and continued to champion women’s sport;
                                                                                                                           FY20 sales       Sales              Like-for-like      Online sales
                                                                                                                           ($m)             growth             sales growth       growth               Pleasingly, during a period of accelerated online sales growth            BCF contributed $280,000 to OzFish with a further $250,000 raised by
                                                                                                                                                                                                       characterised by concentrated demand for specific products,               customers; and Macpac completed their move to Fairtrade certified
                                                                                              Supercheap Auto              1,119.7          7.6%               6.3%               37%                  customer satisfaction levels have improved with average club member       cotton for its T-shirt production.
                                                                                              rebel                        1,038.6          3.3%  (1)
                                                                                                                                                               2.7%  (1)
                                                                                                                                                                                  49%                  NPS increasing to 60.7.
                                                                                                                                                                                                       AN ENGAGED AND CAPABLE TEAM                                               Super Retail Group has the right strategy in place to create long-
                                                                                              BCF                          535.0            4.0%               3.0%               33%                                                                                            term value for our shareholders and a dedicated team committed to
                                                                                          			                                                                                                          In such a challenging year, our capable and passionate team members       ensuring continued success.
                                                                                              Macpac                       131.9            (5.0%)             (9.1%)             83%
                                                                                                                                                                                                       have been more important to the business than ever before. They
                                                                                          (1)
                                                                                                Excluding Infinite Retail business which has been permanently discontinued. Total rebel sales growth   met every challenge thrown at them and thrived. On behalf of the          Despite ongoing challenges around COVID-19, the Group is in a strong
                                                                                                including Infinite Retail was 2.2%                                                                     executive team, I offer my sincere gratitude for their dedication and     position to inspire our customers to live their passion, grow our
                                                                                                                                                                                                       commitment. In recognition of their extraordinary efforts, the Group      market share and create value for our shareholders.
                                                                                          ONLINE SALES MEETING CUSTOMER DEMAND                                                                         made the decision to reward our permanent frontline team members
                                                                                          The channel shift to online accelerated dramatically in the second half of the past                          with a one-off payment of between $250 and $1,000.
                                                                                          year as COVID-19 restrictions prevented many customers from accessing our                                    To support team members in our stores, offices and distribution
                                                                                          stores.                                                                                                      centres, we implemented a sweeping series of measures to protect
                                                                                          Group online sales increased by 44 per cent to $291 million, representing 10 per                             our team from COVID-19. This included new protocols around                Anthony Heraghty
                                                                                          cent of Group sales. Click & Collect, which leverages the strength of our 697 stores,                        personal hygiene, physical distancing, incident responses, corporate      Group Managing Director and
                                                                                          represented 43 per cent of Group online sales.                                                               travel and enhanced facilities cleaning.                                  Chief Executive Officer
     8     S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0                                                                                                                                                                                 S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0   9




                ABOUT US




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                                               OUR VALUES
               13,000
                                                                            Super Retail Group (ASX: SUL) is the proud owner of four iconic brands: Supercheap Auto, rebel, BCF
                                                                            and Macpac, and is one of Australia and New Zealand’s largest retailers.
                                                                                                                                                                                               Our culture is underpinned by five values that guide the way we operate and behave.

                                                                            Our powerful brands have established, leading positions in growing high-involvement lifestyle
                 TEAM MEMBERS                                               categories of auto, sports and outdoor leisure. We provide our customers and highly engaged
                                                                            6.6 million active loyalty club members with the option to experience our brands whenever
                                                                            and however they choose – whether that’s through our network of 697 stores or via our digital
                                                                            capabilities, which we continue to enhance.
                                                                                                                                                                                                 PASSION                   OPENNESS                INTEGRITY                    CARE                        DISCIPLINE


               697
                                                                             OUR PURPOSE                                                                                                       OUR BRANDS
                 STORES
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           BCF is a leading outdoor retailer in the country,
                                                                            To inspire our customers to live their leisure passions – whether that’s proudly looking after their
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           with stores in every Australian state and territory.
                                                                            car, running a marathon, catching a ‘barra’ or reaching a mountain summit.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           With expert knowledge and service, we provide
                                                                                                                                                                                     Supercheap Auto is Australia and New
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           everything you could possibly need for your next
                                                                                                                                                                                      Zealand’s largest specialty automotive

                4
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           boating, camping or fishing adventure, all under
                                                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE                                                                                      parts and accessories retail business.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           the one roof.
                                                                                                                                                                                         We leverage our market leadership
                                                                                                                                                                                        to provide a wide range of tools and
                                                                            Super Retail Group is committed to sound corporate governance standards that protect and               accessories for the DIY home handyman,
                 SUPPORT                                                    enhance the long-term performance of the Group, taking into account the interests of our
                                                                            stakeholders.
                                                                                                                                                                                      as well as products for travel, touring,
                 OFFICES                                                                                                                                                                     outdoors, garage and the shed.

                                                                            The Group has fully followed the recommendations of the ASX Corporate Governance
                                                                            Council’s Principles and Recommendations (3rd Edition) throughout the reporting period.
                                                                            Further details are set out in the Group’s Appendix 4G and Corporate Governance Statement,
                                                                            authorised for issue by the Directors on 3 September 2020, which are available on the Australian

               7                                                            Securities Exchange (ASX) website at www.asx.com.au and the Group’s website at:
                                                                            https://www.superretailgroup.com.au/investors-and-media/corporate-governance/


                 DISTRIBUTION                                                ABOUT THIS REPORT
                 CENTRES                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    rebel helps our customers dream big.
                                                                            These financial statements are the consolidated financial statements of the consolidated entity                                                                                                                 We are Australia’s leading sporting
                                                                            consisting of Super Retail Group Limited and its subsidiaries. The financial report is presented                                                                                                                goods specialist retailer, bringing the
                                                                            in Australian dollars. Super Retail Group Limited is a company limited by shares, incorporated                                                                                                                  best of global brands direct to our
                                                                            and domiciled in Australia. Its principal registered office and principal place of business                                                                                                                     customers. We inspire all Australians
                                                                                                                                                                                          Macpac has designed apparel and equipment

                3
                                                                            is 6 Coulthards Avenue, Strathpine, Queensland, 4500. A description of the nature of the                                                                                                                        to live their sporting passion, by
                                                                            consolidated entity’s operations and its principal activities is included in the Directors’ Report             that has inspired a life outdoors since 1973.                                                    providing the right service, right
                                                                            and Remuneration Report on pages 30 to 78. The financial report was authorised for issue                       Designed, tested and proven in the ultimate                                                      advice, right brands and right products
                                                                            by the Directors on 24 August 2020. The Directors have the power to amend and reissue the                       outdoor test lab – New Zealand – Macpac’s                                                       to help them ‘start right’ and chase
                                                                            financial report. Through the use of the internet, we have ensured that our corporate reporting                       wide range of products are made by                                                        their dreams.
                 COUNTRIES OF                                               is timely, complete, and available globally at minimum cost to the Company. All press releases,                                adventurers for adventurers.
                 OPERATION                                                  financial reports and other information are available on our Investors and Media page on our
                 Australia, New Zealand and China                           website: https://www.superretailgroup.com.au/investors-and-media/
     10    S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0                                                                                             S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0   11




                PERFORMANCE                                                                                                     CUSTOMER LOYALTY
                HIGHLIGHTS                                                                                                      AND OMNI-RETAIL
                                                                                                                                EXECUTION


                                                                                                                                                                                 44%


For personal use only
                                                                                                                                ONLINE SALES GROWTH
                                                                                                                                SUPERCHEAP AUTO
                                                                                                                                                                                 TOTAL GROUP ONLINE SALES GROWTH %
                                                                                                                                37%
                                                                                                                                                            NEW ONLINE          CLICK & COLLECT                        HOME DELIVERY
                   SALES                                                                                                        REBEL                       CUSTOMERS           SALES GROWTH %                         SALES GROWTH %




                $2.83b                                                                                                          49%                        >1m                 41%                                    46%
                                                                                                         GROUP LFL
                                                                                                         SALES GROWTH

                                                                                                         3.6%                   BCF
                                                                                                                                                           CUSTOMER LOYALTY
                             GROUP SALES UP 4.2%
                                                                                                                                33%                                                                                    ACTIVE CLUB
                                                                                                                                                            AVERAGE             ACTIVE CLUB                            MEMBER % OF
                                                                                                                                MACPAC                      CUSTOMER NPS        MEMBERS                                GROUP SALES
                   EARNINGS                                                                                  PROFIT

                                                                                                                                83%                        60.7                6.6m                                   59%
                                                                                                                                CHANNEL
                         $328.1m                                                     $236.1m                   $154.1m
                         SEGMENT EBITDA                                                   SEGMENT EBIT            NORMALISED
                             UP 4.3%                                                         UP 3.5%               NET PROFIT
                                                                                                                   AFTER TAX

                                                                                                                                                                 HOME
                                                                                                                                                              DELIVERY    6%
                        BALANCE SHEET                                                       DIVIDEND                             90%     IN-STORE
                                                                                                                                         SALES                  CLICK &
                                                                                                                                                               COLLECT    4%
                        EQUITY RAISING                                                      PER SHARE,
                        COMPLETED IN JULY                                                   FULLY FRANKED                                                                      CLICK & COLLECT                          HOME DELIVERY
                                                                                                                                                % OF TOTAL SALES               % OF TOTAL                               % OF TOTAL


                        $203m                                                               19.5¢
                                                                                                                                                                               ONLINE SALES                             ONLINE SALES


                                                                                                                                                                               43%                                     57%
     12     S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0                                                                              S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0   13




                OUR STRATEGY                                                                         STRATEGIC DRIVERS
                                                                                                                                   GROW THE FOUR CORE BRANDS: Focus on four core brands, key categories and
                                                                                                                                   leveraging scale.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                   FOCUS AREAS                                         FY20 OUTCOMES



                                                                            01
                                                                                                                                   • Align capital investment to grow our four         • New concept rebel Doncaster store
                                                                                                                                     core brands                                       • Five-year organic brand strategies in train
                                                                                                                                   • Develop organic brand strategies,                 • Relationships with global partners
                                                                                                                                     leveraging consolidated competitive                 strengthened
                                                                                                                                     advantage                                         • Private brand review commenced
                                                                                                                                   • Refresh private brand strategy                    • Introduced Macpac range in BCF stores




                                                                                           02                                      LEVERAGE CLOSENESS TO OUR CUSTOMER: Building a personalised relationship with
                                                                                                                                   our customers, capitalising on data and insights.		
                                                                                                                                   FOCUS AREAS                                       FY20 OUTCOMES
                                                                                                                                   • Deepen understanding of the customer            • Campaign activity that’s built from
                                                                                                                                     through more sophisticated analytics and          customer behavioural analytics
                                                                                                                                     insights                                          and insights


                                                     RS
                                                                                                                                   • Develop structured customer relationship        • Investment in analytical insight and
                                                                                                                                     management (CRM) program to drive                 customer strategy leadership
                                                                                                                                     visitation and transaction growth               • Execution of pricing strategy delivering




                                     Y VALUE LEV
                                                                                                                                   • Align marketing, merchandising and                positive results
                                                              GROWING ANNUAL                                                         pricing strategies to customer

                                                              CUSTOMER VALUE                                                       CONNECTED OMNI-RETAIL SUPPLY CHAIN: Continuing to build a fit-for-purpose




                                    R                                                           03
                                                                                                                                   integrated supply chain.
                                                             BEING AN EFFICIENT


                                  A              E
                                                                                                                                   FOCUS AREAS                                       FY20 OUTCOMES
                                                               OMNI-RETAILER                                                       • Optimise Australian and New Zealand             • Five-year supply chain strategy in train
                                                                                                                                     distribution centre networks, planning          • Order Management System (OMS), phase
                                                                                                                                     and product flows                                 one, implementation complete
                                                           ENSURING ORGANIC                                                        • Orchestration of customer online orders         • Overseas sourcing project implementation
                                                          GROWTH AND CAPITAL                                                       • Maximise benefits of group sourcing               in progress
                                                                                                                                     capability
                                                               DISCIPLINE
                                               M
                                                      P R                                                                          SIMPLIFY THE BUSINESS: Becoming a more efficient and effective omni-retailer through
                                                          I                                                                        optimising overhead and focusing on customer-facing investment.
                                                                                                                                   FOCUS AREAS                                       FY20 OUTCOMES
                                                                                                                                   • Remove duplication and leverage scale           • Workforce planning program commenced
                                                                                                                                   • KPI alignment and value mindset                 • Senior Leadership Team KPIs aligned to



                                                                                           04
                                                                                                                                   • Modernise technology infrastructure to            Group strategy
                                                                                                                                     be fit for purpose                              • Team engagement and communication
                                                                                                                                                                                       tools in place
                                                                                                                                                                                     • Information Services’ five-year strategy
                                                                                                                                                                                       implementation commenced
                                                                                                                                                                                     • Closed Infinite Retail and Autocrew




                                                                            05
          Image 1: Introduced Macpac range
          in BCF stores                                                                                                            EXCEL IN OMNI-RETAIL: Enhancing our customer experience through all touchpoints
                                                                                                     Online sales to total sales   along the customer journey.
          Image 2: Improving conversion with
          Salesforce Einstein analytics and                                                                                        FOCUS AREAS                                       FY20 OUTCOMES
          personalised product experiences                                                                                         • Build expertise for our customer-facing         • Improved conversion rates across all
                                                                                                        1H19       7.4%
                                                                                                                                     teams, underpinned by team members as             brands
          Image 3: Distribution centre
          optimisation, including rebel                                                                 2H19       7.6%              industry experts                                • Introduced Click & Collect in all Macpac
          consolidation and Macpac Australia                                                                                       • Deliver a seamless ‘Super Retailer’               Australian stores
                                                                                                        1H20       8.8%              experience                                      • Click & Collect rollout complete
          Image 4: Accelerated migration to                                                                                        • Evolve the store experience                       across NZ; contact-free Click & Collect
          cloud-based solutions                                                                         2H20       11.9%                                                               implemented across all stand-alone
          Image 5: Digital investment enabled                                                                                                                                          Australian stores
          significant online growth during the                                                                                                                                       • Key range and assortment alignment to
          height of COVID-19                                                                                                                                                           customer need commenced
     14    S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0                                                                                                                                                                   S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0   15




                                                                             2020 events:
                                                                             testing the strength of
                                                                             Super Retail Group




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                     NAVIGATING THE COVID-19 CRISIS
                                                                                                                                                                     The impact of COVID-19 across the entire        including portable gas and fuels, camping
                                                                                                                                                                     retail industry was significant. As well as     stoves, batteries, refrigeration equipment
                                                                                                                                                                     having an impact on overall sales, COVID-19     and generators.
                                                                                                                                                                     has changed the way people shop.                At rebel, we saw heightened demand for
                                                                                                                                                                     Super Retail Group’s first response to the      exercise and personal fitness products. With              Contact-free Click & Collect and health screens to help
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               protect our team and customers in all our stores.
                                                                                                                                                                     crisis was anchored to three core principles:   more Australians turning to home workouts
                                                                                                                                                                     to keep everyone safe; keep the business        and appreciating the link between physical
                                                                                                                                                                     running and keep people in jobs.                health and mental health, the increased
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     sales of weights and yoga and pilates
                                                                                                                                                                     In New Zealand, we followed the directive       accessories and equipment was particularly

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            >1m
                Our team from BCF Batemans Bay who                                                                                                                   of the New Zealand government and closed        pronounced.
                continued to serve their community at the
                height of the bushfire crisis                           Two significant events in 2020 tested          Super Retail Group contributed $250,000 to    our Supercheap Auto and Macpac stores
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     The traditional Easter long weekend was
                                                                        the strength of Super Retail Group. The        the Red Cross Disaster Relief and Recovery    during the nationwide lockdown.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     anything but traditional, and our marketing
                                                                        devastating summer bushfire season and         program to help deal with the aftermath of                                                                                                                            CUSTOMERS WHO
                                                                                                                                                                     In Australia, retail remained open and          campaigns at the time quickly pivoted to                                MADE THEIR FIRST
                                                                        the global impact of the coronavirus brought   the summer’s disastrous bushfires.            we continued to trade in our Supercheap         DIY car care at home, biggest backyard                                  ONLINE PURCHASE
                                                                        unique challenges and required both                                                                                                                                                                                  IN FY20
                                                                                                                                                                     Auto, rebel, BCF and Macpac Australian          campouts, at-home workouts and bringing

               $250,000
                                                                        strategic and compassionate responses.         In addition to the financial contribution,
                                                                                                                       we offered paid leave to our permanent        stores.* We were able to remain open in         the outdoors in.
                                                                        Against the ongoing backdrop of drought in

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            28,000
                                                                        rural and regional Australia, these events     team members who were active volunteer        a way that protected the health and safety      Online sales experienced strong growth,
                TO RED CROSS                                            showed how our four core brands support        firefighters so they could continue their     of team members and customers, while            both for home delivery and Click & Collect,
                                                                        the communities in which they operate;         efforts to contain the fires throughout the   supporting the ongoing employment of            as customers looked to minimise people-
                                                                        in both the good times as well as times of     summer. We will never be able to match        our people.                                     to-people contact to halt the spread of                                SEARCHES ON REBEL
                                                                        greatest need.                                 the generosity of spirit of the volunteer                                                     the virus.                                                             WEBSITE IN APRIL FOR
                                                                                                                                                                     We adhered to the advice and                                                                                           “WEIGHTS”
                                                                        They also reinforced our source of             firefighters in our team, but we wanted to
                                                                                                                                                                     recommendation of governments and               COVID-19 has challenged our traditional
                                                                        advantage – engaged team, loyal customers      ensure they did not suffer financially for
                                                                        and powerful brands – as the features                                                        health authorities and embraced a number        assumptions and changed the retailing
                                                                                                                       battling the fires on our behalf.
                                                                                                                                                                     of measures to achieve social distancing        landscape. The digitisation of retail has

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            20
                                                                        underpinning the strength of our response
                                                                        in crisis, as well as our ability to quickly   Across our support offices and stores, a      and enhance safety, including installing        always been expected, however COVID-19
               UNLIMITED PAID LEAVE FOR                                                                                further $159,000 was raised for the Red
               VOLUNTEER FIREFIGHTERS                                   recover.                                                                                     hand sanitisers at store entrances, health      has accelerated that change faster than
                                                                                                                       Cross, WIRES, BlazeAid, Wildlife Victoria     screens at registers, limits on customer        anyone anticipated. Super Retail Group’s
                                                                        SUPPORTING THE COMMUNITIES IN                                                                                                                                                                                        STORE TEAM MEMBERS
                                                                                                                       and the NSW Rural Fire Service from local     numbers in stores and a contact-free Click      investment in our digital offer placed us in a                          UPSKILLED INTO OUR
                                                                        WHICH WE OPERATE
                                                                                                                       fundraising activities and a point-of-sale                                                    strong position to meet customer demand.                                CUSTOMER CONTACT
                                                                                                                                                                     & Collect offer.                                                                                                        CENTRE
                                                                        It was a tough start to the new year for       ‘round up’ initiative.

              $159,000                                                  many Australians. Major bushfires resulted
                                                                        in loss of life, property and razed millions
                                                                        of hectares.
                                                                                                                       Above all, we thank the firefighters,
                                                                                                                       Australian Defence Force personnel,
                                                                                                                                                                     The essential nature of many of our products
                                                                                                                                                                     meant demand for some categories was
                                                                                                                                                                     significantly higher than the prior period.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     While the Group has weathered the initial
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     storm, and traded throughout, conditions
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     will continue to be challenging. As nations
                LOCAL FUNDRAISING
                                                                        As an employer operating in many of those      Police, State Emergency Services and other                                                    move to a state of recovery, the ongoing                               * Three stores in Tasmania
                                                                        fire-ravaged communities, we sought to         agencies that were involved in fighting the   At Supercheap Auto and BCF, for example,        strength of our organisation lies in our ability                          closed for several weeks due
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               to government restrictions.
                                                                        help our loyal customers, team members         fires. It was at the worst of times that we   there was an increase in demand for             to meet demand and serve our customers
                                                                        and their communities.                         saw the best in people.                       essential and self-sufficiency products         with a seamless omni-retail offer.
     16    S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0                                                                                                                                                               S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0   17




                                                                      ‘My Garage’:                                                                                         OUR
                                                                      helping car enthusiasts find                                                                         BRANDS
                                                                      the right car parts




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                           Supercheap Auto is Australia and New Zealand’s largest specialty automotive parts and accessories
                                                                                                                                                                           retail business. We leverage our market leadership to bring a wide range of tools and accessories for
                                                                                                                                                                           the DIY home handyman, as well as products for travel, touring, outdoors, garage and the shed.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            AVERAGE ACTIVE
                                                                                                                                                                                       STORES                       BRAND AWARENESS                                        CLUB MEMBER NPS



                                                                                                                                                                                      326                                86%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Data: Stellar Market Research;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    63
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Australia FY20




                                                                                                                                                                                SALES GROWTH YOY                       EBIT MARGIN                                    ONLINE SALES GROWTH


                                                                        At Supercheap Auto, delivering a
                                                                        personalised experience for our loyal
                                                                                                                          range of car parts and accessories specific to
                                                                                                                          their car model is displayed.
                                                                                                                                                                                  7.6%                               12.0%                                                   37%
                                                                        1.71 million Club Plus members is critical.
                                                                                                                          To access the information in store, our team
                                                                        Leveraging technology to help car
                                                                                                                          scans the customer’s Club Plus membership
                                                                        enthusiasts shop for the right car parts and
                                                                                                                          card (or finds their membership via their
                                                                        accessories to suit their vehicle, with greater
                                                                                                                          phone number or email), which brings
                                                                        confidence, is one way the Supercheap Auto
                                                                                                                          up the vehicles saved in their garage. Our
                                                                        team is tailoring that shopping experience
                                                                                                                          store team can then help members find the
                                                                        for our customers.
                                                                                                                          right parts and accessories specific to their                                            ACTIVE CLUB MEMBERS                                   ACTIVE CLUB MEMBER
                                                                        Recalling a specific car model can be a           car model.                                            ACTIVE CLUB MEMBERS                  % OF TOTAL SALES                                        GROWTH YOY
                                                                        challenge for many customers, however this
                                                                                                                          Having this technology capability both
                                                                        information is an essential first-step when
                                                                        shopping for car parts.
                                                                        To help solve this challenge, Supercheap
                                                                                                                          online and in store enables us to better
                                                                                                                          support customer needs, provides expert
                                                                                                                          advice on the right products for the vehicles
                                                                                                                                                                                  1.71m                                  40%                                                       4%
                                                                        Auto launched ‘My Garage’, an online self-        and ensures customers leave with the
                                                                        service and in-store technology solution          products they need.
                                                                        that allows customers to save the details of
                                                                                                                          Since launching My Garage, the details
                                                                        five vehicles to their Club Plus membership
                                                                                                                          of more than 550,000 vehicles have
                                                                        or Trade account and search a database
                                                                                                                          been stored and more than 4.8 million
                                                                        of 39,000 vehicles for specific parts and
                                                                                                                          registration     searches     have     been
                                                                        accessories.                                                                                                 IN–STORE                         CLICK & COLLECT                                         HOME DELIVERY
                                                                                                                          conducted. In turn, this improves conversion            % OF TOTAL SALES                    % OF TOTAL SALES                                       % OF TOTAL SALES
                                                                        The process integrates into a seamless            (customers are more than twice as


                                                                                                                                                                                     93%                                     5%                                                    2%
                                                                        shopping experience by allowing customers         likely to purchase a product if using the
                                                                        shopping online to quickly identify their car     My Garage registration search) and improves
                                                                        model through their vehicle registration          the shopping experience by reducing the
                                                                        number. Once they have entered their              likelihood of the customer having to return
                                                                        registration number into My Garage, a large       for an alternative product.
     18    S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0                                                                                                                                                                  S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0   19




                                                                     Creating a new                                                                                    OUR
                                                                     shopping experience                                                                               BRANDS
                                                                     with rebel Doncaster




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                       rebel helps our customers dream big. We are Australia’s leading sporting goods specialist retailer,
                                                                                                                                                                       bringing the best of global brands direct to our customers. We inspire all Australians to live their
                                                                                                                                                                       sporting passion, by providing the right service, right advice, right brands and right products to help
                                                                                                                                                                       them start right and chase their dreams.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               AVERAGE ACTIVE
                                                                                                                                                                                        STORES                         BRAND AWARENESS                                        CLUB MEMBER NPS



                                                                                                                                                                                      160                                   93%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Data: Stellar Market Research;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       55
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Australia FY20




                                                                                                                                                                            SALES GROWTH YOY                              EBIT MARGIN                                    ONLINE SALES GROWTH

                                                                        The rebel team are all about inspiring
                                                                        Australians to chase their sporting dreams
                                                                        and passions. The opening of the first
                                                                                                                      With a footprint of more than 1,700
                                                                                                                      square metres, rebel customers can be
                                                                                                                      the first to check out the latest in limited
                                                                                                                                                                                3.3%
                                                                                                                                                                            Excludes Infinite Retail business which
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          9.3%                                                   49%
                                                                        rebel Customer Experience (rCX) store         edition or exclusive products as well as an            has been permanently discontinued
                                                                        in Doncaster in March 2020, providing         expanded range of men’s, women’s and
                                                                        a personalised and seamless shopping          kids’ performance and lifestyle apparel and
                                                                        experience, is one way the team is bringing   footwear. Sports fanatics can touch, feel
                                                                        that commitment to life.                      and try the product before they buy, shoot
                                                                        rCX Doncaster is rebel’s first Customer       hoops on the mini basketball court and play
                                                                        Experience store to roll out as part of       a game of soccer in the FIFA games room.
                                                                        the team’s strategy to improve the omni       Our team of rebel experts are dedicated                                                         ACTIVE CLUB MEMBERS                                   ACTIVE CLUB MEMBER
                                                                                                                                                                            ACTIVE CLUB MEMBERS                         % OF TOTAL SALES                                        GROWTH YOY
                                                                        experience across the store network           to delivering the best customer experience
                                                                        and provide multiple dimensions to the        and providing great advice by relaying their
                                                                        customer’s shopping journey. The store is
                                                                        purpose-built with a new design inspiring
                                                                        sport and performance. It offers more
                                                                                                                      own passion for sports, with a major focus
                                                                                                                      on running, football, basketball and training.
                                                                                                                      The store’s design concept was developed
                                                                                                                                                                               2.88m                                        66%                                                     12%
                                                                        storytelling and engaging experiences,        in partnership with Nike and in conjunction
                                                                        exclusive products and a team of rebel        with a number of other key trade partners
                                                                        experts to help customers every step of       including adidas, Under Armour, Speedo,
                                                                        the way.                                      Garmin and Icon.
                                                                        The store’s design is informed by extensive   Despite opening just before COVID-19
                                                                        customer and trade partner research,          restrictions were introduced, the store
                                                                        including consumer surveys, best practice     has performed exceptionally well with                       IN–STORE                              CLICK & COLLECT                                          HOME DELIVERY
                                                                        trends and industry research on the           NPS up 21 points in comparison to the                    % OF TOTAL SALES                         % OF TOTAL SALES                                        % OF TOTAL SALES
                                                                        evolution of retail and the need to create    previous year and the ‘average transaction

                                                                                                                                                                                    86%                                         4%                                                 10%
                                                                        meaningful, in-store experiences.             value’ increasing 20 per cent after the
                                                                        It also leverages the power of the Super      refurbishment. This success shows the
                                                                        Retail Group network by utilising insights    importance of providing a personalised
                                                                        from Supercheap Auto’s successful             shopping experience and has established a
                                                                        Customer Experience store in Penrith, NSW.    proof-of-concept for future investment.
     20    S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0                                                                                                                                                                 S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0   21




                                                                                                                                                                         OUR
                                                                        Australia’s biggest                                                                              BRANDS
                                                                        backyard campout




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                         BCF is a leading outdoor retailer in the country, with stores in every Australian state and territory. With
                                                                                                                                                                         expert knowledge and service, we provide everything you could possibly need for your next boating,
                                                                                                                                                                         camping or fishing adventure, all under the one roof.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              AVERAGE ACTIVE
                                                                                                                                                                                      STORES                          BRAND AWARENESS                                        CLUB MEMBER NPS



                                                                                                                                                                                     139                                   76%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Data: Stellar Market Research;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      64
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Australia FY20




                                                                                                                                                                               SALES GROWTH YOY                          EBIT MARGIN                                    ONLINE SALES GROWTH



                                                                                                                                                                                 4.0%                                    2.9%                                                  33%
                                                                        The traditional Easter holiday for many Australians was a different experience in 2020.
                                                                        With significant lockdown restrictions in place across the country, the true ingenuity and
                                                                        spirit of the nation created a great opportunity for BCF to bring Australians together in a
                                                                        different way.
                                                                        Instead of travelling, families across the country headed to their backyards with their
                                                                        camping gear, inspired by BCF’s biggest backyard campout.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ACTIVE CLUB MEMBERS                                    ACTIVE CLUB MEMBER
                                                                        Over a traditional Easter weekend, BCF customers would ordinarily invest in fridges, tents,           ACTIVE CLUB MEMBERS                     % OF TOTAL SALES                                         GROWTH YOY
                                                                        chairs, showers and fire pits and travel to national parks, beaches and caravan sites. Despite

                                                                                                                                                                                 1.54m                                     83%                                                       6%
                                                                        having limited travel options over the Easter period, the BCF team didn’t want to see our
                                                                        customers’ passion for the outdoors go to waste.
                                                                        To capture the camping experience at home, the idea to set up a campsite in
                                                                        the backyard or lay out the swags below the balcony for a night under the stars quickly
                                                                        grew traction.
                                                                        Australians were encouraged to capture the fun and win prizes by sharing their creative
                                                                        backyard camping setups using the hashtag #BCFbackyard on social media. The campaign
                                                                        created extremely high engagement with extensive national, metropolitan and regional
                                                                        media stories, 4,000-plus entries to #BCFbackyard and a Facebook event page that was
                                                                        joined by more than 889,000 people. Online traffic increased by 30 per cent and the social
                                                                        media campaign reached more than three million Australians.                                                 IN–STORE                           CLICK & COLLECT                                          HOME DELIVERY
                                                                                                                                                                                 % OF TOTAL SALES                      % OF TOTAL SALES                                        % OF TOTAL SALES
                                                                        In addition to the high engagement from team members and customers, NPS over the


                                                                                                                                                                                    91%                                        6%                                                    3%
                                                                        Easter period increased seven per cent when compared to the LFL period for the previous
                                                                        year, in what was an otherwise challenging time.
                                                                        Australia’s biggest backyard campout brought people together as a community. It highlighted
                                                                        the importance of family, personal wellbeing and making the most of what we have, at a
                                                                        time when Australia needed it most.
     22    S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0                                                                                                                                                        S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0   23




                                                                                                                                                                      OUR
                                                                             Macpac’s commitment                                                                      BRANDS
                                                                             to Fairtrade organic cotton




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                      Macpac has designed apparel and equipment that has inspired a life outdoors since 1973. Designed,
                                                                                                                                                                      tested and proven in the ultimate outdoor test lab – New Zealand – Macpac’s wide range of products
                                                                                                                                                                      are made by adventurers for adventurers.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     AVERAGE ACTIVE
                                                                                                                                                                                 STORES                      BRAND AWARENESS                                        CLUB MEMBER NPS



                                                                                                                                                                                  72                              82%
                                                                                                                                                                                                              Data: Stellar Market Research;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             67
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Australia FY20




                                                                                                                                                                           SALES GROWTH YOY                     EBIT MARGIN                                    ONLINE SALES GROWTH


                                                                        It’s been more than a decade since Macpac switched to organic cotton in their Australian-
                                                                        made Aztec® backpack canvas, providing the catalyst for an ongoing journey. Macpac made
                                                                                                                                                                            -5.0%                               5.5%                                                  83%
                                                                        a commitment in 2017 to use only organic cotton in its T-shirt and hoody range, which
                                                                        represents more than 95 per cent of the brand’s cotton usage.
                                                                        In 2019, Macpac partnered with Fairtrade Australia to enhance the transparency and social
                                                                        responsibility in its cotton value chain.
                                                                        Under Fairtrade’s oversight, cotton growers are guaranteed a minimum price for what
                                                                        they farm, helping establish financial security and making them less vulnerable to poverty.
                                                                        Additionally, Fairtrade encourages producers to prioritise community projects that are                                              ACTIVE CLUB MEMBERS                                   ACTIVE CLUB MEMBER
                                                                        important to them, such as education or healthcare for their children, improving their            ACTIVE CLUB MEMBERS                 % OF TOTAL SALES                                        GROWTH YOY
                                                                        businesses or building vital infrastructure such as roads and bridges.
                                                                        As consumer knowledge of the Fairtrade label grows, the success of Macpac’s Fairtrade
                                                                        organic cotton is evident. In 2019, Macpac purchased 6,600 kg of Fairtrade organic cotton
                                                                        for their T-shirts. With the transition to Fairtrade cotton complete, and in order to meet
                                                                                                                                                                             0.45m                                64%                                                     10%
                                                                        growing demand in 2020, this purchase was increased to more than 31,000 kg.
                                                                        Macpac’s manufacturing Trade Partner has achieved ‘carbon neutrality’ under the United
                                                                        Nations ‘Climate Neutral Now’ program and was awarded the ‘Carbon Neutral Gold
                                                                        Standard’ by One Carbon World. Both of Macpac’s Yarn Spinning Trade Partners are certified
                                                                        to the Oeko-Tex Standard 100® for responsible chemicals management. In addition, one
                                                                        partner reports annually to the Sustainable Apparel Coalition’s Higg Index® on their
                                                                        environmental and social impact.                                                                        IN–STORE                      CLICK & COLLECT                                          HOME DELIVERY
                                                                                                                                                                             % OF TOTAL SALES                 % OF TOTAL SALES                                        % OF TOTAL SALES
                                                                        From 2020, Macpac’s Fairtrade organic cotton range will also be shipped with landfill
                                                                        biodegradable polybags that have 30 per cent recycled content.
                                                                        As part of Macpac’s commitment to driving transparency in the cotton supply chain, the team
                                                                        is a signatory to the Responsible Sourcing Network’s (RSN) Uzbekistan and Turkmenistan
                                                                                                                                                                               83%                                    1%                                                 16%
                                                                        Cotton Pledges to end slavery. This Responsible Sourcing Code prohibits sourcing from
                                                                        Uzbekistan, Turkmenistan and the Xinjiang region of China.
     24    S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0                                                                                                                                                                                             S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0   25




                        BOARD OF
                        DIRECTORS




For personal use only
                            SALLY PITKIN                                  ANTHONY HERAGHTY                      REG ROWE                            DIANA EILERT                        HOWARD MOWLEM                         PETER EVERINGHAM                      ANNABELLE CHAPLAIN AM GARY DUNNE
                            Independent                                   Group Managing Director               Non-Executive Director              Independent                         Independent                           Independent                           Independent                                Independent
                            Non-Executive Chair                           and Chief Executive Officer                                               Non-Executive Director              Non-Executive Director                Non-Executive Director                Non-Executive Director                     Non-Executive Director


     Appointed              Chair – 23 October 2017                       20 February 2019                      8 April 2004                        21 October 2015                     13 June 2017                          19 December 2017                      31 March 2020                              31 March 2020
                            Board – 1 July 2010

     Committees             Chair of the Nomination                                                             Member of the Nomination            Chair of the Human Resources        Chair of the Audit and Risk           Member of the Audit and Risk          Member of the Audit and                    Member of the Audit and
                            Committee, Member (ex-officio)                                                      Committee                           and Remuneration Committee          Committee, Member of                  Committee, Human Resources            Risk Committee                             Risk Committee
                            of the Human Resources and                                                                                                                                  the Human Resources and               and Remuneration Committee
                            Remuneration Committee                                                                                                                                      Remuneration Committee                and Nomination Committee


     Experience             Sally has more than 20 years’                 Anthony has more than 20 years’       Reg and Hazel Rowe founded          Diana is an experienced Non-        Howard is experienced in many         Peter is an experienced executive     Annabelle brings broad-ranging             Gary has deep retail sector
                            experience as a Non-Executive                 leadership experience across          an automotive accessories mail      Executive Director with strong      segments of the Australian and        with more than 25 years’              experience in financial services,          experience with extensive careers
                            Director in the listed, private,              the retail, apparel, FMCG and         order business in 1972, which       strategic and operational           international retail industry and     corporate experience, including 18    industrial and infrastructure              at Woolworths, Coles, and ALDI.
                            public and non-profit sectors,                marketing services industries.        they ran from their Queensland      experience. As a former Suncorp     brings extensive experience           years in senior executive roles in    services. Previously, Annabelle            He has executive experience with
                            including experience in                       Prior to his appointment as           home. In 1974 they commenced        Group executive and as a CEO,       in corporate finance, mergers         the digital sector. He was formerly   was a director of Downer EDI               private equity, and, most recently,
                            international markets, and more               Group Managing Director and           retail operations of the business   she has broad experience running    and acquisitions, financial           Managing Director of SEEK             Ltd, Credible Labs Inc and EFIC            held the Chief Operations role
                            than 15 years’ experience as a                Chief Executive Officer, Anthony      that evolved into the thriving      large businesses. Combined          reporting, treasury, tax, audit and   Limited’s International Division,     (Australia’s export credit agency).        at Sigma Healthcare. Gary was
                            non-executive director of ASX200              was Managing Director – Outdoor       specialty retail business –         with her Strategy Partner and       governance. From 2001 – 2010,         and served as a Non-Executive         Annabelle holds an MBA                     formerly Chair of NostraData (a
                            companies. Sally served as an                 Retailing (2015 – 2019) where he      Supercheap Auto.                    executive experience, Diana         he was Chief Financial Officer        Director of the education             (University of Melbourne), a               market- leading pharmacy data
                            Independent Non-Executive                     was responsible for the BCF, Rays     Reg served as Managing              brings to the Board particular      and board member of Dairy             businesses, IDP Education, Online     BA majoring in Economics and               provider) and a former director of
                            Director for Super Retail Group               and Macpac businesses. Anthony        Director until 1996 and then        skills in strategy, with an         Farm International Holdings,          Education Services and THINK          Mandarin (Griffith University),            National Pharmaceutical Services
                            (1 July 2010 – 23 Oct 2017) prior             has served in a variety of senior     Chairman from 1996 to 2004.         emphasis on customer and data,      a Hong Kong-based pan-Asian           Education, as well as Chairman of     a diploma from the Securities              Australia and Members Benefits
                            to her appointment as Chair                   roles including Group General         Prior to this, Reg had 13 years’    technology, digital disruption      retailer. Prior to that, he held      Seek’s China subsidiary, Zhaopin      Institute of Australia and is a            Australia. He holds a Graduate
                            and is an ex-officio member                   Manager of Underwear for Pacific      experience in various retail        and business models. Diana’s        the position of Finance Director      Limited. His previous executive       Fellow of the Australian Institute         Certificate of Management from
                            of the Human Resources and                    Brands Limited, where he led the      and merchandise roles at Myer       non-executive focus is mid-         for Coles Supermarkets for 12         roles include Director of Strategy    of Company Directors. In 2016,             Adelaide University, Master of
                            Remuneration Committee. She is                overhaul of the Bonds business        department stores.                  cap companies, with previous        years. Howard was formerly            for Yahoo! in Australia and           Griffith University conferred on           Enterprise from Melbourne
                            a lawyer and former partner of                from a wholesale operation to an                                          board roles including realestate.   a Non-Executive Director of           Southeast Asia. Peter holds a         her an honorary doctorate for              University and is a graduate of the
                            a national law firm with banking              omni-retailer, Global Marketing       Reg brings to the Board             com, Veda and Navitas. Diana        Billabong International Ltd. He       Master of Business Administration                                                Advanced Management Program
                                                                                                                extensive retail industry                                                                                                                           her service to banking, finance
                            law, corporate law and corporate              Director for Foster’s Group                                               holds a Bachelor of Science         holds a Bachelor of Economics         from IESE, a Bachelor of              and the community.                         from Harvard Business School in
                            governance expertise. Sally                   Limited and Managing Director         and general management              (Pure Mathematics) (University      (Hons), a Master of Business          Economics from The University of                                                 Boston. Gary is a recipient of the
                            holds a Doctor of Philosophy                  for George Patterson and              expertise and skills in retail      of Sydney) and a Master of          Administration and Securities         Sydney, and is a graduate member                                                 Joe Berry Memorial Award.
                            (Governance), a Master of Laws                McCann Erickson.                      and merchandise operations,         Commerce (UNSW).                    Industry Diploma, and is a Fellow     of the Australian Institute of
                            and Bachelor of Laws.                                                               property and strategy.                                                  of CPA Australia.                     Company Directors.


     Other Roles            Director of ASX listed companies                                                   Director of a number of private      Independent Non-Executive                                                 Non-Executive Director of ME          Chair of Canstar Pty Ltd and MFF           Member of the Australian
                            The Star Entertainment Group                                                       family companies.                    Director of Domain Holdings                                               Bank, iCar Asia Limited and           Capital Investments Limited,               Institute of Company Directors.
                            Limited and Link Administration                                                                                         Australia Limited and Elders                                              Member of the WWF-Australia,          Director of Seven Group Holdings
                            Holdings Limited, Fellow of the                                                                                         Limited. Member (part-time)                                               Australia’s largest conservation      Ltd and Member of the Australian
                            Australian Institute of Company                                                                                         of the Australian Competition                                             organisation.                         Ballet board of directors.
                            Directors and Chair of the                                                                                              Tribunal and Member of the
                            Institute’s Corporate Governance                                                                                        Advisory Group for AT Kearney.
                            Committee.


     Leisure Passion Bush walking and skiing                              Fishing, camping, hiking, cycling,   Enjoying time with family, walking   Skiing, cycling, hiking, swimming   Golf                                  Ocean swimming                        Hiking, travel and reading                 Golf, AFL and walking
                                                                          running and cars                     and gardening                        and jazz
     26    S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0                                                                                                                                                                      S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0   27




                EXECUTIVE
                LEADERSHIP
                TEAM




For personal use only
                                                                                          PAUL BRADSHAW                               ALEX BRANDON                                     DAVID BURNS                                REBECCA FARRELL                                               PAUL HAYES
                                                                                          Managing Director –                       Chief Executive Officer –                        Chief Financial Officer                      Chief Legal Officer and                                 Chief Information Officer
                                                                                                 BCF                                        Macpac                                                                                 Company Secretary

                                                                                Paul joined Super Retail Group in            Alex was appointed as Macpac’s Chief            David joined Super Retail Group in           Rebecca joined Super Retail Group in                 Since joining Super Retail Group in
                                                                                December 2019 as Managing Director           Executive Officer in July 2012 and              December 2012 in the role of Chief           February 2020 as Chief Legal Officer and             December 2015 as Chief Information
                                                                                for BCF and brings deep retail expertise     continues to serve in this role after           Financial Officer. David has overall         Company Secretary, and is responsible                Officer, Paul has focused on the digital
                                                                                from more than 30 years in executive         Super Retail Group acquired the outdoor         responsibility for the finance, investor     for leading our legal, risk, compliance              transformation of the Group’s technology
                                                                                and management leadership roles at           adventure specialist retailer in April 2018.    relations, and property and store            and group secretariat functions. She has             capability. He has implemented innovative
                                                                                successful retailers in both Australia and   Originally from England, Alex holds a           improvement portfolios. David holds a        extensive executive experience in legal              and cost-effective technologies that
                                                                                internationally. After working in various    Bachelor of Economics and Marketing             degree in Economics from the University      and corporate governance, gained through             drive real business value and support the
                                                                                managerial roles at Safeway in the           degree from the London Guildhall                of Sydney and is a FCPA. He has more         roles in top tier law firms and blue chip            Group’s continued growth to be a leading
                                                                                United Kingdom, Paul joined ASDA Stores      University. Alex has more than 20 years’        than 30 years of finance experience          corporates throughout the US, Europe,                omni-retailer. Paul has an extensive
                                                                                working in regional and headquarters         of retailing experience across the US,          in a number of industry sectors, and         Asia and Australia including IAG, Amcor              retailing background that include Head of
                                                                                planning and strategy positions. Paul        Australia and New Zealand with companies        previously held senior management            and Westpac. Rebecca holds a Bachelor                Information Systems Delivery at UK retailer
                                                                                worked for nearly a decade with the          including Bath and Body Works, Express,         positions at Qantas, Spotless and            of Laws (first class honours) from Monash            John Lewis, IBM managing consultant
                                                                                Coles Group, holding a number of             Surf Dive ‘n’ Ski, Rip Curl and Just Kids. He   Lend Lease.                                  University and a Bachelor of Arts.                   positions leading projects for premier
                                                                                leadership positions including Group         is based in Christchurch, New Zealand.                                                                                                            retailers including Tesco, Argos and
                                                                                General Manager, Store Development                                                                                                                                                             Woolworths and a variety of other roles
                                                                                and Chief Store Operations Officer where                                                                                                                                                       including Head of Merchandising at British
                                                                                he was responsible for creating and                                                                                                                                                            Home Stores.
                                                                                driving the operations strategy.




                                                                                           JANE KELLY                               KATIE McNAMARA                                  BENJAMIN WARD                               DARREN WEDDING                                            GARY WILLIAMS
                                                                                            Chief Human                                Chief Strategy and                            Managing Director –                        Chief Supply Chain Officer                                 Managing Director –
                                                                                          Resources Officer                             Customer Officer                              Supercheap Auto                                                                                            rebel

                                                                               Jane joined Super Retail Group in July 2016   Katie joined Super Retail Group in April        Benjamin joined Super Retail Group in July   Darren joined Super Retail Group in                  Gary joined Super Retail Group in April
                                                                               as Chief Human Resources Officer and is       2019 as Chief Strategy and Customer             2019 as Managing Director – Supercheap       January 2019 as Chief Supply Chain                   2019 as Managing Director – rebel. Gary
                                                                               responsible for advancing Super Retail        Officer, where she has responsibility           Auto. Benjamin holds a Bachelor of           Officer. Darren has more than 30                     has more than 30 years’ of global retail,
                                                                               Group’s strong focus on team engagement,      for corporate strategy integration and          Business (Marketing) from the University     years’ experience in supply chain and                brand and property experience, including
                                                                               culture and capability development. Jane is   execution, analytics, marketing and             of Newcastle, and is an experienced retail   logistics having served in a broad array             senior executive roles in Australia - where
                                                                               also responsible for the Group’s corporate    customer strategy. Katie holds a Bachelor       executive with almost 25 years in senior     of industries including military, steel              he has served for the past 20 years – the
                                                                               affairs function. She holds a Master of       of Pharmacy degree and a Master of              management roles across Australia, UK,       manufacturing, FMCG, retail and third                US, UK, Asia Pacific and South Africa.
                                                                               Commerce and Employee Relations with          Business Administration from Melbourne          US and Europe, including two decades         party logistics, with nine of his past               Previously Gary was the Chief Operating
                                                                               Honours from the University of Melbourne      Business School and Cornell University.         with international supermarket giant ALDI.   eleven years based in Asia. Darren holds             Officer for the Alceon Retail Group and has
                                                                               and a Bachelor of Commerce from the           She has completed executive programs            Previously, he was Managing Director,        a Bachelor of Business Degree, Graduate              also held executive, board and senior retail
                                                                               University of New South Wales. Jane was       in Digital Marketing at INSEAD and both         Global Business Coordination for ALDI        Diploma of Business and a Master                     leadership roles with brands including
                                                                               previously the Human Resources and            Digital Transformation and Marketing at         Supermarkets based in Germany. Benjamin      of Business Administration from the                  David Jones/Country Road Group, Myer,
                                                                               Corporate Affairs Director at BT Financial    Harvard Business School. Katie brings           also held various senior leadership roles    University of Southern Queensland. Prior             OK Bazaars, Puma, Reebok, Coca-Cola,
                                                                               Group and also held senior roles as Head      more than 20 years’ experience in top-tier      at ALDI in Operations, Merchandising,        to joining Super Retail Group, Darren                Westfield and Topshop.
                                                                               of Reward for St. George Bank and Head        consulting, retail and FMCG businesses.         Transformation and Change Management.        worked in a regional operations role
                                                                               of Human Resources - Australian Financial     She was previously Vice President Asia-                                                      for Zuellig Pharma serving their Asian
                                                                               Services at Westpac.                          Pacific for IBM, leading Digital Strategy                                                    operations.
                                                                                                                             and iX.
     28    S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0                                                                                                                                                                               S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0   29




                OUR TEAM




For personal use only
                                                                                At Super Retail Group, everything starts        completed the training program and gained      COMMITTED TO HEALTH                            In FY20, we also improved our
                                                                                with our team. Having healthy, happy,           their qualification.                           AND SAFETY                                     LPG decanting processes and piloted
                                                                                capable and passionate team members is                                                                                                        Move4Life, a manual handling training
                                                                                essential to providing inspiring solutions      In February 2019 we launched the               We are committed to the physical and           program in our distribution centres.
                                                                                                                                Accredited Learning NZ program, offering       psychological health and safety of our
                                                                                and experiences for our customers.                                                                                                            In addition to managing the ongoing
                                                                                                                                                                               customers, team members, contractors,

                        70%
                                                                                                                                our New Zealand Store and Assistant
                                                                                CONTINUED FOCUS ON LEARNING                                                                    business partners and communities. We          COVID-19 crisis, a key focus for FY21 will
                                                                                                                                Store Managers the opportunity to                                                             be on leadership development, mental
                                                                                AND DEVELOPMENT                                 enrol in a Level Four Retail Management        care about health, safety and wellbeing and
                                                                                                                                                                               treat it seriously.                            health, customer abuse, health and safety
                                                                                A commitment to the ongoing learning            qualification. Partnering with the industry                                                   management systems, governance and
                        TEAM MEMBER                                                                                             leader in retail training, Service IQ, this    Our focus on safety reporting, early           analytics.
                                                                                and development of our team is critical
                        ENGAGEMENT                                                                                              qualification provides competency-based        intervention, incident investigations, line
                                                                                to our success and sustainability as                                                                                                          RECOGNISED FOR GENDER
                                                                                an organisation.                                learning, mentorship and coaching to           accountability and initiatives including       EQUALITY

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                10.58
                                                                                                                                develop valuable and lasting skills. During    a ‘back of house’ program, delivered
                                                                                We provide a number of development              FY20, 30 managers successfully completed       improved injury rates. We achieved a Total     In February 2020, Super Retail Group was

                        48%                                                     programs that invest in the skills and
                                                                                knowledge of our team members. This
                                                                                investment helps our team meet and
                                                                                                                                this program.
                                                                                                                                Also launched in February 2019, our school-
                                                                                                                                                                               Recordable Injury Frequency Rate (TRIFR)
                                                                                                                                                                               of 10.58 in FY20, a 25 per cent reduction
                                                                                                                                                                               on the previous year. We also recorded a
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              awarded the Workplace Gender Equality
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Agency’s (WGEA) Employer of Choice for
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Gender Equality citation. We were the first
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              retail organisation to achieve this citation
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TRIFR - 137 INCIDENTS
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                PER MILLION HOURS
                                                                                anticipate the needs of our customers and       based trainee program continues to roll out    Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR)                                                                          WORKED
                        FEMALE                                                                                                                                                                                                under the agency’s new criteria.
                        PARTICIPATION                                           unlocks their potential for a rewarding and     across the retail stores, providing students   of 5.4, a 27 per cent improvement on the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                down 25% YOY
                                                                                valuable career.                                aged 16 years or older with valuable           previous year.                                 Acknowledgement from the WGEA is the
                                                                                                                                industry skills while they complete their      As a result of data maturity, the FY19 TRIFR   culmination of sustained commitment
                                                                                One offer for our retail team members                                                                                                         over many years to a diverse and inclusive
                                                                                                                                secondary school qualifications.               changed from 14.34 to 14.07 and the FY18

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                83%
                                                                                is a partnership with registered training

                        39%                                                                                                                                                    TRIFR adjusted from 15.95 to 15.86. The        workforce and confirmation of the progress
                                                                                organisations to facilitate accredited          There are six school-based trainees in the                                                    we are making towards gender equality.
                                                                                learning programs, allowing our retail team                                                    LTIFR changed from 7.36 to 7.38 in FY19 and
                                                                                                                                current program, further enabling the stores
                                                                                members to obtain nationally-recognised,                                                       from 6.52 to 6.57 in FY18.                     Female representation on our Board is at
                                                                                                                                to connect with their local community and
                                                                                relevant qualifications.                                                                                                                      38 per cent, 27 per cent at the executive                         TEAM RETENTION
                        WOMEN IN SENIOR                                                                                         inspire the next generation of retailers.      An ongoing health and safety focus
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              leadership level and 39 per cent for women
                        LEADERSHIP                                                                                                                                             is keeping our teams, customers and            in senior leadership. A previously-set target
                                                                                Over the last three years, this program has     To support the ongoing development of          business partners safe during the              of 40 per cent female representation at
                                                                                paved the way for retail team members to        our team, in late FY19 we launched             coronavirus pandemic. We implemented

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                12,994
                                                                                pursue a successful career in retail, with                                                                                                    Board and senior leadership levels by 2020
                                                                                                                                voluntary, on-demand, bite-sized and           measures relating to personal hygiene,         was disappointingly missed.

                        35%
                                                                                approximately 20 per cent progressing to        mobile accessible learning. This program       social distancing (provided health screens),
                                                                                more senior positions within the Group.         allows the entire Super Retail Group team      enhanced cleaning, mental wellbeing,           We still have a way to go on our journey,
                                                                                                                                to improve their skills and knowledge          remote working, restricted travel and          but Super Retail Group is committed to
                                                                                Within our Australian program, we are proud                                                                                                   achieving gender equality in our Board,                           AVG TEAM MEMBER
                                                                                to have grown the program to just over 320      when, where and how it suits them. In FY20     incident response procedures.                                                                                    RECOGNITIONS
                        WOMEN IN                                                                                                                                                                                              executive and senior leadership teams                             PER MONTH
                        LEADERSHIP                                              retail team members currently completing        there have been more than 7,000 hours          Our response to the COVID-19 crisis has        within three to five years. Super Retail
                                                                                either a Certificate III in Retail Operations   spent learning with more than 30 per cent      been informed by the relevant government       Group’s 2020 Workplace Gender Equality
                                                                                or a Certificate IV in Retail Management.       of our team ‘opting-in’ to this additional     and health authorities, as well as through     Agency WGEA report is available at:
                                                                                In FY20, 108 team members successfully          development.                                   our partnership with International SOS.        https://www.wgea.gov.au
     30    S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0                                                                                       S USPUEPRE R
                                                                                                                                                                                         R ERTEATA
                                                                                                                                                                                                 I L I LG RGOR U
                                                                                                                                                                                                               O PU PL ILM
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         IM        E DA ANNNNUUAAL LRREEPPOORRTT 22002200 3131
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           I TI ET D




                                                                                          DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                                                                                          The Directors present their report together with the consolidated financial statements of the Group comprising Super Retail Group
                                                                                          Limited (SUL) (the Company) and its subsidiaries for the period ended 27 June 2020.

                                 2019 – 2020                                              1.          Directors
                                                                                          The Directors of the Company at any time during or since the end of the period, up to the date of this report are:



                                 Directors’ Report




For personal use only
                                                                                          Directors:
                                                                                          S A Pitkin
                                                                                          (Independent Non-Executive Chair)


                                 Remuneration Report
                                                                                          A M Heraghty
                                                                                          (Group Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer)
                                                                                          R A Rowe


                                 Financial Report
                                                                                          (Non-Executive Director)
                                                                                          D J Eilert
                                                                                          (Independent Non-Executive)
                                                                                          H L Mowlem
                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 27 JUNE 2020                         (Independent Non-Executive)
                                                                                          P D Everingham
                                                                                          (Independent Non-Executive)
                                 Super Retail Group Limited                               S A Chaplain
                                 ABN: 81 108 676 204                                      (Independent Non-Executive) (appointed 31 March 2020)
                                                                                          G T Dunne
                                 ASX Code: SUL                                            (Independent Non-Executive) (appointed 31 March 2020)

                                                                                          Former:
                                                                                          L K Inman
                                                                                          (Independent Non-Executive) (retired 22 October 2019)

                                                                                          Details of the qualifications, experience and responsibilities of the Directors can be found in the Group’s annual report.

                                                                                          Special Responsibilities of Directors:
                                                                                                                                                                                                               Human Resources &
                                                                                           Director                         Audit & Risk Committee            Nomination Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Remuneration Committee
                                                                                           S A Pitkin                                  n/a                             (1)                                       Member (Ex-Officio)

                                                                                           A M Heraghty                                n/a                             (2)                                                     n/a

                                                                                           R A Rowe                                    n/a                                                                                     n/a

                                                                                           D J Eilert                                  (4)                            (2)                                                   (1)(5)

                                                                                           H L Mowlem                                  (1)                            (4)                                                    (3)

                                                                                           P D Everingham                                                                                                                      

                                                                                           S A Chaplain                                (3)                            n/a                                                     n/a

                                                                                           G T Dunne                                   (3)                            n/a                                                     n/a

                                                                                           L K Inman                                   n/a                             (2)                                                    (6)
                                                                                          (1) Denotes Chair of Committee.
                                                                                          (2) Ceased as a member on 22 July 2019.

                                                                                          (3) Appointed as a member on 1 July 2020.
                                                                                          (4) Ceased as a member on 1 July 2020.
                                                                                          (5) Appointed as Chair on 22 October 2019.
                                                                                          (6) Ceased as Chair on 22 October 2019.



                                                                                          1.1         Directorships of listed companies held by members of the Board

                                                                                          Current Directors:
                                                                                           Director               Listed Company               Directorship                                     Key Dates
                                                                                            S A Pitkin            Super Retail Group           Independent Non-Executive Chair                  Current, appointed 01 July 2010
                                                                                                                  Limited                                                                       Appointed as Chair 23 October 2017
                                                                                                                  The Star Entertainment       Independent Non-Executive Director               Current, appointed 31 July 2014
                                                                                                                  Group Limited
                                                                                                                  Link Administration          Independent Non-Executive Director               Current, appointed 23 September
                                                                                                                  Holdings Limited                                                              2015
                                                                                                                  Former directorships:
                                                                                                                  IPH Limited                  Independent Non-Executive Director               Former, appointed 23 September
                                                                                                                                                                                                2014 and ceased 20 November 2017
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 33
     32 32S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0
             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                                                                                                                                                                                   S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 33




               DIRECTORS’ REPORT (continued)                                                                                                                DIRECTORS’ REPORT (continued)
                                                                                                                                                            1.        Directors (continued)
               1.           Directors (continued)
                                                                                                                                                            1.2       Directors’ Meetings
               1.1          Directorships of listed companies held by members of the Board (continued)
                                                                                                                                                            All Directors may attend Board Committee meetings even if they are not a member of the relevant Committee. The number of
               Current Directors:                                                                                                                           meetings of the Company’s Board of Directors and each Board Committee held during the period ended 27 June 2020 is set out
                 Director                  Listed Company                      Directorship                         Key Dates                               below:




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Meetings of Committees
                 A M Heraghty              Super Retail Group                  Group Managing Director and Chief    Current, appointed 20 February 2019
                                           Limited                             Executive Officer                                                                                                                                                                                             Human Resources and
                                                                                                                                                                                        Board Meetings                    Audit and Risk                         Nomination                     Remuneration
                 R A Rowe                  Super Retail Group                  Non-Executive Director               Current, appointed 08 April 2004
                                           Limited                                                                                                           Total number of
                                                                                                                                                             meetings held                      20                               4                                    2                                     4
                 D J Eilert                Super Retail Group                  Independent Non-Executive Director   Current, appointed 21 October 2015
                                           Limited                                                                                                                                  Attended         Eligible(1)     Attended        Eligible (1)       Attended          Eligible(1)        Attended           Eligible(1)
                                           Elders Limited                      Independent Non-Executive Director   Current appointed 14 November 2017       S A Pitkin                 20               20              4                -                  2                  2                 4                  2
                                           Domain Holdings                     Independent Non-Executive Director   Current appointed 16 November 2017
                                                                                                                                                             A M Heraghty               20               20              4                -                  1                  1                 4                  -
                                           Australia Limited
                                                                                                                                                             R A Rowe                   19               20              4                -                  2                  2                 4                  -
                                           Former directorships:
                                           Navitas Limited                     Independent Non-Executive Director   Former, appointed 28 July 2014 and       D J Eilert                 20               20              4                4                  1                  1                 4                  4
                                                                                                                    delisted 5 July 2019                     H L Mowlem                 20               20              4                4                  2                  2                 4                  -

                 H L Mowlem                Super Retail Group                  Independent Non-Executive Director   Current, appointed 13 June 2017          P D Everingham             20               20              4                4                  2                  2                 4                  4
                                           Limited                                                                                                           S A Chaplain(2)             8                8               -               -                  -                  -                  -                 -
                                           Former directorships:                                                                                             G T Dunne(2)                8                8              1                -                  -                  -                  -                 -
                                           Billabong International             Independent Non-Executive Director   Former, appointed 24 October 2012        L K Inman(3)                4                4              1                -                  1                  1                 3                  3
                                           Limited                                                                  and delisted 26 April 2018
                                                                                                                                                            (1)Number of meetings the Director was eligible to attend during the time the Director held office in the year.
                                                                                                                                                            (2)Commenced as a Director on 31 March 2020.
                 P D Everingham            Super Retail Group                  Independent Non-Executive Director   Current, appointed 19 December 2017     (3)Ceased as a Director on 22 October 2019.
                                           Limited
                                           iCar Asia Limited                   Independent Non-Executive Director   Current, appointed 1 July 2017          1.3       Directors’ Interests
                 S A Chaplain              Super Retail Group                  Independent Non-Executive Director   Current, appointed 31 March 2020
                                           Limited                                                                                                          The relevant interest of each Director in shares and options over such instruments issued by the companies within the Group and other
                                           MFF Capital                         Independent Non-Executive Director   Current, appointed 21 May 2019 (Chair   related bodies corporate, as notified by the Directors to the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) in accordance with section 205G(1)
                                           Investments Limited                                                      from 1 August 2019)                     of the Corporations Act 2001, at the date of this report is as follows:
                                           Seven Group Holdings                Independent Non-Executive Director   Current, appointed 24 November 2015       Director                                            Number of Ordinary Shares                   Options over Ordinary Shares
                                           Limited                                                                                                           S A Pitkin                                                                       59,605                                                            -
                 G T Dunne                 Super Retail Group                  Independent Non-Executive Director   Current, appointed 31 March 2020         A M Heraghty                                                                     59,720                                                            -
                                           Limited
                                                                                                                                                             R A Rowe                                                                  68,270,557                                                               -
                                                                                                                                                             D J Eilert                                                                       17,715                                                            -
               Former Director:                                                                                                                              H L Mowlem                                                                       34,286                                                            -
                 Director                  Listed Company                      Directorship                         Key Dates
                                                                                                                                                             P D Everingham                                                                   40,000                                                            -
                 L K Inman                 Precinct Properties                 Independent Non-Executive Director   Current, appointed 28 October 2015       S A Chaplain                                                                           -                                                           -
                                           New Zealand Limited
                                           The PAS Group Limited               Independent Non-Executive Chair      Current, appointed Chair on 1            G T Dunne                                                                              -                                                           -
                                                                                                                    February 2020
                                           Former directorships:                                                                                            2.        Company Secretary
                                           Super Retail Group                  Independent Non-Executive Director   Former, appointed 21 October 2015
                                           Limited                                                                  and ceased 22 October 2019              The Company Secretary (and Chief Legal Officer) is Ms Rebecca Farrell, B.A. LLB (Hons) (MU). Ms Farrell was appointed and
                                           Commonwealth Bank                                                        Former, appointed 16 March 2011 and     commenced with Super Retail Group Limited on 10 February 2020.
                                                                               Independent Non-Executive Director
                                           of Australia                                                             ceased 16 November 2017
                                           Bellamy’s Australia                                                      Former, appointed 15 February 2015      Prior to 10 February 2020, the Interim Company Secretary (and Group Legal Counsel) position was held by Mr Justin Coss, BA and B
                                                                               Independent Non-Executive Director
                                           Limited                                                                  and ceased 28 February 2017             Laws (LLB) (UQ). Mr Coss commenced with Super Retail Group Limited in an interim capacity on 30 September 2019 following the
                                                                                                                                                            resignation of Mr Peter Lim from the role.
                                           Jaxsta Limited                      Independent Non-Executive Director   Former, appointed 28 December 2018
                                                                                                                    and ceased 28 February 2019
                                                                                                                                                            3.        Operating and Financial Review
                                                                                                                                                            3.1       Overview of the Group

                                                                                                                                                            The Group is a for-profit entity and is primarily involved in the retail industry. Founded in 1972, as an automotive accessories mail order
                                                                                                                                                            business which evolved into Supercheap Auto, the Group has grown through both organic growth and mergers and acquisitions
                                                                                                                                                            evolving its principal activities to include:
                                                                                                                                                                  Supercheap Auto (SCA): retailing of auto parts and accessories, tools and equipment;
                                                                                                                                                                  rebel: retailing of sporting equipment and apparel;
                                                                                                                                                                  BCF: retailing of boating, camping, outdoor equipment, fishing equipment and apparel; and
                                                                                                                                                                  Macpac: retailing of apparel, camping and outdoor equipment.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 35
     34 34S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0
             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                                                                                                                                                                              S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 35




               DIRECTORS’ REPORT (continued)                                                                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT (continued)
                                                                                                                                                              3.          Operating and Financial Review (continued)
               3.         Operating and Financial Review (continued)
                                                                                                                                                              3.2         Review of Financial Condition (continued)
               3.2        Review of Financial Condition
                                                                                                                                                              (a)         Group results (continued)
               A number of factors are influencing the financial results of the Group which will need to be considered when reviewing the financial
                                                                                                                                                              At the time of the equity raising the Group identified that there was approximately $58.0 million of pre-tax costs to be included in the
               performance of the business. The key factors to be considered are:
                                                                                                                                                              result for the year that will not be included in the normalised net profit after tax due to their size or nature. The finalised value is $54.1




For personal use only
                      COVID-19
                                                                                                                                                              pre-tax ($38.0 million post-tax). A schedule of these items is outlined below.
                      Equity Raising
                      Implementation of AASB 16 Leases                                                                                                                                                                                                                            2020                        2019
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     $m                          $m
                 (a)        Group Results                                                                                2020                  2019            Profit for the period                                                                                              110.2                        139.2
                                                                                                                           $m                    $m            Loss for the period attributable to non-controlling interests                                                           -                         0.1
                 Revenue from continuing operations                                                                    2,825.2               2,710.4           Profit for the period attributable to owners of Super Retail Group Limited                                         110.2                        139.3
                 Segment earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA)                         328.1                 314.7           Lease Accounting Standard – AASB 16 Leases adjustment                                                                 5.9                           -
                 Segment earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT)                                                       236.1                 228.1           Pre-AASB 16                                                                                                        116.1                        139.3
                 Normalised net profit after tax (NPAT)                                                                  154.1                 152.5           Wages underpayment and remediation costs(1)                                                                          17.1                         6.2
                 Profit for the period attributable to owners(1)                                                         110.2                 139.3           Accelerated asset amortisation(1)                                                                                     9.6                           -
                 Profit for the period(1)                                                                                110.2                 139.2           Business restructuring costs(1)                                                                                       5.5                         3.1
                 Operating cash flow(1)                                                                                  610.7                 240.9           Break costs on interest rate swaps(1)                                                                                 4.2                           -
                 Earnings per share (EPS) – basic (cents)                                                                 55.8                  70.6           Loss on divestment of investments/Closure of non-core businesses(1)                                                   2.0                         1.7
                 Dividends per share (cents)                                                                              19.5                  50.0           Losses from associates accounted for using the equity method                                                          0.6                         2.2
               (1) Impacted by AASB 16
                                                                                                                                                               Reversals of provisions previously excluded from normalised NPAT(1)                                                 (1.0)                           -
                                                                                                                                                               Total of items not included in total segment NPAT                                                                    38.0                        13.2
               The Group achieved total sales growth of 4.2 per cent which included like-for-like sales growth across the three largest divisions of           Normalised net profit after tax                                                                                    154.1                        152.5
               SCA, rebel and BCF. Macpac experienced a sales decline of 5.0 per cent and negative like-for-like sales of 9.1 per cent. The 4.2 per           (1) Net of tax

               cent sales growth for the Group translated into a 4.3 per cent increase in Segment EBITDA, a 3.5 per cent increase in Segment EBIT
               and a 1.0 per cent increase in normalised net profit after tax.                                                                                While the impact of COVID-19 demonstrated the benefits of the Group’s strategy of building omni-channel capability, it also required
                                                                                                                                                              actions to be undertaken to ensure agile strategy execution. As a result, there was an acceleration of the amortisation reflecting the
               Net profit after tax (NPAT) attributable to owners was $110.2 million compared to $139.3 million in the prior period representing a            revision of useful lives of selected technology assets reflecting the shift to digital strategies. The business restructuring costs relate to a
               decrease of 20.9 per cent. Normalised NPAT was $154.1 million compared to $152.5 million in the prior period, an increase of 1.0 per           reduction in support office team members. As a result of the equity raising, interest rate swaps were terminated as the underlying
               cent. The table below provides the reconciliation to the statutory profit.                                                                     debt was repaid. As part of the implementation of the Group’s four core brands business strategy, closure activities were undertaken
                                                                                                                                                              for Autocrew (in which the Group had a 50 per cent investment) and Infinite Retail businesses. These businesses made a small loss in
               Impacts of COVID-19                                                                                                                            the 2020 financial year.

                                                                                                                                                              There was an increase in the estimate for team member underpayments. The movement in this estimate has two elements. The total
               COVID-19 has had a significant impact on the Group since March 2020. There have been major shifts in customer purchasing
                                                                                                                                                              amount of retail manager and set-up team member underpayments is lower than initially estimated. Offsetting this decrease is the
               behaviour from March, when restrictions were first put in place. Pre-emptive actions were initiated to protect team members, liquidity
                                                                                                                                                              identification of additional team members also impacted by overtime underpayments.
               and profit. These actions have positioned the Group to trade through an extremely volatile period.
                                                                                                                                                              (b)         Impact of AASB 16 Leases
               The Group traded all stores through this period, with the exception of stores that were government mandated for closure including
               New Zealand stores for seven weeks and three stores in Tasmania for two weeks. The Group was therefore able to provide permanent               Given the significance of the impact that the new accounting standard AASB 16 Leases has on the financial year and balance sheet
               store-based team members with continuity of wages through this period whilst implementing appropriate safety procedures to                     at 27 June 2020, the following tables are included to assist with comparison with the prior period. This is non-IFRS information. In
               protect team members. In July 2020, government mandated restrictions in Victoria have increased with stage four restrictions                   accordance with the standard the Group is not required to restate the prior year comparative.
               impacting 94 stores in Melbourne (35 Supercheap Auto; 32 rebel; 14 Macpac; 13 BCF) from week six, all stores continue to operate
               contact-free Click & Collect. From 12 August, New Zealand government level three restrictions have impacted 21 stores in Auckland              AASB 16 Leases impact on Consolidated Income Statement (Non-IFRS)
               (12 Supercheap Auto; 9 Macpac), all stores continue to operate contact-free Click & Collect.                                                                                                       27-Jun-20                       27-Jun-20              27-Jun-20                29-Jun-19
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Statutory                       AASB 16             Pre-AASB 16              Pre-AASB 16
               Specific actions taken to improve liquidity were announced on 26 March 2020, including the cancelation of the interim dividend of                                                                                                 Adjustment                                        Statutory
               $42.5 million. The Group secured an additional $100.0 million debt funding facility. Project activity was suspended and all                                                                                           $m                 $m                          $m                   $m
               discretionary expenditure was curtailed. The Group was well supported by its trade partners who re-scheduled committed inventory
               purchases and provided extended payment terms. As a result, the trade payables balance at June 2020 is $60.4 million or 22.0 per               Revenue from continuing operations                                 2,825.2                      -                2,825.2                 2,710.4
               cent higher than the comparative period. Additionally, rental relief was negotiated with a number of landlords, and approximately
                                                                                                                                                              Other income from continuing operations                                 0.2                     -                     0.2                      2.8
               $18.0 million of rent remains in arrears at balance date. Rent abatement of $2.4 million was agreed representing approximately 0.9
               per cent of the pre AASB 16 Leases expense, which was realised in the profit and loss results.                                                 Total revenues and other income                                    2,825.4                      -                2,825.4                 2,713.2

               Following a 26.2 per cent decline in Group like-for-like sales in April 2020, like-for-like sales increased by 26.5 per cent in May and 27.7   Expenses
               per cent in June. Through this period customer purchasing patterns have shifted significantly between categories and channels                  Cost of sales of goods                                           (1,555.1)                      -              (1,555.1)               (1,488.2)
               (stores and online). In the fourth quarter of the year, Group online sales increased 102.7 per cent to represent approximately 15 per          Other expenses from ordinary activities
               cent of Group sales. This acceleration of online has tested the omni-retailing strategy, validated its importance and provided the
                                                                                                                                                               - selling and distribution                                        (371.2)                      -                (371.2)                  (347.8)
               Group with flexibility to quickly respond to customer needs.
                                                                                                                                                               - marketing                                                         (79.1)                     -                 (79.1)                   (81.9)
               As a result of a significant decline in sales in April, Macpac Australia qualified for the Australian Government JobKeeper payment.             - occupancy(1)                                                    (204.9)                (28.3)                 (233.2)                  (215.5)
               The New Zealand operations of SCA and Macpac were impacted by government mandated store closures for seven weeks. The                           - administration(1)                                               (403.6)                 (0.6)                 (404.2)                  (366.4)
               total of government wage support received in the 2020 financial year was $6.5 million. The New Zealand government wage subsidy
               covered a 12 week period and ended in June 2020. Jobkeeper subsidy for Macpac Australia is expected to end in September 2020.                  Net finance costs                                                    (55.1)                 37.3                  (17.8)                   (21.3)
                                                                                                                                                              Share of net loss of associates and joint ventures                    (0.6)                     -                   (0.6)                    (2.6)
               Equity Raising                                                                                                                                 Total expenses                                                   (2,669.6)                   8.4              (2,661.2)                (2,523.7)

               On 15 June 2020, the Group announced an underwritten one for seven accelerated pro rata non-renounceable entitlement offer to                  Profit before income tax                                             155.8                   8.4                   164.2                    189.5
               raise equity of approximately $203 million at a fixed price of $7.19 per share. The equity raising comprised an institutional entitlement
                                                                                                                                                              Income tax expense                                                   (45.6)                (2.5)                  (48.1)                   (50.3)
               offer which settled on 24 June 2020 and a retail entitlement offer which settled on 9 July 2020, subsequent to the end of the financial
               year. The institutional entitlement resulted in cash proceeds net of transaction costs of $157.0 million being received in June. The           Profit for the period                                                110.2                   5.9                   116.1                    139.2
                                                                                                                                                              (1) Occupancy expense movement is a reduction in depreciation and amortisation of $176.2m and an increase in rental expense of $204.5m.
               retail entitlement settled post year end with $43.6 million being received in July 2020. The equity raising has reduced the Group’s
               leverage and provides flexibility for the business to continue to execute its strategy in a more uncertain period.                               Administration expense movement is an increase in loss on sale of property, plant and equipment of $0.6m.
     36 36S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0
             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                                                                                                                                             S USPUEPRE R ERTEA I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         TALI LG R
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 GO UP
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   RO        MMI TI TE EDDAANNNNUUAAL L RREEPPOORRTT 22002200 3737
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      U PL IL I




               DIRECTORS’ REPORT (continued)                                                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT (continued)
               3.         Operating and Financial Review (continued)                                                                          3.      Operating and Financial Review (continued)

                                                                                                                                              3.2     Review of Financial Condition (continued)
               3.2        Review of Financial Condition (continued)
                                                                                                                                              (b)     Impact of AASB 16 Leases (continued)
               (b)        Impact of AASB 16 Leases (continued)
                                                                                                                                              AASB 16 Leases impact on Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (Non IFRS)




For personal use only
               AASB 16 Leases impact on Consolidated Balance Sheet (Non IFRS)
                                                                                                                                                                                                     27-Jun-20          27-Jun-20               27-Jun-20                   29-Jun-19
                                                                    27-Jun-20                       27-Jun-20      27-Jun-20     29-Jun-19
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Statutory         AASB 16              Pre-AASB 16                 Pre-AASB 16
                                                                     Statutory                       AASB 16     Pre-AASB 16   Pre-AASB 16
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Adjustment                                            Statutory
                                                                                                   Adjustment                     Statutory
                                                                                                                                                                                                             $m               $m                            $m                     $m
                                                                                            $m            $m             $m             $m
               ASSETS                                                                                                                          Cash flows from operating activities
                                                                                                                                               Receipts from customers (inclusive of goods and
               Current assets                                                                                                                  services tax)                                             3,139.0                     -                 3,139.0                    2,995.8
               Cash and cash equivalents                                                  285.1              -         285.1            7.5    Payments to suppliers and employees (inclusive of
               Trade and other receivables                                                 26.3            1.6          27.9           37.6    goods and services tax)                                  (2,436.6)                    -               (2,436.6)                  (2,438.0)
               Inventories                                                                502.4              -         502.4         560.2     Rental payments                                             (51.1)           (205.8)                    (256.9)                     (262.7)
               Current tax asset                                                               -             -             -            1.9    Income taxes paid                                           (40.6)                    -                   (40.6)                     (54.2)
               Derivative financial instruments                                                -             -             -            2.8    Net cash inflow from operating activities                   610.7           (205.8)                       404.9                       240.9
               Total current assets                                                       813.8           1.6          815.4         610.0
                                                                                                                                               Cash flows from investing activities
                                                                                                                                               Payments for property, plant and equipment and
               Non-current assets                                                                                                              software                                                    (68.4)                    -                   (68.4)                     (89.8)
               Property, plant and equipment                                              227.8          22.8          250.6         267.9     Proceeds from sale of property, plant and
               Right-of-use assets                                                        848.0        (848.0)             -              -    equipment                                                     0.6                     -                       0.6                           -
                                                                                                                                               Payments for acquisitions of investments in
               Intangible assets                                                          874.3            0.7         875.0         894.2     associates/joint ventures                                       -                     -                          -                     (0.7)
               Deferred tax assets                                                           4.9         (4.9)             -              -    Acquisition of subsidiary, net of cash acquired              (0.1)                    -                     (0.1)                           -
               Other financial assets                                                        6.3             -           6.3           6.9     Net cash (outflow) from investing activities               (67.9)                    -                    (67.9)                     (90.5)
               Total non-current assets                                                  1,961.3      (829.4)        1,131.9       1,169.0
               Total assets                                                              2,775.1      (827.8)        1,947.3       1,779.0     Cash flows from financing activities
                                                                                                                                               Proceeds from borrowings                                    963.0                     -                   963.0                       946.0
               LIABILITIES                                                                                                                     Repayment of borrowings                                 (1,103.0)                     -               (1,103.0)                     (986.0)
               Current liabilities                                                                                                             Lease principal payments                                  (171.8)              168.5                        (3.3)                      (3.3)
               Trade and other payables                                                   442.3           3.1          445.4         362.7     Borrowing costs paid                                         (0.2)                    -                     (0.2)                      (2.4)
               Borrowings                                                                      -          3.8            3.8           3.4     Interest paid                                               (53.6)               37.3                     (16.3)                     (16.0)
               Lease liabilities                                                          178.4        (178.4)             -              -    Proceeds from issue of shares, net of transaction
                                                                                                                                               costs                                                       157.0                     -                   157.0                             -
               Current tax liabilities                                                     17.1              -          17.1              -
                                                                                                                                               Dividend paid to Company’s shareholders                     (56.2)                    -                   (56.2)                     (96.7)
               Provisions                                                                 111.1          (0.5)         110.6         107.3
                                                                                                                                               Net cash (outflow) from financing activities              (264.8)              205.8                      (59.0)                    (158.4)
               Derivative financial instruments                                              1.9             -           1.9           6.2
               Total current liabilities                                                  750.8       (172.0)          578.8         479.6     Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash
                                                                                                                                               equivalents                                                 278.0                    -                    278.0                        (8.0)
               Non-current liabilities
                                                                                                                                               Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of
               Trade and other payables                                                        -         51.0           51.0          49.5     the period                                                    7.5                     -                       7.5                       15.2
               Borrowings                                                                 247.8            0.9         248.7         390.8     Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and
               Lease liabilities                                                          760.9        (760.9)             -              -    cash equivalents                                             (0.4)                    -                     (0.4)                         0.3
                                                                                                                                               Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the
               Deferred tax liabilities                                                        -         12.0           12.0          23.4
                                                                                                                                               interim period                                              285.1                    -                    285.1                          7.5
               Provisions                                                                  24.3            1.1          25.4          19.7
               Total non-current liabilities                                             1,033.0      (695.9)          377.1         483.4
               Total liabilities                                                         1,783.8      (867.9)          915.9         963.0


               NET ASSETS                                                                 991.3          40.1        1,031.4         816.0


               EQUITY
               Contributed equity                                                         698.1              -         698.1         542.3
               Reserves                                                                      7.5             -           7.5            8.2
               Retained earnings                                                          285.7          40.1          325.8         265.9
               Capital and reserves attributable to owners of
               Super Retail Group Limited                                                 991.3          40.1        1,031.4         816.4
               Non-controlling interests                                                       -             -             -          (0.4)
               TOTAL EQUITY                                                               991.3          40.1        1,031.4         816.0
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 39
     38 38S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0
             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                                                                                                                                                                                        S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 39




               DIRECTORS’ REPORT (continued)                                                                                                                               DIRECTORS’ REPORT (continued)
                                                                                                                                                                           3.        Operating and Financial Review (continued)
               3.         Operating and Financial Review (continued)
                                                                                                                                                                           3.2       Review of Financial Condition (continued)
               3.2        Review of Financial Condition (continued)
                                                                                                                                                                           (c)       Division Results (continued)
               (b)        Impact of AASB 16 Leases (continued)
                                                                                                                                                                           Supercheap Auto (continued)




For personal use only
               AASB 16 Leases impact on Segment Note
                                                                                                                               Total   Inter-segment                       Auto accessories and auto maintenance, which represent approximately three quarters of divisional revenue, were the strongest
                                                                                                                         continuing     eliminations/                      performing categories. Like-for-like sales growth was achieved in all categories including tools and outdoors. Sales in Supercheap
                 For the period ended 27 June 2020                              SCA         rebel     BCF     Macpac     operations      unallocated     Consolidated      Auto reflected a shift towards essential, DIY auto and household project products during the peak COVID-19 restriction period.
                                                                                 $m           $m       $m         $m             $m               $m              $m
                                                                                                                                                                           Online sales increased by 37 per cent to $82.0 million. Online sales represented seven per cent of Supercheap Auto’s total sales and
                 Segment Revenue and Other Income
                                                                                                                                                                           Click & Collect accounted for over 60 per cent of these online sales.
                 External segment revenue                                    1,119.7       1,038.6   535.0      131.9        2,825.2                 -         2,825.2
                 Other income                                                      -           0.1     0.1          -            0.2                 -             0.2     Supercheap Auto active Club Plus membership increased by approximately four per cent during the financial year to 1.71 million
                 Total segment revenue and other                                                                                                                           members. Sales attributable to club members increased to 40 per cent of total sales. Average club member net promotor score
                 income                                                      1,119.7       1,038.7   535.1      131.9        2,825.4                -          2,825.4     (NPS) increased to 63 from 61 in the prior comparative period.
                 Segment EBITDA                                                242.0         205.1    79.3       25.0          551.4           (18.2)            533.2
                                                                                                                                                                           During the 2020 financial year, the business opened four new stores and closed one store. As at the end of the financial year, the
                 Segment depreciation and amortisation       (100.4)                        (94.5)   (55.9)     (17.3)       (268.1)            (0.1)          (268.2)
                                                                                                                                                                           business had a total of 281 stores in Australia and 45 stores in New Zealand.
                 Segment EBIT result                           141.6                         110.6     23.4        7.7         283.3           (18.3)            265.0
                 Net finance costs                            (12.4)                        (14.6)    (8.4)      (1.9)        (37.3)           (17.8)           (55.1)     rebel
                 Total segment NPBT                            129.2                          96.0     15.0        5.8         246.0           (36.1)            209.9
                 Segment income tax expense                                                                                                                     (61.7)     Sales increased by 3.3 per cent to $1,038.6 million (excluding Infinite Retail) with like-for-like growth of 2.7 per cent. Like-for-like growth
                                                                                                                                                                           was driven by higher average transaction value. Sales declined in April due to government restrictions, but rebounded during the
                 Normalised NPAT                                                                                                                                 148.2
                                                                                                                                                                           fourth quarter following 9.1 per cent like-for-like sales growth in May and June. Sales growth in June was impacted by the annual
                 Other items not included in the total segment NPAT                                                                                             (38.0)     June clearance sale being deferred to July due to a lower in-stock position.
                 Profit for the period attributable to:
                    Owners of Super Retail Group Limited                                                                                                           110.2   Queensland and Western Australia achieved the strongest like-for-like sales growth.
                    Non-controlling interests                                                                                                                          -
                                                                                                                                                                           Gross margin increased due to lower promotional activity. Operating expenses increased in rebel mostly due to an increased share
                 Profit for the period                                                                                                                             110.2
                                                                                                                                                                           of group infrastructure as the business fully migrated into group distribution centres and expanded online. The operating expense
                                                                                                                                                                           increase partially offsetting gross margin expansion.
               Management do not review the operating segments or make strategic decisions utilising this information. It is shown here to provide
               additional information on the impact of the new lease accounting standard.                                                                                  Segment EBITDA increased by 3.3 per cent to $126.6 million and EBITDA margin of 12.2 per cent was 0.1 per cent higher than the prior
                                                                                                                                                                           comparative period.
               The implementation of AASB 16 Leases has required operating leases to be recognised as right-of-use assets and lease liabilities, and
               for lease expenses to be treated as depreciation and interest. Cash lease payments are classified as lease principal payments and                           Segment EBIT increased by 3.0 per cent to $96.6 million and EBIT margin of 9.3 per cent was 0.1 per cent higher than the prior
               interest paid.                                                                                                                                              comparative period.

               The impact of the implementation of the standard has a net negative impact on Net Profit After Tax of $5.9m in the year.                                    Fitness and hardgoods were the best performing categories as COVID-19 restrictions led to strong demand for home fitness products.
                                                                                                                                                                           Apparel and footwear sales were impacted by lower foot traffic in stores due to COVID-19 but recovered during the fourth quarter
               (c)        Division Results                                                                                                                                 as restrictions eased.
                                                                         Sales                             EBITDA                             EBIT
                                                                      2020                 2019         2020             2019            2020             2019             Online sales increased by 49 per cent to $141.2 million reflecting the strong channel shift during COVID-19. Online sales represented
                                                                       $m                    $m           $m               $m              $m               $m             14 per cent of total rebel sales and Click & Collect accounted for approximately 30 per cent of these online sales.
                 Supercheap Auto                                   1,119.7               1,040.6        174.7            156.1           134.9            120.6
                 rebel                                             1,038.6               1,016.4        126.6            122.6            96.6             93.8            Rebel active club membership increased by approximately 12 per cent during the financial year to 2.88 million members. Sales to
                 BCF                                                 535.0                 514.6         34.9             40.2            15.7             20.8            club members increased to 66 per cent of rebel sales. Average club member NPS was 55.
                 Macpac                                              131.9                 138.8         10.1             15.6             7.2             13.0
                 Unallocated                                             -                     -        (18.2)           (19.8)          (18.3)           (20.1)           During the 2020 financial year, rebel closed one store. As at the end of the financial year, rebel had 160 stores.
                                                                   2,825.2               2,710.4        328.1            314.7           236.1            228.1
                                                                                                                                                                           The Infinite Retail business has been permanently discontinued. Infinite Retail reported $15.9 million of sales in the financial year
               Supercheap Auto                                                                                                                                             representing a decline of $10.8 million to the prior comparative period.

               Sales increased by 7.6 per cent to $1,119.7 million. Like-for-like sales growth of 6.3 per cent reflected both transaction growth and                       BCF
               increased units per sale driving higher average transaction value. Sales declined in April due to government restrictions, but
               rebounded during the fourth quarter off the back of 33.6 per cent like-for-like sales growth in May and June.                                               Sales increased by 4.0 per cent to $535.0 million. Like-for-like grew 3.0 per cent driven by both increased transactions and higher
                                                                                                                                                                           average transaction value. Sales declined in April due to government restrictions particularly impacting the Easter holiday period, but
               Sales growth was strongest in Queensland, Western Australia and South Australia. All Australian States delivered positive like-for-like                     rebounded during the fourth quarter following 68.1 per cent like-for-like sales growth in May and June.
               sales growth. Trading in New Zealand was impacted by the closure of 45 stores for approximately seven weeks due to a government
               mandated shutdown for COVID-19.                                                                                                                             Western Australia and Queensland were the strongest performing States.

               Gross margin was slightly lower than prior comparative period and operating expenses as a percentage of sales were lower benefiting                         Fishing was the strongest performing category. Fishing, camping and apparel all delivered positive like-for-like sales growth while
               from operating leverage due to strong sales.                                                                                                                boating sales declined modestly.

               Segment EBITDA increased by 11.9 per cent to $174.7 million and EBITDA margin of 15.6 per cent was 0.6 per cent higher than the                             Gross margin declined compared to the previous period due to competitive intensity, while operating expenses as a percentage of
               prior comparative period.                                                                                                                                   total sales were consistent with the prior year.

               Segment EBIT increased by 11.9 per cent to $134.9 million and EBIT margin of 12.0 per cent was 0.4 per cent higher than the prior                           Segment EBITDA decreased to $34.9 million and EBITDA margin of 6.5 per cent was 1.3 per cent lower than the prior comparative
               comparative period.                                                                                                                                         period.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 41
     40 40S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0
             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                                                                                                                                                                     S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 41




               DIRECTORS’ REPORT (continued)                                                                                                             DIRECTORS’ REPORT (continued)
                                                                                                                                                         3.        Operating and Financial Review (continued)
               3.         Operating and Financial Review (continued)
                                                                                                                                                         3.2       Review of Financial Condition (continued)
               3.2        Review of Financial Condition (continued)
                                                                                                                                                         (d)       Financial Position and Cash Flow
               (c)        Division Results (continued)                                                                                                                                                                                                                     2020                        2019
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            $m                          $m




For personal use only
               BCF (continued)                                                                                                                            BALANCE SHEET
                                                                                                                                                          Trade and other receivables                                                                                      26.3                        37.6
               Segment EBIT decreased to $15.7 million and overall EBIT margin declined from 4.0 per cent in the prior comparative period to 2.9 per      Inventories                                                                                                     502.4                       560.2
               cent.                                                                                                                                      Trade and other payables                                                                                      (442.3)                     (412.2)
                                                                                                                                                          Current tax assets / (liabilities)                                                                             (17.1)                         1.9
               The BCF club loyalty program experienced strong growth with active memberships increasing by approximately 6 per cent to 1.54              Total working capital                                                                                            69.3                       187.5
               million. BCF club members increased to 83 per cent of total BCF sales. Average club member NPS increased to 64 from 61 in the
               prior comparative period.                                                                                                                  Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                       285.1                         7.5
                                                                                                                                                          Borrowings                                                                                                    (247.8)                     (394.2)
               Online sales grew by 33 per cent to $45.3 million reflecting a shift to the online channel due to COVID-19. Online sales represented 9     Lease liabilities                                                                                             (939.3)                           -
               per cent of total BCF sales and Click & Collect accounted for just over two thirds of these online sales.                                  Net debt                                                                                                      (902.0)                     (386.7)

               BCF opened four stores and closed one store during the financial year. As at the end of the financial year, BCF had 139 stores.            Property, plant and equipment                                                                                   227.8                       267.9
                                                                                                                                                          Right-of-use assets                                                                                             848.0                            -
               Macpac                                                                                                                                     Intangible assets                                                                                               874.3                       894.2
                                                                                                                                                          Other financial assets                                                                                             6.3                         6.9
               Sales fell by 5.0 per cent to $131.9 million and like-for-like sales decreased by 9.1 per cent.                                            Derivatives                                                                                                      (1.9)                       (3.4)
                                                                                                                                                          Provisions                                                                                                    (135.4)                     (127.0)
               In Australia, like-for-like sales decreased by 9.7 per cent as a result of the impact of summer bushfires on peak Christmas trading and    Deferred taxes                                                                                                     4.9                     (23.4)
               the impact of COVID-19 on store foot traffic during the key Easter trading period. In New Zealand, like-for-like sales decreased by 8.2
               per cent mainly due to a government mandated seven week store shutdown relating to COVID-19. Sales in both Australia and New               NET ASSETS                                                                                                      991.3                       816.0
               Zealand rebounded during the fourth quarter with 7.8 per cent like-for-like sales growth in May and June.
                                                                                                                                                          CASH FLOW
               Segment EBIT decreased to $7.2 million and segment EBIT margin decreased to 5.5 per cent. The majority of this decline was recorded        Net cash inflow from operations                                                                                 610.7                       240.9
               in the first half of the financial year.                                                                                                   Net cash (outflow) from investing                                                                              (67.9)                      (90.5)
                                                                                                                                                          Net cash (outflow) from financing                                                                             (264.8)                     (158.4)
               Online sales increased by 83 per cent to $22.0 million and represented 17 per cent of Macpac sales. Click & Collect, which was only
                                                                                                                                                          Net increase / (decrease) in cash                                                                               278.0                        (8.0)
               recently introduced in New Zealand stores, represented approximately 5 per cent of online sales.
                                                                                                                                                          Cash at the beginning of the period                                                                                7.5                        15.2
               Macpac club membership increased by approximately 10 per cent to 0.45 million and these club members represented 64 per cent
                                                                                                                                                          Effects of exchange rates on cash                                                                                (0.4)                         0.3
               of total Macpac sales. Average club membership NPS was 67 per cent.
                                                                                                                                                          Cash at the end of the period                                                                                   285.1                          7.5
               During the 2020 financial year, Macpac opened three stores and closed one store. As at the end of the financial year, Macpac had
                                                                                                                                                         Net cash inflow from operations has increased by $205.8 million due to the change in treatment of rental expenses under AASB 16
               72 stores comprising 62 small format stores and ten Adventure Hub stores.
                                                                                                                                                         Leases and an improvement in working capital. Excluding the impact of AASB 16 Leases, operating cash flow improved by $164.0
                                                                                                                                                         million. This improvement was mainly driven by a lower net inventory investment, lease payment deferrals and a shift in tax payments,
               The weaker financial performance of Macpac this year has reduced the amount of headroom when assessing the carrying value of
                                                                                                                                                         the benefits of which are expected to reverse in the next financial year.
               brand name and goodwill intangibles. The value-in-use cash flow analysis is based on the business improving financial performance
               consistent with the 2019 financial year by financial year 2022 and delivering growth levels consistent with historical levels. Refer to
                                                                                                                                                         Working capital investment declined $118.2 million due to the significant decline in inventory of $57.8 million which was impacted by
               Note 10(b) of the financial statements for details of these assumptions.
                                                                                                                                                         both COVID-19 liquidity management measures and the strong increase in sales in May and June. Trade and other payables
                                                                                                                                                         increased by $79.6 million due a shift in purchases and improved trading terms agreed with major trading partners, rent deferral of
               Group Costs
                                                                                                                                                         $18.0 million on certain leases and reduced tax payments of $13.6 million.
               Group costs for the period were $18.3 million, which was $1.8 million lower than the prior comparative period. Group costs included
                                                                                                                                                         Net debt of $902.0 million included $939.3 million of lease liabilities. Excluding lease liabilities, the Group was in a net cash position of
               corporate costs of $12.1 million, $3.4 million of un-allocated distribution centre costs and $2.8 million relating to omni-retail
                                                                                                                                                         $37.3 million an improvement of $424.0 million compared to the prior year. All borrowings were repaid in July 2020. The $100 million
               development and digital investment.
                                                                                                                                                         ANZ bilateral facility was cancelled in August 2020. The Group has sufficient facilities in place to fund its strategy and remains
                                                                                                                                                         comfortably within banking covenants.

                                                                                                                                                         The impact of the implementation of AASB 16 Leases this financial year has reduced net assets by $40.1 million. Net assets for the
                                                                                                                                                         Group increased by $175.3 million primarily due to the proceeds of the institutional component of the equity raising.

                                                                                                                                                         Capital expenditure reduced from $90.5 million in 2019 to $67.9 million as liquidity measures were implemented during the COVID-19
                                                                                                                                                         trading period. Expenditure included $28.0 million in new and refurbished store fitout and $39.8 million in building omni-retail
                                                                                                                                                         capabilities, data and analytics, and other information technology projects.

                                                                                                                                                         (e)       Dividends

                                                                                                                                                         The interim dividend of 22.0 cents was cancelled on 26 March 2020 to preserve cash in view of the uncertain economic outlook at
                                                                                                                                                         the onset of COVID-19. The Group has declared a 19.5 cents per share fully franked final dividend for the financial year. The amount
                                                                                                                                                         of the final dividend represents a dividend payout ratio of 55 per cent of second half underlying NPAT totalling a cash payment of
                                                                                                                                                         $44.0 million.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 43
     42 42S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0
             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                                                                                                                                                                       S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 43




               DIRECTORS’ REPORT (continued)                                                                                                                 DIRECTORS’ REPORT (continued)
                                                                                                                                                             3.       Operating and Financial Review (continued)
               3.          Operating and Financial Review (continued)
                                                                                                                                                             3.2      Review of Financial Condition (continued)
               3.2         Review of Financial Condition (continued)
                                                                                                                                                             (f)      Material Business Risks (continued)
               (f)         Material Business Risks
                                                                                                                                                              Risks                                                                Mitigating Actions (including but not limited to)




For personal use only
               The Group recognises that all of its businesses operate in an environment of change and uncertainty and is committed to managing
                                                                                                                                                              4.   Competition Intensity                                              There are a number of initiatives in progress to mitigate this
               the potential risks associated with this uncertainty in a continuous, active and systematic way. The Group regularly reviews the possible
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       risk including pricing and promotion, supply chain
               impact of these risks and seeks to minimise this impact through a commitment to its corporate governance principles and its risk               The Group operates in a competitive retail market exhibiting
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       efficiency, e-commerce experience, programmatic
               management functions.                                                                                                                          low barriers to entry. The growth and intensity of competition in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       marketing and the order management system.
                                                                                                                                                              the increasingly globalised retail market continues which
               The business risks faced by the Group that are likely to have a material effect on its financial prospects are listed below, including an      means that the Group faces increased competition from
               overview of the Group’s mitigating actions:                                                                                                    existing competitors and new entrants, particularly into the
                                                                                                                                                              Australian and New Zealand retail markets. The Group’s
                 Risks                                                                   Mitigating Actions (including but not limited to)                    performance and profitability could be adversely affected if
                 1.     Pandemic (Impact of COVID-19)                                       The stand-up of the Incident Management Team and                 the actions of competitors or potential competitors become
                                                                                             Crisis Management Teams;                                         more effective, new competitors enter the market or current
                 There is continuing uncertainty as to the duration and further                                                                               economic conditions (including as a result of COVID-19) lead
                                                                                            The pandemic response plan was activated with the help
                 impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, including in relation to the                                                                                to significant promotional or clearance activity by competitors
                                                                                             of International SOS;
                 timing and nature of government approaches to easing                                                                                         in financial distress, particularly if the Group is unable to
                                                                                            COVID-19 Safety Plans have been implemented to
                 containment measures (including travel restrictions) and the                                                                                 respond effectively to such activity or its response is delayed.
                                                                                             promote personal hygiene, physical distancing and
                 depth and length of the negative impacts on domestic and
                                                                                             mental health;                                                   5.   Industrial Relations                                               Mandatory training for retail managers;
                 global economic activity.
                                                                                            Incident response procedures have been developed to                                                                                      Team member management and monitoring processes;
                 The COVID-19 pandemic has altered and may further alter                     trace ‘close and casual’ contact, for deep cleaning and           Failure by an employer to comply with relevant employment
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Segregation of duties;
                 consumer behaviour (for example, it may cause a long-term                   regulatory reporting;                                             laws, awards or enterprise agreements can lead to potential
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Supervision and oversight;
                 shift toward online shopping or cause consumers to reduce                  The securing of an additional $100 million bilateral facility     regulatory investigations or enforcement actions or other civil
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      System access and controls;
                 household spending) and such changes may adversely affect                   from ANZ which was fully drawn down (this was                     or criminal fines or penalties. As disclosed on 12 February 2019,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      System validation controls;
                 the Group’s financial performance.                                          subsequently repaid on 1 June 2020 as was surplus to              the Group identified underpayments of overtime and some
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Formal grievance response tracking;
                                                                                             requirements and then cancelled on 7 August 2020);                allowances to retail managers and other staff members, in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Group remuneration oversight committee;
                                                                                            Implementation of a range of countermeasures to ensure            breach of the applicable award and enterprise agreement,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Rostering principles;
                                                                                             ongoing liquidity of the Group including rent abatement           and self-reported the underpayments to the Fair Work
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Register of awards;
                                                                                             and deferral and revised trading terms with larger stock          Ombudsman. This followed an earlier self-disclosure to the Fair
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Automated retail award audits;
                                                                                             and non-stock suppliers;                                          Work Ombudsman of the underpayment of overtime and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Reconfiguration of status adjustments;
                                                                                            Identification and implementation of a range of measures          some allowances to the Group's new store set up employees.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Mutual agreements and approval process; and
                                                                                             relating to profit protection including the request for team      Although a significant proportion of the remediation work
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Implementation of a new time and attendance system.
                                                                                             members to utilise existing leave liabilities;                    necessitated by these underpayments has been completed,
                                                                                            Implementation of contact-free Click & Collect;                   there are ongoing efforts to contact former team members
                                                                                            Shifting merchandising activity to match demand profile;          and liaise with current team members in relation to their
                                                                                            Shifting to digital marketing;                                    entitlements and the Group continues to liaise with the Fair
                                                                                            Re-aligning marketing investment to demand profile; and           Work Ombudsman in relation to the oversight and
                                                                                            Adjusting marketing plans to support online trading.              investigation of these issues.
                 2.     Health and Safety                                                The Group has an established Health and Safety                       6.   Supply Chain and Inventory Agility for Omni-Retail                 The Group continues to pursue opportunities to reduce
                                                                                         Management System including resources, training and                                                                                           the cost of the supply chain and working cost of capital
                 The Group is committed to the health and safety of its team                                                                                  Any disruptions, adverse changes or inefficiencies in the
                                                                                         procedures, and this is supported through active reporting of                                                                                 through improved delivery models with major trade
                 members, customers and contractors. While a strong emphasis                                                                                  Group’s supply chain (including as a result of COVID-19,
                                                                                         incidents, regular monitoring and assurance activities such as:                                                                               partners;
                 is placed on the implementation of work health and safety                                                                                    geopolitical tensions or instability or changes in
                                                                                             Group Health and Safety Governance Framework;                                                                                           The Group has made substantial investments in an
                 standards, the risk of a serious injury or fatality remains possible.                                                                        macroeconomic conditions) could have an adverse impact
                                                                                             Health and safety management systems;                                                                                                    updated supply chain network and supporting
                 The occurrence of such events may have an adverse effect                                                                                     on the Group’s ability to supply products to its customers. The
                                                                                             Continued investment to address health and safety risks,                                                                                 information systems to improve agility and meet changing
                 on the productivity, operations and reputation of the Group.                                                                                 supply and distribution of the Group’s products (including
                                                                                              including mental health;                                                                                                                 customer expectations;
                                                                                                                                                              delivery of products direct to consumers) is reliant on the
                                                                                             Performance reporting and monitoring; and                                                                                               Monitor last mile fulfilment capacity to meet customer
                                                                                                                                                              effective and continued operation of third party logistics
                                                                                             Health and safety training.                                                                                                              demand;
                                                                                                                                                              providers.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Monitor supplier impacts;
                 3.     Omni-Retail Transformation                                          Investment in analytical insight and customer strategy
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Review local supply options for key lines;
                                                                                             leadership;
                 The markets in which the Group competes (being automotive                                                                                                                                                            Contracts in place with critical vendors;
                                                                                            Customer behavioural analytics and insights leveraged to
                 parts and accessories and outdoor, sporting and leisure                                                                                                                                                              Monitoring and regular contact with critical suppliers;
                                                                                             inform campaign activity;
                 goods) are subject to changing consumer preferences and                                                                                                                                                              Confirmation of critical supplier;
                                                                                            Execution of pricing strategy delivering positive results;
                 buying patterns, including as a result of new technologies and                                                                                                                                                       Alternative suppliers;
                                                                                            IS five year strategy, acceleration of migration to cloud
                 offerings from competitors (including online retail                                                                                                                                                                  Business continuity plans; and
                                                                                             based services;
                 experiences), macroeconomic conditions and the impact of                                                                                                                                                             Monitor supplier impacts.
                                                                                            Click & Collect roll out for Macpac; and
                 events such as COVID-19.
                                                                                            Contact-free Click & Collect implementation across all
                 If the Group is not able to develop or access new                           Australian standalone stores.
                 technologies and anticipate or respond to disruptions in the
                 markets in which it competes, including if there are new or
                 improved products or retail experiences (including online retail
                 experiences) that are, or are perceived to be, superior to
                 those offered by the Group, then the Group may suffer a
                 decrease in the demand for its products, which may have a
                 material adverse impact on the Group’s financial position,
                 performance and prospects.
     44 44S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0
             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                                                                                                                                                                       S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 45
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 45



               DIRECTORS’ REPORT (continued)                                                                                                                DIRECTORS’ REPORT (continued)
               3.          Operating and Financial Review (continued)                                                                                       3.        Operating and Financial Review (continued)
               3.2         Review of Financial Condition (continued)                                                                                        3.2       Review of Financial Condition (continued)

               (f)         Material Business Risks (continued)                                                                                              (f)       Material Business Risks (continued)




For personal use only
                 Risks                                                                   Mitigating Actions (including but not limited to)                   Risks                                                                Mitigating Actions (including but not limited to)
                 7.     Cyber Security and Information Technology                        As a retailer, the protection of customer, team, third party and    12. Financial Risk                                                       Financial risks and specific risk management approaches
                                                                                         company data is critical to Super Retail Group’s operations.                                                                                  are reported in more detail in the Notes to the
                 A significant breach of customer, employee, third party or                                                                                  The Group’s activities expose it to a number of financial
                                                                                         Controls include:                                                                                                                             Consolidated Financial Statements.
                 company data could attract media attention, damage the                                                                                      risks. The Group adopts a financial risk management program
                                                                                             Cyber policy;
                 Group’s team members, customer or supplier relationships and                                                                                which seeks to minimise potential adverse impacts on the
                                                                                             Cyber Security training;
                 reputation and result in lost sales, penalties or litigation.                                                                               financial performance of the Group.
                                                                                             Incident response procedures;
                 The Group relies on various information technology systems for              Antivirus scanning;                                            There are also other changes in the domestic and global
                 its business operations and to maximise efficiency, including               Intrusion detection;                                           macroeconomic environment associated with the events
                 through inventory management software, payment systems                      Security Operations Centre;                                    relating to COVID-19 that are beyond the control of the Group
                 and online sales platforms. Any sustained and unplanned                     Hardening of devices;                                          and may be exacerbated in an economic recession or
                 downtime of these systems, including as a result of                         Disaster recovery plan; and                                    downturn. These include, but are not limited to:
                 cybersecurity attacks, system failures, network disruptions and             Business continuity plan.                                      •   changes in inflation, interest rates and foreign currency
                 other malicious or non-malicious incidents, could have a                                                                                        exchange rates;
                                                                                         Additional controls implemented to mitigate the impacts of
                 material adverse impact on the Group’s ability to operate its                                                                               •   changes in employment levels and labour costs;
                                                                                         COVID-19 include:
                 business and consequently its reputation and financial                                                                                      •   changes in aggregate investment and economic output;
                                                                                            Refresher for enhanced security awareness training
                 performance.                                                                                                                                    and
                                                                                             (phishing); and
                                                                                                                                                             •   other changes in economic conditions which may affect
                                                                                            Active monitoring by Information Security.
                                                                                                                                                                 the revenue or costs of the Group.
                 8.     Business Continuity                                                 Business continuity policy;
                                                                                            Brand and Divisional business continuity plans;                3.3       Dividends
                 Inadequate business continuity capability across the Group
                                                                                            Disaster recovery plan;
                 could lead to significant business disruption which may have a
                                                                                            Training and awareness program;                                Dividends paid or declared by the Group to members since the end of the previous financial year were:
                 material adverse impact on the Group’s financial
                                                                                            Enhanced bandwidth to support work from home; and
                 performance and profitability.
                                                                                            Review IT disaster recovery plans to enhance our offsite                                                                           Cents per share            Total amount                        Payment date
                                                                                             backup and recovery capabilities.                                                                                                                                      $m
                 9.     Natural Disasters                                                   Local store emergency plans;                                     Declared and paid during the year:
                                                                                            The Group Incident Management Plan; and                          2019 final fully franked dividend
                 The Group’s operations (including its ability to open stores),                                                                                                                                                             28.5                       56.2             26 September 2019
                                                                                            Monitor weather conditions.
                 supply chain and profitability could be materially impacted by                                                                               2020 interim fully franked dividend – cancelled                                   -                           -                                n/a
                 natural disasters, extreme weather events (such as floods,
                 drought and bushfires), and other catastrophic events outside
                 of the Group’s control. In addition, demand for certain                                                                                      Declared after end of year:
                 products supplied by the Group could be impacted by levels                                                                                   2020 final fully franked dividend                                             19.5                       44.0                  2 October 2020
                 of consumer participation in activities that may be affected
                 by catastrophic or extreme weather events. There is also a risk                                                                            3.4       Significant Changes in the State of Affairs
                 that, with time, the frequency and intensity of natural disasters
                 and extreme weather events may increase if climate change                                                                                  There were no significant changes in the Group’s state of affairs during the period other than that described in section 3.5 below.
                 accelerates or worsens.
                 10. Sustainability                                                         The Group’s Sustainability Strategy sets out the               3.5       Matters Subsequent to the End of the Financial Year
                                                                                             commitments we aim to achieve by 2030, with key
                 The sustainability of the Group’s business involves maintaining
                                                                                             sustainability indicators such as safety, product,             On 15 June 2020, the Group announced an underwritten 1 for 7 accelerated pro rata non-renounceable entitlement offer to raise
                 and improving a number of practices including identifying
                                                                                             compliance with safety standards and responsible               equity of approximately $202.9 million at a fixed price of $7.19 per share. The equity raising comprised an institutional entitlement
                 issues in the Group’s supply chain (including modern slavery
                                                                                             sourcing practices monitored and reported monthly to the       offer which settled on 24 June 2020 and a retail entitlement offer which settled on 9 July 2020. As a result of the retail entitlement
                 practices), sourcing sustainable materials and packaging,
                                                                                             Executive Leadership Team and the Board of Directors;          6,073,995 new shares were issued on 10 July 2020 for proceeds of $43.6 million. The total number of ordinary shares after the equity
                 fostering product compliance systems that improve product
                                                                                            Commitment to reduce our carbon emissions by 20 per            raising was 225,771,702.
                 safety, promoting gender equality and reducing carbon
                                                                                             cent by 2030 and the Group continues to invest in a range
                 emissions. An actual or perceived failure to adequately
                                                                                             of energy efficiency initiatives across the Brands and         On 7 August 2020, the Group cancelled its bilateral liquidity facility with ANZ for $100 million as it had been fully repaid on 1 June 2020
                 address sustainability-related issues may have an adverse
                                                                                             supply chain;                                                  and was surplus to requirements.
                 impact on the Group’s financial performance, reputation and
                                                                                            Monitoring and managing energy consumption in support
                 operations.
                                                                                             offices, distribution centres and the store retail network;    3.6       Likely Developments and Future Prospects
                                                                                            Commitment for gender equality in leadership roles;
                                                                                            Product compliance system; and                                 Information on likely developments in the operations of the Group is set out in this report under the section Review of Financial
                                                                                            Responsible sourcing framework.                                Condition. Further information on the expected results of operations has not been included in this report because the Directors
                 11. Legal, Regulatory and Compliance                                       Group Compliance Framework;                                    believe it would be likely to result in unreasonable prejudice to the Group.
                                                                                            Policies, procedures and compliance systems;
                 The Group is required to maintain compliance with all                                                                                      3.7       Environmental Regulation
                                                                                            Code of Conduct;
                 applicable laws and regulations, including those relating to
                                                                                            Whistle-blower hotline;
                 consumer protection, product quality, ethical sourcing and                                                                                 The Group’s environmental obligations are regulated under State, Territory, Federal and International Law. The Group has an
                                                                                            Dedicated in‑house legal team;
                 transport. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations                                                                               Environmental Management System in place and a policy of complying with its environmental performance obligations. All material
                                                                                            Monitor changes to regulations and laws;
                 could result in regulatory enforcement action and other                                                                                    environmental performance obligations are monitored by the Board. No environmental breaches have been notified to the Group
                                                                                            Compliance training modules; and
                 claims which could have a material adverse impact on the                                                                                   during the period ended 27 June 2020.
                                                                                            Evaluate any litigation claims and legal proceedings to
                 Group’s reputation, financial performance and profitability.
                                                                                             assess our risks on a principled basis and endeavour to
                 Refer also to the separate risk factor outlined above under
                                                                                             manage our exposure to such litigation or other legal
                 ‘Industrial relations’.
                                                                                             proceedings effectively.
     46 46S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0
             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 4747
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0




               DIRECTORS’ REPORT (continued)                                                                                                              DIRECTORS’ REPORT (continued)
               4.         Non-Audit Services                                                                                                              9.           Rounding of amounts
               The Company may decide to employ the auditor on assignments additional to their statutory audit duties where the auditor’s                 The Company is of a kind referred to in ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors’ Reports) Instrument 2016/191, issued by
               expertise and experience with the Company and/or the Group are important.                                                                  the Australian Securities and Investments Commission, relating to the ‘rounding off’ of amounts in the Directors’ Report. Amounts in
                                                                                                                                                          the Directors’ Report have been rounded off in accordance with that instrument to the nearest hundred thousand dollars or in certain
               The Board of Directors has considered the position and, in accordance with the advice received from the Audit and Risk Committee,          cases to the nearest dollar.




For personal use only
               is satisfied that the provision of the non-audit services is compatible with the general standard of independence for auditors imposed
               by the Corporations Act 2001. The Directors are satisfied that the provision of non-audit services by the auditor, as set out below, did   This report is made in accordance with a resolution of the Directors.
               not compromise the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 for the following reasons:

                   all non-audit services have been reviewed by the Audit and Risk Committee to ensure they do not impact the impartiality and
                    objectivity of the auditor;
                   none of the services undermine the general principles relating to auditor independence as set out in APES 110 Code of Ethics for
                    Professional Accountants, including reviewing or auditing the auditor’s own work, acting in a management or a decision-making
                    capacity for the Company, acting as advocate for the Company or jointly sharing economic risk and rewards.
                                                                                                                                                          S A Pitkin                                                                A M Heraghty
               During the period the following fees were paid or payable for services provided by the auditor PricewaterhouseCoopers and its              Chair                                                                     Group Managing Director and
               network firms for audit and non-audit services provided during the year:                                                                                                                                             Chief Executive Officer
                                                                                                                                                          Brisbane
                                                                                                                          2020              2019          24 August 2020
                                                                                                                             $                 $
                    Audit Services
                    PricewaterhouseCoopers Australian firm:
                       Remuneration for audit and review services                                                      855,736           807,976
                       Other assurance(1)                                                                                    -            13,407
                    Total remuneration for audit and review services                                                   855,736           821,383

                    Taxation and Other Services
                    PricewaterhouseCoopers Australian firm:
                       Taxation Services                                                                               258,577           295,484
                       Equity raise procedures                                                                          45,900                 -
                    Network firms of PricewaterhouseCoopers Australia:
                       Taxation Services                                                                                80,380            56,283
                    Total remuneration for non-audit services                                                          384,857           351,767
               (1) Cyber security review.




               5.         Corporate Governance Statement
               The Group’s Corporate Governance Statement sets out the corporate governance framework adopted by the Board of Super Retail
               Group Limited. This statement is available on the Super Retail Group external website:
               http://superretailgroup.com.au


               6.         Proceedings on behalf of the Company
               No proceedings have been brought or intervened in on behalf of the Company with leave of the Court under section 237 of the
               Corporations Act 2001.


               7.         Auditors Independence Declaration
               A copy of the auditor’s independence declaration as required under section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001 is set out on page
               48.


               8.         Remuneration Report (Audited)
               The audited remuneration report is set out on pages 50 to 78.
     48 48S U
            S UP PE R
                    E RR ER TA
                            E T IALI LG RGORU
                                            OPU PL I M
                                                     L I IM
                                                          T EI TDE D
                                                                   A NANNUNAUL ARLE R
                                                                                    POE PRO
                                                                                          T R2T0 2200 2 0                                                                             S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0   49




                                                                                                                                                    2019 – 2020




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                    Remuneration Report
                                       Auditor’s Independence Declaration
                                       As lead auditor for the audit of Super Retail Group Limited for the year ended 27 June 2020, I declare
                                                                                                                                                    Audited
                                       that to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been:                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 27 JUNE 2020
                                       (a)         no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in
                                                   relation to the audit; and                                                                       Super Retail Group Limited
                                       (b)         no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.       ABN: 81 108 676 204
                                       This declaration is in respect of Super Retail Group Limited and the entities it controlled during the
                                                                                                                                                    ASX Code: SUL
                                       period.




                                         Paddy Carney                                                                                    Brisbane
                                         Partner                                                                                   24 August 2020
                                         PricewaterhouseCoopers




                                         PricewaterhouseCoopers, ABN 52 780 433 757
                                         480 Queen Street, BRISBANE QLD 4000, GPO Box 150, BRISBANE QLD 4001
                                         T: +61 7 3257 5000, F: +61 7 3257 5999, www.pwc.com.au

                                         Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 51
     50 50S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0
             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                                                                                                                                                                                S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 51




               Remuneration                                                                                                     FOR THE YEAR
                                                                                                                                                          Remuneration                                                                                                                   FOR THE YEAR
               Report (Audited)                                                                                            ENDED 27 JUNE 2020             Report (Audited)                                                                                                          ENDED 27 JUNE 2020

               CONTENTS                                                                                                                                    Group sales rebounded strongly                               The Group had two businesses                         deferred into performance rights for a
               Section 1          Summary                                                                                                                  during the fourth quarter as the                              qualify for government wage                          12-month period. The quantum of the
               Section 2          Key Management Personnel                                                                                                 easing of COVID-19 restrictions                               support during March to June of                      adjustment was determined by the




For personal use only
               Section 3          FY20 Executive Remuneration Overview                                                                                     led to a significant uplift in                                $6.5 million. Both Supercheap Auto                   Board, using a sliding scale based on
               Section 4          FY20 Performance and Remuneration Outcomes                                                                               domestic tourism and travel,                                  and Macpac qualified for the                         the performance of the PBT measures’
               Section 5          Detail of the FY20 Executive Total Reward Framework                                                                      personal fitness and outdoor                                  ‘wage subsidy’ in New Zealand and                    distance from target. An above
               Section 6          Executive Remuneration Changes for FY21                                                                                  leisure activities. Following a 26.2                          Macpac qualified for the                             target result for PBT resulted in the
                                                                                                                                                           per cent decline in monthly like-                                                                                  adjustment of 14.8 percentage
               Section 7          Non-Executive Directors’ Remuneration Arrangements                                                                                                                                     JobKeeper allowance in Australia.
                                                                                                                                                           for-like sales in April (versus prior                                                                              points.
               Section 8          Executive KMP Remuneration Outcomes for FY20                                                                                                                                           The effect of the government
                                                                                                                                                           corresponding period) during
               Section 9          Remuneration Governance                                                                                                                                                                support was that $1.5 million                        Additionally, as communicated in
                                                                                                                                                           peak COVID-19 lockdown,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         subsidised store wages and $5.0                      2019, in FY20 the STI award for all
                                                                                                                                                           monthly like-for like sales
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         million paid team members who                        Executive KMP will be paid 80 per cent
                                                                                                                                                           increased by 26.5 per cent in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         were impacted by government                          cash and 20 per cent equity, which
                                                                                                                                                           May and 27.7 per cent in June.
               Introduction                                                                                                                                Following a successful $203 million
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         mandated restrictions.                               will vest 10 per cent in September
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              2021, and 10 per cent in September
                                                                                                                                                           equity raising that was                                      The impact on team members with                      2022. This supports an increase in
               The Directors of Super Retail Group present this Remuneration Report for the 52-week period ended 27 June 2020. The
                                                                                                                                                           completed in July, the Group has                              a 13 per cent reduction of Support                   executive shareholding, enhances risk
               Remuneration Report outlines the Group’s remuneration philosophy and practices, explains how the Group’s 2020
               performance has driven executive remuneration outcomes, and provides the details of specific remuneration                                   a strong balance sheet, with no                               Office team members, and                             management, executive retention,
               arrangements that apply to Key Management Personnel (KMP) in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act                           net debt (excluding lease                                     temporary reduction in available                     and reflects broader market practice.
               2001 (Cth) (Corporations Act) and applicable accounting standards.                                                                          liabilities) and is well positioned to                        hours for casual team members
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              FRONTLINE TEAM THANK YOU
                                                                                                                                                           execute its omni-retail strategy                              during April and May.
               REMUNERATION REPORT APPROVAL AT 2019 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (AGM)                                                                           and pursue organic market share                                                                                    Super Retail Group’s long-held belief
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Further, the Board took into account the
                                                                                                                                                           growth opportunities.                                                                                              that our frontline leaders and their
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   unprecedented challenge and
               Our Remuneration Report for the 2019 financial year received positive shareholder support at the 2019 AGM, with 95.3 per                                                                                                                                       teams are a significant business
                                                                                                                                                           Remuneration outcomes recognise                         complexity faced by management in
               cent of votes in favour of adoption.                                                                                                                                                                                                                           advantage has been strengthened
                                                                                                                                                           the impact of COVID-19 on the                           achieving many positive outcomes,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              during the year. We have asked a lot
                                                                                                                                                           business and the interests of                           including in particular:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              from teams in stores and distribution
                                                                                                                                                           stakeholders.
               SECTION 1                                                                                                                                   EXECUTIVE SHORT-TERM INCENTIVE (STI)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        During FY20 Total Shareholder
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Return for the Group for the 52-
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              centres during the bushfire and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              COVID-19 events. For many, this has
               Summary                                                                                                                                     The Group’s financial performance
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         week period ended 27 June 2020 of                    been a stressful and challenging
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         +2.9 per cent outperformed peers                     period. Nevertheless, they have
                                                                                                                                                           has resulted in the opening of the                                                                                 maintained a strong focus on team
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         in the index (+1.7 per cent
                 GROUP FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE                                 Segment results exclude pre-tax         In addition, a number of              normalised PBT performance gate to                                                                                 wellbeing and delivered for our
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Consumer Discretionary sector).
                                                                             abnormal items of $54.1 million that    measures were taken to                the STI Scheme. The Executive KMP STI                                                                              customers.
                 Overall, the Group delivered a
                 solid trading performance,
                                                                             include remediation of prior years’     protect liquidity and profit,         achievement, as detailed in Section 4                        Normalised EPS at 78.0 cents was
                                                                             team member underpayments, the          including the cancellation of                                                                       an increase of one per cent on the                   In recognition of this significant
                 particularly in light of the                                                                                                              of this report, was commensurate with
                                                                             exit of certain non-core businesses,    the interim dividend of $42.5                                                                       prior year of 77.3 cents. EPS was                    contribution the Group will pay these
                 impact of the COVID-19                                                                                                                    the performance of the Company
                                                                             support office restructure costs,       million and the securing of an                                                                      slightly diluted (by 0.1 cents) due to               frontline leaders and their teams a
                 pandemic. After a challenging                                                                                                             during the FY20 year. The Board
                                                                             accelerated amortisation of certain     additional $100 million liquidity                                                                   the capital raising.                                 one-off thank you payment of up to
                 first half, the Group’s omni-retail                                                                                                       considered the application of
                                                                             assets and termination of interest      facility. The Group was also well                                                                                                                        $1,000.
                 strategy has enabled the                                                                                                                  discretion as a result of the COVID-19                       No reductions in permanent store-
                                                                             rate swaps.                             supported by trade partners           pandemic, with reference to the                                                                                    LONG-TERM INCENTIVE (LTI)
                 business to adapt quickly to                                                                        who rescheduled committed                                                                           based team member employment,
                 changing consumer behaviour                                 Segment results exclude the impact                                            guidance issued by ASIC.(1)                                   together with the full payment of                    The FY18 LTI grant reached the end
                                                                                                                     inventory purchases and
                 and deliver a strong second-                                of AASB 16 Leases to enable a                                                                                                               any team member earned                               of its three-year performance period
                                                                                                                     extended payment terms.               Recognising the impact of COVID-19
                 half performance. This has                                  meaningful comparison with the prior                                                                                                        incentive during the period.                         on 27 June 2020. Only the threshold
                                                                                                                     These actions have positioned         on a range of the Group’s
                 resulted in a full-year result that                         corresponding period.                                                                                                                                                                            Return on Capital (ROC) hurdle was
                                                                                                                     the Group to trade through an         stakeholders, the Board applied a                       Accordingly, the Board determined
                 includes:                                                   IMPACT OF COVID-19                      extremely volatile period.            COVID-19 adjustment and moderated                       management’s STI outcomes be                               achieved. As a result 38.3 per cent
                                                                                                                                                           the in-year STI outcomes downward                       partially reduced and deferred. The                        of the total FY18 grant will vest.
                  Total Group sales of $2.83                                The Group continued to trade            The Group’s omni-retail
                                                                                                                                                           for Executive KMP.                                      Board followed a rigorous process to                       For further detail, refer to Section 4.
                   billion - an increase of 4.2                              throughout the period of                capability enabled it to
                   per cent                                                  government restrictions, with the       respond quickly to the                                                                        assess impacts to stakeholders and the                     Following approval at the 2019 AGM,
                                                                                                                                                           In considering COVID-19’s impact on
                                                                             exception of stores that were           changing environment, which                                                                   approach was externally reviewed. This                     a one-off co-investment grant of
                  Segment EBITDA of $328.1                                                                                                                performance, the Board sought to
                                                                             mandated for closure by                 led to elevated levels of online                                                              outcome is a fair recognition of both                      Performance Rights was awarded to
                   million - an increase of 4.3                                                                                                            moderate and contextualise the
                                                                             government including New Zealand        demand.                                                                                       the adverse impacts on stakeholders                        Mr Heraghty, to the value of $400,000
                   per cent                                                                                                                                strong Group performance by                             and the positive impacts of good
                                                                             and three stores in Tasmania.                                                                                                                                                                    (vesting over a three to five-year
                  Segment EBIT of $236.1                                                                            Keeping stores open while pivoting    considering adverse impacts on                          management execution delivering
                                                                                                                                                           stakeholders, and in particular:                                                                                   period).
                   million - an increase of 3.5                              COVID-19 has had a significant          to meet increased demand in online                                                            strong company performance in the
                   per cent                                                  impact on the Group. Pre-emptive        sales channels enabled the Group                                                              period.
                                                                             actions were initiated to protect the                                              The cancellation of the interim
                  Normalised NPAT of $154.1                                                                         to successfully navigate an
                                                                             health and safety of team members                                                   dividend of $42.5 million on                      The COVID-19 adjustment moderates
                   million - an increase of 1 per                                                                    extremely challenging period and
                                                                             and customers.                                                                      26 March 2020.                                    the STI outcomes by applying a 7.4
                   cent                                                                                              deliver 44 per cent annual online
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   percentage point reduction to the raw
                  Cash flow from operating                                                                          sales growth.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   STI score and requiring a further 7.4
                   activities increased $164.0                                                                                                                                                                     percentage points of STI outcome to be
                   million compared to prior
                   corresponding period.
                                                                                                                                                           (1)   12 June 2020, ASIC Guidance Note: Board oversight of executive variable pay decisions during the COVID-19 pandemic.
     5252 S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0
           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                                                                                                                                                                     S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 53
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 53




               Remuneration                                                                                                     FOR THE YEAR
                                                                                                                                                             Remuneration                                                                                                      FOR THE YEAR
               Report (Audited)                                                                                            ENDED 27 JUNE 2020                Report (Audited)                                                                                             ENDED 27 JUNE 2020


                    EXECUTIVE REMUNERATION FRAMEWORK                       GROUP MANAGING DIRECTOR                   NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR (NED) FEES         SECTION 2
                    CHANGES FOR FY21                                       AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
                                                                                                                     There was no change to NED fees           Key Management Personnel




For personal use only
                    The Group will revise the Executive                    Mr Heraghty’s remuneration was            (including Committee fees) in FY20.
                    total reward framework and                             set by the Board in accordance with the
                                                                                                                     Subject to shareholder approval at              The names and titles of the Group’s KMP, being those persons having authority and responsibility for
                    opportunity in response to the two-                    Group’s Remuneration Framework upon
                                                                                                                     the 2020 AGM, an increase to the                planning, directing and controlling the activities of the entity, are set out below.
                    year business plan formulated in the                   his commencement on 20 February
                                                                           2019.                                     NED fee pool is proposed for FY21 to
                    context of the COVID-19 pandemic.
                                                                                                                     accommodate the addition of a                    Name                        Position                                                                                 Term as KMP
                    The revisions seek to align the reward
                                                                           There will be a moderate increase to Mr   seventh NED as well as future NED fee
                    structure with the measurements of                                                                                                                Chair
                                                                           Heraghty’s base salary in FY21.           and Committee fee increases.
                    performance set by the Board for the
                                                                           Mr Heraghty will be eligible to
                    medium term.                                                                                     There will be no change to the base              S A Pitkin                  Chair and Independent Non-Executive Director                                               1 July 2010
                                                                           participate in the Group’s revised STI
                    It is planned to issue one grant of                    and LTI schemes for FY21 and FY22.        fees for NEDs in FY21.
                    performance share rights for FY21 and                                                                                                             Non-Executive Directors
                                                                           The LTI grant will be subject to
                    FY22 and set the metrics by reference                  shareholder approval at the 2020 AGM.                                                      R A Rowe                    Non-Executive Director                                                                     8 April 2004
                    to the two-year business plan.
                                                                           For further detail refer to Section 6.                                                     D J Eilert                  Independent Non-Executive Director                                                 21 October 2015
                    It is expected that the metrics setting
                    for the LTI plan and timing of grants will                                                                                                        H L Mowlem                  Independent Non-Executive Director                                                      13 June 2017
                    revert to prior practice in FY23.
                                                                                                                                                                      P D Everingham              Independent Non-Executive Director                                              19 December 2017
                                                                                                                                                                      S A Chaplain                Independent Non-Executive Director                                                    31 March 2020
                                                                                                                                                                      G T Dunne                   Independent Non-Executive Director                                                    31 March 2020

                                                                                                                                                                      Former Non-Executive Directors
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 21 October 2015 to
                                                                                                                                                                      L K Inman                   Independent Non-Executive Director
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    22 October 2019

                                                                                                                                                                      Managing Director and CEO
                                                                                                                                                                      A M Heraghty(1)             Group Managing Director and                                                              27 April 2015
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Chief Executive Officer (Group MD and CEO)

                                                                                                                                                                      Executives
                                                                                                                                                                      D J Burns                   Chief Financial Officer                                                          3 December 2012
                                                                                                                                                                      G S Williams                Managing Director - rebel                                                                  2 April 2019
                                                                                                                                                                      A Brandon                   Chief Executive Officer - Macpac                                                           1 May 2019
                                                                                                                                                                      B L Ward(2)                 Managing Director - Supercheap Auto                                                    1 August 2019
                                                                                                                                                                      P A Bradshaw                Managing Director - BCF                                                         25 November 2019



                                                                                                                                                                      Former Executives
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      29 June 2014 to
                                                                                                                                                                      C D Wilesmith               Managing Director - Supercheap Auto
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          31 July 2019

                                                                                                                                                                      (1)   A M Heraghty commenced in the role of Group MD & CEO on 20 February 2019.
                                                                                                                                                                      (2)   B L Ward commenced with the Group on 29 July 2019.

                                                                                                                                                                      B L Ward, Managing Director - Supercheap Auto, joined the business in August 2019. Mr Ward is an
                                                                                                                                                                      experienced retail executive with almost 25 years’ experience and was previously Managing Director,
                                                                                                                                                                      Global Business Coordination for ALDI Supermarkets based in Germany.

                                                                                                                                                                      P A Bradshaw, Managing Director - BCF, joined the business in November 2019. Mr Bradshaw was
                                                                                                                                                                      previously Chief Store Operations Officer at Coles Group and brings more than 30 years of global
                                                                                                                                                                      retailing experience to the Group.
     5454 S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0
           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                                                                                                                                                            S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 55
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 55




               Remuneration                                                                                                   FOR THE YEAR
                                                                                                                                                      Remuneration                                                                                                    FOR THE YEAR
               Report (Audited)                                                                                          ENDED 27 JUNE 2020           Report (Audited)                                                                                           ENDED 27 JUNE 2020


                        SECTION 3
                        FY20 Executive Remuneration Overview                                                                                            Our Remuneration    Attract, motivate and        Differentiate reward to       Alignment to                      An appropriate balance




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                        Objectives          retain executive talent.     drive performance,            shareholder interests             of fixed and ‘at-risk’
                                                                                                                                                                                                         including values and          and value creation                components focused on
                        Our philosophy is to provide flexible and market competitive remuneration arrangements that reflect the                                                                          behaviours.                   through equity                    long-term strategy and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       components granted as             short-term milestones.
                        performance of the Group and its businesses.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       part of long-term
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       incentives or through the
                        The key elements are:                                                                                                                                                                                          deferral of cash based
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       short-term incentives into
                                                                                  Pay-for-                                             Aligned to                                                                                      equity.
                                                      Aligned to                               Equitable and        Recognise
                                                                               performance                                             values and
                              Market                shareholders’              environment -     consistent       performance
                            competitive              sustainable                                 across the           and              prudent risk
                                                                                specific and
                                                         value                                     group           experience         management
                                                                                measurable
                                                                                                                                                        ALIGNMENT OF OBJECTIVES TO OUR REMUNERATION FRAMEWORK

                        FY20 EXECUTIVE REMUNERATION FRAMEWORK                                                                                                                 Base Salary Package        Short Term Incentive (STI)     Long Term Incentive (LTI)            Remuneration Mix

                        The Group MD and CEO, together with the other Executive KMP, are remunerated under a Total Reward
                                                                                                                                                        Strategic Intent    Positioned at the            To achieve Board               To reward Executive              ‘At-risk’ remuneration
                        Framework. The diagram below summarises the FY20 remuneration framework over the period for which FY20                                              median compared to           approved targets, in           KMP for sustainable              consistent with the
                                                                                                                                                        and Market
                        remuneration is delivered and when the awards may vest.                                                                         Positioning         relevant market-based        support of the execution       long-term growth                 broader market.
                                                                                                                                                                            data (similarly sized S&P/   of the Group’s strategy.       aligned to shareholders
                                                                                                                                                                            ASX200 companies),                                          interests.                       Deferral of STI into equity
                                     YEAR 1                                YEAR 2                   YEAR 3                       YEAR 4                                     taking into consideration    Total target cash, (base                                        extends the timeframe
                                                                                                                                                                            expertise and                salary package and STI         Combined, base salary            for receipt of variable
                              FIXED REMUNERATION                                                                                                                            performance in               combined) is intended          package, STI and LTI are         reward outcomes.
                          Base pay, superannuation, non-                                                                                                                    the role.                    to be positioned within        intended to be
                                monetary benefits                                                                                                                                                        the third quartile of          positioned within the
                                                                                                                                                                                                         relevant benchmark             third quartile of relevant
                                                                                                                                                                                                         comparisons.                   benchmark
                                        STI                                                                                                                                                                                             comparisons.

                          Received as 80 per cent cash,                   50 per cent              50 per cent
                         20 per cent deferral; Measured                   of deferred              of deferred
                           across a Balanced Scorecard                    STI award                STI award
                          including Group PBT; Divisional                 to vest                  to vest
                         EBIT; Working Capital efficiency;
                         individual performance targets

                                                      LTI
                         Performance Rights, granted in year one and subject to service and
                          performance conditions for three and four years from grant date.                                      50 per cent
                                                                                                    50 per cent
                                 Earnings per share (EPS); Return on Capital (ROC).                                             of rights
                                                                                                    of rights
                                                                                                    vest                        vest




                        FY20 EXECUTIVE REMUNERATION OBJECTIVES

                        The Total Reward Framework is designed to appropriately reward executives for their contribution to the
                        success of the Group by aligning all remuneration elements to the delivery of both short-term milestones
                        and long-term sustainable value to the Group’s shareholders. Further detail about the FY20 Executive Total
                        Reward Framework is provided in Section 5 of this report.
     5656 S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0
           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                                                                                                                                                                           S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 57
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 57




               Remuneration                                                                                                                   FOR THE YEAR
                                                                                                                                                                       Remuneration                                                                                                  FOR THE YEAR
               Report (Audited)                                                                                                          ENDED 27 JUNE 2020            Report (Audited)                                                                                         ENDED 27 JUNE 2020


                                                                                                                                                                         The Group’s incentive awards           of incentive plan outcomes for            The figures in Table 2 include the
                        SECTION 4                                                                                                                                        are designed to align Executive        participants. This table shows LTI        adjustments made for the
                        FY20 Performance and Remuneration Outcomes                                                                                                       KMP remuneration with business         vesting percentages and                   underpayment of retail




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                         performance. This alignment is         average STI outcome as a                  management and Set Up team
                                                                                                                                                                         demonstrated in Table 2 and            percentage of maximum                     members. This impact is detailed
                        RELATIONSHIP OF REMUNERATION TO                      Significant events/ items are                      Re-organisation costs: Support          shows the variability in the history   opportunity.                              in Tables 5 and 6.
                        GROUP PERFORMANCE                                    considered unusual by their nature                  office restructure costs and
                        The STI Scheme and LTI Plan operate                  and size and/or not in the ordinary                 asset accelerated amortisation
                        to create a clear link between                       course of the business.                             that are significant due to their       Table 2:
                                                                                                                                 size and not in the ordinary
                        Executive remuneration and the                       In FY20, the principal adjustments                  course of operations (digital
                        Group’s performance, motivating                      were in relation to:                                acceleration driving write-
                        and rewarding the Group MD and
                                                                                  Costs incurred for historical                 down of software intangibles).
                        CEO and Executive KMP.
                                                                                   matters over multiple periods in       The Board has reviewed the
                        The performance of the                                     relation to team member                                                                                                                                                                                              LTI vesting
                                                                                                                          adjustments on the normalised PBT                                                                                                                                             outcomes
                        Group over the past five                                   wage underpayments.                    for the purposes of determining
                        years is summarised in Table                                                                      remuneration outcomes in FY20. As
                                                                                  Business closure costs of Infinite
                        1.                                                                                                a result of these adjustments, the                                                                                                                                           Executive KMP
                                                                                   Retail and Autocrew. The
                        UNDERLYING PERFORMANCE                                     equity accounted results for           PBT result for the purposes of                                                                                                                                               average STI
                                                                                   Autoguru are also excluded             determining remuneration                                                                                                                                                     outcome as a
                        Each year, the Board reviews any                                                                  outcomes was assessed at $217.4                                                                                                                                              percentage of
                                                                                   consistent with prior years as
                        significant items, positive and                                                                   million. The normalised PBT was                                                                                                                                              the Executive STI
                                                                                   they are not part of the
                        negative, and considers their                                                                     $218.3 million and the statutory PBT                                                                                                                                         maximum
                                                                                   business strategy.
                        relevance for the PBT results. The                                                                was $155.8 million.                                                                                                                                                          opportunity
                        Board may adjust for any significant
                        events/items to give a clearer
                        reflection of financial performance
                        from one period to the next.


                        Table 1:

                        Financial performance                                       2016(1)               2017          2018             2019            2020

                        Sales ($m)                                                     2,422.2                2,465.8    2,570.4           2,710.4         2,825.2       FY20 REMUNERATION OUTCOMES
                        Normalised profit before tax ($m)                                 155.9                190.5          201.9          206.8           218.3
                                                                                                                                                                         Short-Term Incentive Scorecard         The financial gateway for the STI         27 June 2020, both Supercheap
                        Normalised post Tax ROC (%)                                        10.7                  13.0          13.1             13.3            14.5     Outcomes for FY20                      Scheme of $193.8 million (90 per          Auto and rebel divisions
                                                                                                                                                                         For the year to 27 June 2020, the      cent of target) was exceeded              achieved their EBIT budget.
                        Shareholder value created
                                                                                                                                                                         normalised PBT target was set at       and therefore, as per scheme
                        Normalised earnings per share(¢)                                   55.1                  68.9          73.7             77.3            78.0                                            rules, Executive KMP scorecards           The individual KPI and FY20
                                                                                                                                                                         $215.3 million, 4.1 per cent higher
                                                                                                                                                                                                                were activated.                           achievements, as determined by
                                                                                                                                                                         than the normalised PBT
                        Dividends per share (¢)                                            41.5                  46.5          49.0             50.0            19.5                                                                                      the Board for the Group MD and
                                                                                                                                                                         achieved in the period to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                Divisional profit is measured by          CEO and other Executive KMP,
                        Closing June share price ($)                                       8.77                  8.20          8.10             8.23            8.14     29 June 2019 of $206.8 million.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                segment EBIT performance                  are detailed in Table 3a and 3b.
                    (1)   2016 is a 53-week reporting period compared to 52 weeks for the other five years.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                against budget. In the year to
     5858 S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0
           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                                                                                                                                                          S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 59
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 59




               Remuneration                                                                                                     FOR THE YEAR
                                                                                                                                                           Remuneration                                                                                             FOR THE YEAR
               Report (Audited)                                                                                            ENDED 27 JUNE 2020              Report (Audited)                                                                                    ENDED 27 JUNE 2020

                        Table 3a: Group Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer Performance
                                                                                                                                                             Table 3b outlines the individual KPIs and FY20 achievements as determined by the Board for other Executive
                        The table below outlines the individual KPIs and FY20 achievements as determined by the Board for the                                KMP. The impact of both the COVID-19 adjustment and the equity deferral for Executive KMP is detailed in
                        Group Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer – Mr Heraghty.                                                                   Table 4.




For personal use only
                            Balanced          Measure                      Weighting     Actual         Commentary on Performance                            Table 3b: Other Executive KMP Performance
                            Scorecard                                                    Performance
                                                                                         range                                                                Name             Role               Financial     Business           Customer           People                       STI
                                                                                                                                                                                                  (50%)         Improvement        (10–15%)           (10–20%)                 scorecard
                                                                                                        The PBT result for the Group is $218.3 million.
                            Group             PBT attributable                   35%     Target to                                                                                                              (20–30%)                                                        outcome
                                                                                                        This has been reduced to $217.4 million,
                            Financial         to members                                 Stretch
                                                                                                        reflecting adjustments not included in                P A Bradshaw     MD - BCF            Threshold        Stretch           Target              Target           Target to stretch
                            Performance
                                                                                                        segment PBT.                                                                               to target                        to stretch          to stretch
                                                                                                        The Group 12-month rolling average monthly
                                              Working Capital                    15%     Stretch                                                              A Brandon        CEO - Macpac        Threshold    Below threshold       Stretch            Stretch               Threshold
                                                                                                        net inventory (excluding Group unallocated
                                              Efficiency                                                                                                                                           to target                                                                   to target
                                                                                                        inventory and creditors) result was $249.3
                                                                                                        million.
                                                                                                                                                              D J Burns        Chief Financial       Target          Target               -              Target            Target to stretch
                            Business          Delivery of FY20                   30%     Stretch        Restructuring of FY20 Portfolio plan resulted in                       Officer             to Stretch      to Stretch                          to Stretch
                            Improvement       portfolio benefits                                        significant reduction of spend while
                                              in accordance                                             maintaining delivery of benefits.
                                                                                                                                                              B L Ward         MD -                  Target        Threshold          Stretch            Target            Target to stretch
                                              with plan
                                                                                                                                                                               Supercheap          to Stretch      to target                           to Stretch
                                                                                                                                                                               Auto
                                              Remediation and                            Stretch        Reflects marked improvement of current and
                                              stabilisation of                                          future practice, including the progress               G S Williams     MD - rebel            Target         Stretch         Threshold             Target           Target to stretch
                                              current workforce                                         toward the implementation of a new                                                         to Stretch                       to target           to stretch
                                              planning                                                  workforce planning system.
                                              practices
                                                                                                                                                              OTHER EXECUTIVE KMP                     Mr Ward was assessed at 127.5                outcome to be deferred into
                            Customer          Customer-                          10%     Threshold to   Group Net Promoter Score (NPS) result of
                                                                                                                                                              All Executive Leadership Team           per cent of target as a result of            performance rights for a 12-
                                              centricity                                 target         60.7%
                                                                                                                                                              members, including Executive            strong group financial                       month period.
                                                                                                                                                              KMP, have had the same                  performance and earning
                                              Organic growth                             Stretch        Solid full year performance with continued                                                                                                 Additionally, as communicated
                                                                                                                                                              COVID-19 adjustment applied to          performance of Supercheap
                                              through existing                                          focus on customer value saw growth in                                                                                                      in 2019, in FY20 the STI award for
                                                                                                                                                              their STI outcomes. The following       Auto.
                                              customers                                                 active club members.                                                                                                                       all Executive KMP will be paid 80
                                                                                                                                                              assessments for the other
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Mr Bradshaw was assessed at                  per cent cash and 20 per cent
                                                                                                                                                              Executive KMP were made.
                            People/Risk       Safety                             10%     Stretch        Total reportable injury frequency rate result of                                              108.7 per cent of target as a                equity, which will vest 10 per
                                                                                                        10.58. This represents a 25 per cent                  Mr Brandon was assessed at 57.4         result of strong below-the-line              cent in September 2021, and 10
                                                                                                        improvement year on year, with                        per cent of target as a result of       metrics, with some discretion                per cent in September 2022. This
                                                                                                        improvements across all brands.                       the disappointing performance           due to the uncontrollable                    supports an increase in
                                                                                                                                                              of Macpac in the first half.            impact of the bushfires on the               executive shareholding,
                                              Risk                                       Target to      Measured by the reduction of control risk as          Mr Burns’ performance was               business performance.                        enhances risk management and
                                              management                                 stretch        assessed by internal audit.                           assessed at 136.1 per cent of                                                        executive retention, and reflects
                                                                                                                                                                                                      SUMMARY
                                                                                                                                                              target driven by                                                                     broader market practice.
                                                                                                                                                              outperformance of PBT and               The STI outcomes for
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   The impact of both the COVID-
                                                                                                                                                              strong below-the-line metrics.          Executive KMP are reflected
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   19 adjustment and the equity
                                                                                                                                                                                                      in Table 12.
                        GROUP MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – A HERAGHTY                                                                      Mr Williams was assessed at 126.4                                                    deferral for Executive KMP are
                        The overall outcome of Mr Heraghty as the Group MD and CEO was assessed by the Board to be a performance                              per cent of target driven by            The FY20 STI payment was                     reflected in Table 4.
                        level of 135.4 per cent of target, driven by strong performance across the balanced scorecard.                                        strong group financial                  determined on 20 July 2020.
                                                                                                                                                              performance and earning                 The COVID-19 adjustment
                        A COVID-19 adjustment was subsequently applied to the scorecard outcome, resulting in an adjusted scorecard
                        outcome of 128 per cent.                                                                                                              performance of rebel.                   moderates the STI outcomes by
                        This adjusted scorecard outcome results in an STI outcome payable to Mr Heraghty of $800,000, delivered as                            Mr Ward and Mr Bradshaw were            applying a 7.4 percentage point
                        follows:                                                                                                                              KMP for a partial period of the         reduction to the raw STI score and
                                                                                                                                                              year (eleven months and seven           requiring a further 7.4 percentage
                             $46,250 deferred over a one-year period (deferral to equity for a 12-month period under the COVID-19                                                                    points of STI
                                                                                                                                                              months, respectively). The
                              adjustment);
                                                                                                                                                              scheme applies but payment is
                             $603,000 paid as cash; and                                                                                                      pro-rated.
                             $150,750 deferred over a two-year period (deferral to equity under STI Scheme rules), with 50 per cent payable in
                              one year, 50 per cent payable in two years.
     6060 S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0
           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                                                                                                                                                                                  S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 61
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 61




               Remuneration                                                                                                                          FOR THE YEAR
                                                                                                                                                                             Remuneration                                                                                                   FOR THE YEAR
               Report (Audited)                                                                                                                 ENDED 27 JUNE 2020           Report (Audited)                                                                                          ENDED 27 JUNE 2020

                                                                                                                                                                                LTI OUTCOMES FOR FY20                      Table 6 outlines the subsequent              The estimate increase of $9.2 million
                        Table 4: Impact of COVID-19 adjustment and equity deferral to STI for Executive KMP                                                                                                                vesting and forfeiture adjusting for         since December 2018 has resulted
                                                                                                                                                                                The FY18 LTI grant reached the end
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           the retail management and Set Up             in a $10.3 million after tax expense
                                                                                                                                                                                of its three-year performance




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                          Deferral into                                                                    team member underpayment                     in FY20. The movement in this
                                                                                                      STI Reduction          STI                                                period on 27 June 2020 and 38.3
                                                                                                                                          Equity for 12          STI for                                                   consistent with the outline in the
                                                                           STI Assessment             (percentage        Assessment                                                                                                                                     estimate has two elements. The
                         STI Scorecard Outcomes                                                                                          Months Due to         Standard         per cent will vest as a result of
                                                                           Pre-Adjustment                 points            Post                                                                                           FY19 Remuneration Report. Each               total amount of retail manager and
                                                                                                                                           COVID-19            Payment          performance against the LTI
                                                                                                        foregone)        Adjustment                                                                                        grant is subject to equally weighted
                                                                                                                                          Adjustment                            hurdles. The hurdle for the Return                                                      Set Up team member
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           performance measures (EPS and                underpayments is lower than
                         Executive Director                                                                                                                                     on Capital (ROC) metric was
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ROC).                                        initially estimated. Offsetting this
                                                                                                                                                                                achieved while the hurdle for the
                         A M Heraghty                                              135.4                   7.4              128.0               7.4              120.6                                                                                                  decrease is the identification of
                                                                                                                                                                                Earnings Per Share (EPS) metric was        TEAM MEMBER REMEDIATION
                         Other Executive                                                                                                                                        not met. Percentage vesting is                                                          additional team members also
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           During the year, the Group
                         KMP                                                                                                                                                    determined on a sliding scale. For                                                      impacted by overtime
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           updated its total estimate for team
                         P A Bradshaw                                                                                                                                           further detail, refer to Table 8.                                                       underpayments. Costs to execute
                                                                                   108.7                   7.4              101.3               7.4               93.9                                                     member back payments from $53.2
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        the remediation of $6.8 million after
                         A Brandon                                                 57.4                    7.4               50.0               7.4               42.6          Table 5 outlines the performance           million as at 29 December 2018 to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        tax have been incurred in the
                         D J Burns                                                                                                                                              outcomes for LTI performance               $62.4 million as at 27 June 2020,
                                                                                   136.1                   7.4              128.7               7.4              121.3                                                                                                  period. Ongoing remediation
                                                                                                                                                                                rights granted between the FY16            excluding execution costs.
                         B L Ward                                                  127.5                   7.4              120.1               7.4              112.7                                                                                                  execution costs will be expensed as
                                                                                                                                                                                to FY18 financial periods.
                         G S Williams                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   incurred.
                                                                                   126.4                   7.4              119.0               7.4              111.6


                                                                                                           $                                                                  Table 5: Before adjustment for impact of underpayment of retail management and Set Up team members
                                                    STI                                                Deferred                                    STI
                                                                      COVID-19         STI Post                         STI for     STI Cash                     Total STI
                         STI Payment            Assessment                                               into                                   Deferred
                                                                      Adjustment      Adjustme-                       Standard      Compon-                     Deferred                             Financial              EPS three-year CAGR (50%)                              ROC Averaged (50%)
                         Outcomes                  Pre-                                                 Equity                                   Equity
                                                                      Reduction           nt                          Payment        ent 80%                   into Equity                            Results
                                                Adjustment                                              for 12                                    20%                              Grant Date                       Performance                                      Performance
                                                                                                                                                                                                    determining                        Vested         Forfeited                               Vested            Forfeited
                                                                                                       months
                                                                                                                                                                                                      vesting         outcome                                          outcome
                         Executive
                         Director                          (1)                (2)      (1)-(2)=(3)           (4)      (3)-(4)=(5)         (6)            (7)   (4)+(7)=(8)     September 2015        June 2018          10.9%           29.5%          20.5%              12.2%               26.7%               23.3%
                         AM
                         Heraghty                   846,250                46,250          800,000        46,250        753,750       603,000     150,750         197,000      September 2016        June 2019          11.9%           34.5%          15.5%              13.1%               34.2%               15.8%
                         Other                                                                                                                                                 September 2017        June 2020          4.2%              nil          50.0%              13.7%               39.2%               10.8%
                         Executive
                         KMP
                         PA                                                                                                                                                   Table 6: After adjustment for impact of underpayment of retail management and Set Up team members
                         Bradshaw         (1)       205,443                13,986          191,457        13,986        177,471       141,977         35,494       49,480
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Financial              EPS three-year CAGR (50%)                              ROC Averaged (50%)
                         A Brandon
                                                      71,750                9,250           62,500         9,250          53,250       42,600         10,650       19,900                             Results
                                                                                                                                                                                   Grant Date                       Performance                                      Performance
                         D J Burns                                                                                                                                                                  determining                        Vested         Forfeited                               Vested            Forfeited
                                                    595,438                32,375          563,063        32,375        530,688       424,550     106,138         138,513                             vesting         outcome                                          outcome
                         B L Ward                                                                                                                                              September 2015        June 2018          11.7%           33.5%          16.5%              11.9%                  nil              50.0%
                                                    513,188                29,785          483,403        29,785        453,618       362,894         90,724      120,509
                                    (1)




                         G S Williams                                                                                                                                          September 2016        June 2019          13.8%           44.0%           6.0%              13.0%               33.3%               16.7%
                                                    553,000                32,375          520,625        32,375        488,250       390,600         97,650      130,025
                                                                                                                                                                               September 2017        June 2020          5.3%              nil          50.0%              13.6%               38.3%               11.7%
                         Total
                                                  2,785,068              164,021          2,621,047      164,021      2,457,026     1,965,621    491,405          655,426
                                                                                                                                                                              • ROC vesting reduces for all years due to lower returns. FY18 ROC drops below the vesting hurdle threshold of 12 per cent.
                         (1) Pro-rated value for length of service.
                                                                                                                                                                              • EPS increases in FY18 to FY20. This is due to the lower base EPS years in FY15 to FY17 which results in higher growth in later
                                                                                                                                                                                years.
     6262 S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0
           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                                                                                                                                                              S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 63
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 63




               Remuneration                                                                                                          FOR THE YEAR
                                                                                                                                                                Remuneration                                                                                            FOR THE YEAR
               Report (Audited)                                                                                                 ENDED 27 JUNE 2020              Report (Audited)                                                                                   ENDED 27 JUNE 2020

                                                                                                                                                                 Table 7: Key aspects of the FY20 Scheme
                        SECTION 5
                        Detail of the FY20 Executive Total Reward Framework                                                                                       Scheme                      STI awards are made under the Super Retail Group Short-Term Incentive Scheme




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                                              (the scheme).

                        The Group is committed to creating                   •     the Group MD and CEO; and           VARIABLE OR ‘AT-RISK’ REMUNERATION         Participation                The scheme allows for the invitation to participate to Executive KMP and other
                        a high-performance culture.                          •     other Executive KMP’s.              Variable or ‘at-risk’ remuneration                                      executives.
                                                                                                                       forms a significant portion of the
                        Remuneration and benefits are                            Figure 1:                                                                        Purpose                      The scheme rewards a combination of Board approved financial and non-
                                                                                                                       Executive KMP remuneration
                        set in the context of an overall                                                                                                                                       financial performance measures that articulate performance expectations at
                                                                                 GROUP MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF     opportunity. The purpose of variable
                        policy to provide                                        EXECUTIVE OFFICER                                                                                             both target and over-achievement that are aligned to the execution of the
                                                                                                                       remuneration is to focus executives
                        market-competitive remuneration                                  37%        33%       30%                                                                              Group’s strategy.
                                                                                                                       on the execution of the Group’s
                        arrangements that support
                                                                                                                       strategy and delivery of long-term
                        the attraction, development,                             CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER                                                          Performance Period           The performance period is for 12 months ending 27 June 2020.
                                                                                                                       sustainable value.
                        engagement and retention of                                      39%          37%     24%
                        passionate team members. These                                                                 The information below provides             Financial Gateway            A minimum Group PBT of at least 90 per cent of target must be met before any
                        are also aligned with the interests                      DIVISIONAL MANAGING DIRECTORS
                                                                                                                       detail of the Group’s short-term and                                    short-term incentives are payable. If this level is not reached, the scheme is
                                                                                 (rebel and Supercheap Auto)
                        of shareholders.                                                                                                                                                       deemed to be discretionary and any payment made to Executive KMP will be at
                                                                                                                       long-term incentives.
                                                                                         39%          37%    24%                                                                               the Board’s discretion.
                        For FY20, remuneration                                                                         SHORT TERM INCENTIVE REWARD
                        benchmarking for all Executive KMP                       DIVISIONAL MANAGING DIRECTOR (BCF)
                                                                                                                       Consistent with the prior year, the        Performance Targets         The achievement of individual KPI targets (once the financial gateway has been
                        was sourced from Ernst & Young. The                              43%           31%    26%      FY20 STI Scheme (the scheme) for                                       achieved) shall determine the proportion of the potential bonus entitlement that
                        Board referenced two sets of                                                                                                                                          will be granted.
                                                                                                                       Executive Leadership Team,
                        comparator groups to benchmark                                                                 including Executive KMP, is based
                                                                                     Base            STI         LTI
                        remuneration:                                                                                                                                                         For FY20, the following primary performance goals and weightings were selected.
                                                                                     Salary
                                                                                     Package
                                                                                                                       on a balanced scorecard. Taking a
                                                                                                                       scorecard approach allows                                              These goals are aligned to the Group’s strategic plan.
                           Market Capitalisation
                            comparator group: S&P/ASX                        The remuneration mix for the Group        Executive performance to be
                            200 companies within 50 per                      MD and CEO and for CFO has                assessed in a holistic way for four
                                                                             moved from the prior year as a            key drivers of performance, which is                                                                         Weighting
                            cent to 200 per cent of Super                                                                                                                                          Measures           Category                             Performance Goals
                                                                                                                       outlined in Table 7. The Human                                                                               (% of STI)
                            Retail Group’s 12-month                          result of the increase in STI target
                            average market capitalisation;                   with the introduction of deferral.        Resources and Remuneration
                                                                                                                                                                                               Financial            Financial       50                Net Profit Before Tax (PBT)
                            and                                              This has resulted in a greater            Committee (the Committee)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Divisional Earnings Before
                                                                             proportion of reward being at risk.       governs the design of the STI
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Interest and Tax (EBIT)
                           Market Capitalisation and GICS                                                             Scheme, KPI and target setting, and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Working Capital
                            comparator group: S&P/ASX 200                    The Chief Executive Officer –             the Board holds approval and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Efficiency
                            companies within the                             Macpac currently participates in          discretion over the outcomes.
                            ‘Consumer Discretionary Sector’                  a cash-based retention scheme,                                                                                    Non-Financial        Business        20 - 30           Division business plan
                                                                                                                       MINIMUM SECURITIES HOLDING POLICY
                            Global Industry Classification                   agreed at the time of acquisition,                                                                                                     Improvement                         delivery
                                                                                                                       Commencing FY15, the Board
                            Standard (GICS).                                 with vesting dependent on the
                                                                                                                       introduced a minimum shareholding                                                            Customer        10 - 15           Net Promotor Score (NPS)
                                                                             performance of the Macpac
                        TARGET REMUNERATION MIX                                                                        requirement for NEDs valued at a
                                                                             business.                                                                                                                              People          10 - 20          • Total Recordable Injury
                        The mix of remuneration between                                                                minimum of 100 per cent of one
                                                                             BASE SALARY                               year’s pre-tax base fees. The Group                                                                                             Frequency Rate (TRIFR)
                        fixed and variable components
                        is determined with regard to the                     Base salary comprises base pay and        MD and CEO is to be 150 per cent
                                                                                                                                                                                              The significant weighting of financial outcomes, at a minimum of 50 per cent,
                        seniority of the role, the                           superannuation, and may include           of one year’s pre-tax base salary
                                                                                                                                                                                              maintains a strong link between actual financial performance and incentive
                        responsibilities of the role for                     prescribed non-financial benefits at      and other Executive KMP are to be
                                                                                                                                                                                              paid.
                        driving business performance,                        the discretion of the individual          100 per cent of one year’s pre-tax
                        developing and implementing                          executive on a salary-sacrifice basis.    base salary. This is to be achieved        FY20 Target and Maximum     For the Group MD and CEO and other Executives, the target STI opportunity is 100
                        business strategy, and external                      The Group provides superannuation         within five years of the                   Stretch Opportunity         per cent, and the maximum stretch STI opportunity is 150 per cent of target. For
                        remuneration practices.                              contributions in line with statutory      commencement of employment.                                            each measure, a threshold level of performance is set. This level must be met to
                        Figure 1 shows the remuneration                      obligations.                              This requirement may be extended                                       achieve a score. In setting this threshold, consideration is given to prior year
                        mix based on the base salary                                                                   due to reduced vesting. This is to                                     performance and target.
                                                                             No guaranteed base salary
                        package (as at 27 June 2020) and                                                               further align the interest of NEDs and
                                                                             increases are included in any
                        the incentives payable, assuming                                                               Executive KMP with those of
                                                                             Executive KMP’s service contract.
                        maximum STI is received and full                                                               shareholders (referenced in Tables
                                                                             Approved amendments to base
                        vesting of the LTI Plan for:                                                                   14 and 16).
                                                                             salary packages are effective from
                                                                             the commencement of the new
                                                                             financial year.
     6464 S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0
           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                                                                                                                                               S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 65
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 65




               Remuneration                                                                                                         FOR THE YEAR
                                                                                                                                                    Remuneration                                                                                         FOR THE YEAR
               Report (Audited)                                                                                                ENDED 27 JUNE 2020   Report (Audited)                                                                                ENDED 27 JUNE 2020

                        Use of Discretion                   The Committee, in its advisory role, reviews proposed adjustments to STI                   Allocation Methodology    The number of performance rights granted to each Executive KMP is determined
                                                            outcomes and makes recommendations for any changes to performance                                                    in accordance with the Executive Remuneration Framework and have a value of
                                                            measures, which may only be approved by the Board. The Committee also                                                between 50 per cent and 100 per cent of their base salary package. The
                                                            reviews the nature of the adjustments to earnings to assess the impacts (if any)                                     notional value of performance rights granted to Executive KMP and other




For personal use only
                                                            on remuneration.                                                                                                     executives is determined on a face value basis using the volume-weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                 average price for Super Retail Group shares traded on the ASX over the first five
                        Governance and Approval             The Group MD and CEO’s STI is recommended by the Committee based on his                                              trading days from the day following the release of the Group’s results for the
                        Process                             balanced scorecard performance and is approved by the Board.                                                         preceding reporting period. The value of performance rights for grant purposes
                                                                                                                                                                                 may differ from the accounting valuation shown in the financial statements,
                                                            The amount of STI paid to other Executive KMP is recommended by the Group                                            which considers probability of vesting and other factors.
                                                            MD and CEO to the Committee based on each executive’s balanced scorecard
                                                            performance and is recommended by the Committee for approval by the
                                                                                                                                                       Performance Period        The performance period is three years commencing 1 July in the year the award
                                                            Board.
                                                                                                                                                                                 is made. For the FY20 awards, this is the three-year period from 1 July 2019 to 2
                                                            The Board may apply discretion in determining the STI outcomes to ensure they                                        July 2022.
                                                            are appropriate. By way of illustration, the Board may take into consideration the
                                                            Executive KMP’s alignment to Company values, prudent risk management and                   Performance Hurdles and   Equity grants to Executive KMP and other executives are in two equal tranches of
                                                            the Company’s long-term financial soundness.                                               Vesting Schedules         50 per cent for the three-year compound annual growth rate in normalised EPS
                                                                                                                                                                                 and 50 per cent for normalised three-year averaged ROC.
                        Payment Vehicle                     FY20 STI awards are delivered as 80 per cent cash and 20 per cent deferral to
                                                            equity, with 50 per cent to vest in year two and 50 per cent to vest in year three.
                                                            For FY20, there is a higher deferral due to the COVID-19 adjustment.                       Performance Hurdles and   The performance conditions for performance rights granted in September 2019
                                                                                                                                                       Vesting Schedules         are:
                        Payment Frequency                   STI awards are paid annually. Payments are made in September following the                 (continued)
                                                            end of the performance period.                                                                                        Measures                  Normalised EPS CAGR              Averaged ROC

                                                                                                                                                                                  Weight                    50%                              50%
                    LONG-TERM INCENTIVE REWARD                                                                                                                                    Nature                    Growth of Group                  Group Absolute
                    The Group’s remuneration structure aims to align long-term incentives for Executive KMPs and other executives                                                 Performance Zone          8% to 13% compound               10% to 15% annual
                    with the delivery of sustainable value to shareholders. The alignment of interests is important in ensuring that                                              (Threshold to             annual growth                    average
                    Executive KMPs and other executives are focused on delivering sustainable returns to shareholders, whilst                                                     Maximum)
                    allowing the Group to attract and retain high-calibre executives. The Board has determined that the                                                                                     Below threshold (<8%):           Below threshold (<10%):
                                                                                                                                                                                  Payout
                    combination of EPS and ROC are appropriate measures of sustainable shareholder returns.                                                                                                 0% of elements vested            0% of elements vested
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Threshold (8%):                  Threshold (10%):
                    Table 8: Key aspects of the LTI Plan                                                                                                                                                    30% of elements vested           30% of elements vested
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Target (10%):                    Target (12%):
                                                                                                                                                                                                            50% of elements vested           50% of elements vested
                        Plan                                LTI awards are granted under the Super Retail Group Employee Performance
                                                            Rights Plan (the plan).                                                                                                                         Maximum (13%):                   Maximum (15%):
                                                                                                                                                                                                            100% of elements vested          100% of elements vested
                        Participation                       The plan allows for the annual grant of Performance Rights to Executive KMP and                                                                 Straight-line vesting:           Straight-line vesting:
                                                            other executives.                                                                                                                               Between threshold (8%)           Between threshold (10%)
                                                                                                                                                                                                            and target (10%) and             and target (12%) and
                                                                                                                                                                                                            then target and                  then target and
                        LTI Instrument                      Performance rights are granted by the Group for nil consideration. Each
                                                                                                                                                                                                            maximum (13%)                    maximum (15%)
                                                            performance right is a right to receive a fully-paid ordinary share at no cost if
                                                            service-based and performance-based vesting conditions are met.                                                       Performance Period        If the performance conditions are satisfied within the
                                                                                                                                                                                                            performance period, the performance rights will vest
                                                                                                                                                                                                            over the subsequent years in accordance with the
                                                                                                                                                                                                            following schedule:
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Time after grant of              Percentage of
                                                                                                                                                                                                            performance                      performance rights
                                                                                                                                                                                                            rights:                          that vest:
                                                                                                                                                                                                            3 years                          50%
                                                                                                                                                                                                            4 years                          50%



                                                                                                                                                                                 Under these performance hurdles, for the plan to achieve 100 per cent vesting,
                                                                                                                                                                                 the compound EPS growth must be at least 13 per cent and ROC must average
                                                                                                                                                                                 at least 15 per cent. The normalised EPS measure excludes the value of franking
                                                                                                                                                                                 credits being generated, which are transferred to shareholders through the
                                                                                                                                                                                 Group’s fully franked dividend.
                                                                                                                                                                                 For performance rights granted in September 2017 and prior, the normalised
                                                                                                                                                                                 earnings performance hurdle was as follows:
     6666 S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0
           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                                                                                                                                                        S USPUEPRE R ERTEA I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TAL I LG RGOR U
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                O PU PL ILM
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          I I     E DA ANNNNUUAAL LRREEPPOORRTT 22002200 6767
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           MTI ET D




               Remuneration                                                                                                           FOR THE YEAR
                                                                                                                                                         Remuneration
               Report (Audited)                                                                                                  ENDED 27 JUNE 2020      Report (Audited)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       FOR THE YEAR
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ENDED 27 JUNE 2020


                                                                              Normalised EPS CAGR                 % vesting of Performance Rights                                         employee’s departure the performance rights would only be available to vest to
                                                                                                                                                                                          the extent that the performance conditions are met. In the event the Board has
                                                                                                                                                                                          not exercised discretion, when an employee leaves due to resignation or




For personal use only
                                                                                  10% (threshold)                               50%
                                                                                                                                                                                          termination with cause, all unvested performance rights will lapse.
                                                                                  15% (maximum)                                100%
                                                                                                                                                            Change of Control             Any unvested performance rights may vest at the Board’s discretion, having
                                                                                                                                                            Provisions                    regard to pro-rated performance.
                                                                 The Performance rights for this period will vest on a pro rata basis between these
                                                                 compound annual growth ranges.                                                                                           Any unvested cash LTI as applicable to the Chief Executive Officer – Macpac,
                                                                                                                                                                                          outlined in Table 9, may vest at the Board’s discretion, having regard to pro-rated
                                                                   Performance Period           If the performance conditions are satisfied within the                                    performance.
                                                                                                performance period, the performance rights will vest
                                                                                                over the subsequent years in accordance with the
                                                                                                following schedule:
                                                                                                                                                           The Super Retail Group Employee Performance Rights Plan rules are available on the Group’s website:
                                                                                                Time after grant of         Percentage of                  https://www.superretailgroup.com.au/investors-and-media/corporate-governance/
                                                                                                performance                 performance rights
                                                                                                rights:                     that vest:
                                                                                                3 years                     50%
                                                                                                4 years                     25%
                                                                                                5 years                     25%                            PERFORMANCE-BASED RETENTION ARRANGEMENTS FOR CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – MACPAC
                                                                                                                                                           As part of the acquisition of Macpac, an executive retention scheme was established for the Chief Executive
                                                                 For the performance rights granted in September 2018, the plan details are the            Officer – Macpac, Mr Brandon. The performance hurdles of the retention scheme align to the five-year business
                                                                 same as the performance rights granted in September 2017 with the exception of            strategy disclosed to the market in May 2018. Note, Mr Brandon does not currently participate in the SRG LTI Plan.
                                                                 the normalised EPS CAGR performance hurdle which has an 8 per cent threshold              The retention scheme arrangements for Chief Executive Officer – Macpac are outlined in Table 9.
                                                                 and a 13 per cent maximum.
                                                                                                                                                            Table 9: Retention Scheme arrangements for Chief Executive Officer - Macpac
                                                                 Each year, the Board reviews any significant items, positive and negative, and             Vehicle                                                      Cash
                                                                 considers their relevance for the PBT, ROC and EPS results. The Board may include          Incentive Opportunity                                        NZ$1,500,000
                                                                 or exclude any significant events/items to give a clearer reflection of normalised
                                                                                                                                                            Performance Period                                           Five years (2018 – 2023)
                                                                 financial performance from one period to the next. Significant events/items are
                                                                 considered unusual by their nature and size and/or not in the ordinary course of           Performance Conditions                                       Vesting is tied to the EBIT (CAGR over five years) measured
                                                                 the business, (including prior period store underpayment and remediation costs,                                                                         at three intervals (30 June 2021, 30 June 2022 and
                                                                 business restructuring costs and equity accounted losses – refer to note 4b in the                                                                      30 June 2023) against the consolidated
                                                                 financial statements for the details). In addition, the impact of the accounting                                                                        Macpac business plan as approved by the Board.
                                                                 standard AASB16 Leases, which has been applied for the first year in FY20, has
                                                                 been excluded as it was not included in the financial targets established for FY20.        Payment schedule                                             On the basis that the performance conditions are met at
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         each interval, the retention payment will be made in the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         following manner:
                        Testing and Time                         At the end of three financial years, equity grants are tested against the                                                                               1 July 2021: NZ$500,000
                        Restrictions                             performance hurdles set. Awards will only vest once the Board, in its discretion,                                                                       1 July 2022: NZ$500,000
                                                                 determines that relevant conditions have been satisfied. If the performance                                                                             1 July 2023: NZ$500,000
                                                                 hurdles are not met at the vesting date, the performance rights will lapse. There is
                                                                                                                                                            Eligibility                                                  The executive is eligible to receive payment if EBIT
                                                                 no retesting of performance hurdles under the plan. The Board has discretion to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         achieves plan and he remains employed on 1 July
                                                                 determine that an Award vests prior to the end of the relevant period and retains
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         immediately following each testing date.
                                                                 a discretion to adjust performance related outcomes.

                        Dividends and Voting Rights              Performance rights do not carry voting or dividend rights.

                        Hedging Arrangements                     Participating executives are prohibited from entering into any hedging
                                                                 arrangements in relation to performance rights.

                        Clawback Policy                          There is a Clawback Policy within the plan. The Board may determine any
                                                                 treatment in relation to an Award, both vested and unvested, without limitation,
                                                                 in certain circumstances such as fraud, dishonesty, or breach of obligations
                                                                 (including, without limitation, a material misstatement of financial information).
                                                                 The plan document is available on the Group’s website.

                        Termination Provisions                   Executive KMP must be employed at the time of vesting to receive the allotment
                                                                 of shares. The Board has discretion to amend the employment requirement
                                                                 based on the circumstances associated with the Executive KMP and other
                                                                 executives leaving. The Board has previously exercised its discretion where an
                                                                 employee left due to retirement, retrenchment or redundancy, or termination by
                                                                 mutual consent. The employee may, in these circumstances, retain entitlement
                                                                 to a portion of the performance rights pro-rated to reflect the period of service
                                                                 from the start of the performance period to the date of departure. After the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 69
     6868 S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0
           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 69




               Remuneration                                                                                                              FOR THE YEAR
                                                                                                                                                                  Remuneration                                                                                                          FOR THE YEAR
               Report (Audited)                                                                                                     ENDED 27 JUNE 2020            Report (Audited)                                                                                                 ENDED 27 JUNE 2020


                        SECTION 6                                                                                                                                   SECTION 7
                        Executive Remuneration Changes for FY21                                                                                                     Non-Executive Directors’ Remuneration Arrangements




For personal use only
                        BASE SALARY CHANGES                                Vesting of the deferred STI will occur       APPLICATION OF DISCRETION FOR                NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS’                               There has not been an increase to            Non-Executive Directors’ fees are
                                                                           in two, equal tranches (i.e. 50 per          EQUITY BASED INCENTIVES                      REMUNERATION STRUCTURE
                        The Group MD and CEO base                                                                                                                                                                           the base fee for Non-Executive               determined within an aggregate
                                                                           cent of rights vest one year after           The Board has approved the
                        salary for FY21 will increase by                                                                                                             The Group’s remuneration strategy                      Directors since 2018.                        directors’ fee pool approved by
                                                                           grant and the remaining 50 per
                        $60,000 (5.5 per cent) to                                                                       following principles to guide Board          is designed to attract and retain                                                                   shareholders. The fee pool of $1.2
                                                                           cent will vest two years after grant).                                                                                                           The Board Chair receives an all-
                        $1,150,000, positioning base pay                                                                discretion (if any), in relation to the      experienced, qualified Non-                                                                         million per annum was approved at
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            inclusive fee and no other fees (e.g.
                        at the 64th percentile against the                 Accumulated dividend equivalent              outcomes for awards under existing           Executive Directors and to                                                                          the AGM on 23 October 2013.
                                                                           payments will be received when                                                                                                                   Committee fees) are paid. Fees are
                        market capitilisation comparator                                                                equity-based incentive plans:                remunerate appropriately to
                                                                           awards are fully vested.                                                                                                                         inclusive of superannuation                  NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS’ FEES
                        group, inclusive of an allowance                                                                   Preserve the purpose and                 reflect the responsibilities of the                    contributions required by the
                        for car and home office usage.                     The deferred STI awards will be                  integrity of the LTI Plan;               position. Non-Executive Directors                                                                   The fees paid to Non-Executive
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Superannuation Guarantee
                                                                           subject to the same clawback                                                              receive fees to recognise their                                                                     Directors are set out in Table 10a
                        The comparator benchmarks                                                                          Maintain the integrity of each                                                                  legislation.
                                                                           provisions as the LTI (for further detail                                                 contribution to the work of the                                                                     and are annual fees, inclusive
                        show that overall Executive KMP                                                                     year’s remuneration as
                                                                           on the LTI Clawback Policy, refer to                                                      Board and the associated                               Non-Executive Directors do not               of superannuation, unless
                        base salary package and short-                                                                      awarded;
                                                                           Table 8).                                                                                 Committees on which they serve.                        receive any performance-related              otherwise stated.
                        term incentive packages for FY21
                                                                                                                           Maintain the level of                                                                           remuneration. Non-Executive
                        year will be in the range of the                   VARIABLE REWARD FRAMEWORK                                                                                                                                                                     NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS’ POOL
                                                                                                                            performance expected when                The Nominations Committee                              Directors may opt each year to
                        50th and 75th percentile of the                                                                                                                                                                                                                  AND COMMITTEE CHANGES- FY21
                                                                           The Group will revise the Executive              the original targets were set;           reviews the level of fees annually.                    receive a proportion of their
                        respective market comparator
                                                                           total reward framework and                                                                Under the current fee framework,                       remuneration in Super Retail Group           Subject to shareholder approval at
                        group.                                             opportunity in response to a two-               Be consistent with general
                                                                                                                                                                     Non-Executive Directors are                            Limited shares, which would be               the 2020 AGM, the fee pool will
                                                                           year business plan formulated for                market/security-holder
                        The base salary for Mr Ward for                                                                                                              remunerated by way of a base                           acquired on market. Non-Executive            increase to $1.5 million to
                                                                           the context of the COVID-19                      expectations, particularly for
                        FY21 will increase by $25,000 (four                                                                                                          fee, with additional fees paid                         Directors are not eligible for               accommodate a new director,
                                                                           pandemic.                                        the alignment of performance-
                        per cent) to $725,000, positioning                                                                                                           to the Chairs and members                              termination payments or to receive           taking the number of Non-Executive
                                                                                                                            based remuneration with the
                        base pay between the 62.5 and                      This will apply to all Executive                 interests of shareholders;               of Committees; namely, the                             retirement benefits other than               Directors from six to seven and to
                        75th percentile against the All ASX                Leadership Team members                                                                   Audit and Risk, and the                                superannuation on resignation or             support a modest increase in
                        Retail comparator group.                           (inclusive of KMP).                             Be able to be implemented                                                                       retirement from the Board.                   Committee Chair and Committee
                                                                                                                                                                     Human Resources and
                                                                                                                            without requiring special                                                                                                                    member fees commensurate with
                        The base salary for Mr Williams for                The revisions seek to align the                                                           Remuneration committees.
                                                                                                                            approvals, for example from the                                                                                                              market benchmarking. If approved,
                        FY21 will increase by $25,000 (four                reward structure with the                                                                 This reflects the additional
                                                                                                                            ASX or security-holders;                                                                                                                     the increases will be effective from
                        per cent) to $725,000, positioning                 measurements of performance set                                                           time commitment required
                                                                                                                           Not hinder the success of any            by the Chairs and members                                                                           the date of the AGM. For further
                        base pay between the 62.5 and                      by the Board for the medium term.
                                                                                                                            transaction (such as a                   of these committees.                                                                                detail, refer to Table 10b. There will
                        75th percentile against the All ASX
                                                                           In considering these revisions, the              significant acquisition) given                                                                                                               be no increase to base fees for
                        Retail comparator group.                           Board plans to replace elements of               that executives do not                                                                                                                       NEDs in FY21.
                        Other Executive KMP are not                        the current LTI arrangement for FY21             otherwise receive incentive
                        receiving a base salary increase                   and FY22 for all Executive                       type payments for merger and            Table 10a: FY20
                        for FY21.                                          Leadership Team members                          acquisition activity;
                                                                           (inclusive of KMP).                                                                                                                                   Audit and Risk        Human Resources and                            Nomination
                        CONTINUED IMPLEMENTATION OF                                                                        Discretion should only be                   Annual Fees                      Board
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Committee           Remuneration Committee                          Committee
                        DEFERRED SHORT TERM INCENTIVE                      The Board is focused on revisions                exercised for events or items
                                                                           that:                                            over the performance period                     Chair(1)                    $313,650                    $25,000                       $25,000                                    Nil
                        As indicated in FY19, the
                        Executive KMP are transitioning                         Are aligned to shareholder                 that have a material impact on
                        towards a 30 per cent deferral                           interests;                                 the outcome; and                              Members                       $141,143                    $10,000                       $10,000                                    Nil
                        over two years. FY21 is the                                                                        Adjustments (positive and
                                                                                Allow for flexibility in the face of                                               (1) Committee fees are not paid to the Chair.
                        second year of the transition and,                                                                  negative) are made at the time
                                                                                 unprecedented times;
                        as such, STI outcomes in FY21 will                                                                  of vesting (there may be more           There was no change to Non–Executive Directors’ fees (including Committee fees) in FY20.
                        be subjected to an increased                            Maintain total target variable             than one relevant event during
                        deferral from 20 per cent to 30 per                      reward over FY21 and FY22.                 the performance period).                Table 10b: FY21
                        cent. Accordingly, there is a
                                                                           The Board anticipates issuing one
                        further increase to the target STI                                                                                                                                                                       Audit and Risk        Human Resources and                            Nomination
                                                                           grant covering FY21 and FY22 and                                                             Annual Fees                      Board
                        for each KMP of 14.8 per cent.                                                                                                                                                                            Committee           Remuneration Committee                          Committee
                                                                           aligning the metrics to the two-year
                                                                           business plan.                                                                                   Chair(1)                    $313,650                    $35,000                       $35,000                                    Nil

                                                                                                                                                                          Members                       $141,143                    $15,000                       $15,000                                    Nil

                                                                                                                                                                    (1) Committee fees are not paid to the Chair of the Board.
     7070 S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0
           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                                                                                                                                                                                           S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 71
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 71




               Remuneration                                                                                                                 FOR THE YEAR
                                                                                                                                                                       Remuneration                                                                                                                  FOR THE YEAR
               Report (Audited)                                                                                                        ENDED 27 JUNE 2020              Report (Audited)                                                                                                         ENDED 27 JUNE 2020

                        Details of the remuneration of the Non-Executive Directors of the Group are set out in Table 11.

                        Table 11:                                                                                                                                           SECTION 8
                                                                                                                                                                            Executive KMP Remuneration Outcomes for FY20




For personal use only
                                                                                                          Post-
                                   FY20                          Short-term Benefits                                         Share based
                                                                                                        employment                                                          Details of the remuneration of the Executive KMP of the Group are set out in Table 12:
                                                      Cash                                Non-                                                                              Table 12:
                                                      salary          Cash               monetary          Super-            Performance
                                                     and fees         bonus              benefits         annuation              Rights        Other        Total                                                                                                                                 Share
                                  Name                  $               $                   $                 $                    $             $            $                 FY20                                   Short-term Benefits                       Post- employment
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  based
                          Non-Executive
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Non-                                       Termin-                            Other long
                          S A Pitkin                   313,650                –                     –                  –                   –           –    313,650                                      Cash salary    Cash        monetary       Annual        Super-          ation         Performance            term
                                                                                                                                                                                                          and fees      bonus       benefits       Leave        annuation       Benefits           Rights          benefits(1)          Total
                          S A Chaplain(1)               32,720                –                     –             3,108                    –           –     35,828             Name                         $            $            $             $              $              $                 $                  $                 $
                          G T Dunne(1)                  32,720                –                     –             3,108                    –           –     35,828     Executive
                                                                                                                                                                        Director
                          D J Eilert   (2)
                                                       156,716                –                     –           14,888                     –           –    171,604
                                                                                                                                                                        A M Heraghty(2)                   1,025,648     603,000        43,349       84,019         21,003                  -         205,288            11,148       1,993,455
                          P D Everingham               147,163                –                     –           13,980                     –           –    161,143
                                                                                                                                                                        Other Executive
                          H L Mowlem                   151,729                –                     –           14,414                     –           –    166,143
                                                                                                                                                                        KMP
                          R A Rowe                     128,898                –                     –           12,245                     –           –    141,143
                                                                                                                                                                        P A Bradshaw(3)                     372,560     141,977                -    18,170         15,752                  -          51,017               599          600,075
                          L K Inman      (3)
                                                        51,550                –                     –                  –                   –           –     51,550
                                                                                                                                                                        A Brandon                           379,877      42,600         2,384       61,040         11,396                  -            9,063           48,801          555,161
                          Total                      1,015,146                –                     –           61,743                     –           –   1,076,889
                                                                                                                                                                        D J Burns                           651,297     424,550         2,700        5,563         21,003                  -         238,172             9,362       1,352,647

                                                                                                                                                                        B L Ward(4)                         593,141     612,894        33,625       17,895         21,003                  -          96,676               993       1,376,227
                                                                                                          Post-
                                   FY19                          Short-term Benefits                                         Share based                                G S Williams       (5)
                                                                                                                                                                                                            676,297     503,614         2,700               -      21,003                  -         106,644             1,736       1,311,994
                                                                                                        employment
                                                      Cash                                                                                                              C D Wilesmith            (6)
                                                                                                                                                                                                             50,077             -       3,692        5,122          5,251                  -            4,882            1,165           70,189
                                                                                          Non-
                                                      salary          Cash               monetary          Super-            Performance                                Total                             3,748,897    2,328,635       88,450      191,809        116,411                  -         711,742           73,804        7,259,748
                                                     and fees         bonus              benefits         annuation              Rights        Other        Total
                                  Name                  $               $                   $                 $                    $             $            $
                          Non-Executive                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Share
                                                                                                                                                                                FY19                                   Short-term Benefits                      Post- employment
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  based
                          S A Pitkin                   313,650                –                     –                  –                   –           –    313,650
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Cash                     Non-                                       Termin-                            Other long
                          D J Eilert                   147,163                –                     –           13,980                     –           –    161,143
                                                                                                                                                                                                         salary and     Cash        monetary       Annual        Super-          ation         Performance            term
                          P D Everingham               147,163                –                     –           13,980                     –           –    161,143                                         fees        bonus       benefits       Leave        annuation       Benefits           Rights          benefits(1)          Total
                                                                                                                                                                                Name                          $           $            $             $              $              $                 $                  $                 $
                          H L Mowlem                   151,729                –                     –           14,414                     –           –    166,143
                                                                                                                                                                        Executive
                          R A Rowe                     121,371                –                     –           19,771                     –           –    141,142     Director
                          L K Inman                    166,143                –                     –                  –                   –           –    166,143     A M Heraghty(2,9)                  838,014      317,400       25,916        32,303         20,531                  -        336,949              6,971       1,578,084

                          Total                      1,047,219                –                     –           62,145                     –           –   1,109,364    P A Birtles  (7)
                                                                                                                                                                                                           790,582              -      2,380        41,079         15,399       132,952           (339,972)            17,366          659,786
                        (1)   S A Chaplain and G T Dunne commenced as Directors on 31 March 2020.                                                                       Other Executive
                        (2)   D J Eilert commenced as Chair of the Human Resources & Remuneration Committee from 22 October 2019.
                                                                                                                                                                        KMP
                        (3)   L K Inman ceased to be a Director with effect from 22 October 2019.
                                                                                                                                                                        A Brandon(8)                         54,825      15,454        2,952            7           3,550                  -                 -         61,764          138,552
                                                                                                                                                                        D J Burns   (9)
                                                                                                                                                                                                           654,468      249,375                -   (2,779)         20,531                  -          37,228             8,245         967,068
                                                                                                                                                                        G S Williams       (5)
                                                                                                                                                                                                           167,254      136,986                -    14,215          5,133                  -                 -             270         323,858
                                                                                                                                                                        E A Berchtold            (10)
                                                                                                                                                                                                           203,841              -              -    30,956         15,231       188,160           (248,965)              6,999         196,222
                                                                                                                                                                        C D Wilesmith            (6,9)
                                                                                                                                                                                                           651,469      276,000       48,000        40,905         20,531       445,469               45,525           13,228        1,541,127

                                                                                                                                                                        Total                            3,360,453      995,215       79,248       156,686        100,906       766,581           (169,235)           114,843        5,404,697
     7272 S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0
           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 73
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 73




               Remuneration                                                                                                                                FOR THE YEAR
                                                                                                                                                                                             Remuneration                                                                                                                    FOR THE YEAR
               Report (Audited)                                                                                                                       ENDED 27 JUNE 2020                     Report (Audited)                                                                                                           ENDED 27 JUNE 2020

                 (1)    Includes accruals for long service leave entitlements and accrued long term retention bonus for A Brandon of $48,801 ($61,764 in 2019).
                                                                                                                                                                                               PERFORMANCE RIGHTS OVER EQUITY INSTRUMENTS OF SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED
                 (2)    A M Heraghty was Managing Director of Outdoor from 1 July 2018 to 19 February 2019 and commenced as Group Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer
                        from 20 February 2019. As approved at the Annual General Meeting held on 22 October 2019, A M Heraghty received a Long-Term Incentive grant of 86,294                  The movement during the reporting period in the number of performance rights over ordinary shares in the
                        performance rights and 53,262 performance rights in relation to a one-off co-investment grant. The Long-Term Incentive grant was valued in 2019 based on the Long-




For personal use only
                        Term Incentive Plan in place at the date of commencement as Group Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer. This has been revised to be based on the
                                                                                                                                                                                               Company held (directly, indirectly or beneficially) by each Executive KMP, including their related parties, is
                        share price at the date of the Annual General Meeting and reflecting the Long-Term Incentive Plan conditions that commenced in FY20. The co-investment grant is        detailed in Table 13.
                        valued using the VWAP of the Company’s shares traded on the ASX over the first five trading days of the first trading window following commencement as Group
                        Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer being 21 February 2019 to 27 February 2019, inclusive.

                 (3)    P A Bradshaw commenced as KMP on 25 November 2019. Outcome pro-rated for length of service.
                                                                                                                                                                                               Table 13:
                 (4)    B L Ward commenced as KMP on 1 August 2019. Included in the cash bonus total is a sign on bonus of $250,000. Outcome pro-rated for length of service.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Value of
                 (5)    G S Williams commenced on 2 April 2019. Included in the cash bonus is a sign on bonus for G S Williams of $113,014 ($136,986 in 2019).                                                                                                                                                        performance
                 (6)    C D Wilesmith resignation effective 9 August 2019. Termination benefits are accrued obligations as at 29 June 2019. Mr Wilesmith ceased as KMP on 31 July 2019.                                 Held at                                                                         Held at           rights            Financial year
                 (7)    P A Birtles retired as Group Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer on 19 February 2019.                                                                                                 30 June        Granted                      Lapsed or           Other           27 June         granted             in which grant
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         2019               (1)        Vested        Forfeited        Changes(2)         2020           in year(3)              vests
                 (8)    A Brandon commenced as a KMP effective 1 May 2019.

                 (9)    Cash bonus for FY19 is reflective of a 25 per cent reduction to recognise the impact of the underpayment of retail management.                                                2020              Number          Number        Number         Number            Number           Number                $                   Year
                 (10) E A Berchtold resigned 11 January 2019.
                                                                                                                                                                                                A M Heraghty
                                                                                                                                                                                                2016                        14,685             -        (1,411)         (11,863)                   -       1,411                 n/a       2019, 2020, 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                                2017                        45,586             -       (17,618)         (10,349)                   -      17,619                 n/a       2020, 2021, 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                                2018(4)                     59,526             -              -                -                   -      59,526                 n/a       2021, 2022, 2023
                                                                                                                                                                                                2019                        50,200             -              -                -                   -      50,200                 n/a       2022, 2023, 2024
                                                                                                                                                                                                2020(6)                          -       139,556              -                -                   -     139,556           1,006,644             2023, 2024
                                                                                                                                                                                                P A Bradshaw
                                                                                                                                                                                                2020                               -      40,913                -                -                 -      40,913              315,848              2023, 2024
                                                                                                                                                                                                D J Burns
                                                                                                                                                                                                2016                         9,834             -          (945)          (7,945)                   -         944                  n/a      2019, 2020, 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                                2017                        30,685             -       (11,859)          (6,966)                   -      11,860                  n/a      2020, 2021, 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                                2018(4)                     50,860             -              -                -                   -      50,860                  n/a      2021, 2022, 2023
                                                                                                                                                                                                2019                        44,006             -              -                -                   -      44,006                  n/a      2022, 2023, 2024
                                                                                                                                                                                                2020                             -        44,060              -                -                   -      44,060              340,143            2023, 2024
                                                                                                                                                                                                B L Ward
                                                                                                                                                                                                2020                               -      44,060                -                -                 -      44,060              340,143              2023, 2024
                                                                                                                                                                                                G S Williams
                                                                                                                                                                                                2019                               -           -                -               -                  -           -                    -                     n/a
                                                                                                                                                                                                2020                               -      44,060                -               -                  -      44,060              340,143              2023, 2024
                                                                                                                                                                                                C D Wilesmith
                                                                                                                                                                                                2016                        12,335                -     (1,185)          (9,965)           (1,185)                -                n/a     2019, 2020, 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                                2017                        39,666                -    (15,330)          (9,005)          (15,331)                -                n/a     2020, 2021, 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                                2018                        54,114                -           -         (16,096)          (38,018)                -                n/a     2021, 2022, 2023
                                                                                                                                                                                                2019                        46,940                -           -         (46,940)                 -                -                n/a     2022, 2023, 2024
                                                                                                                                                                                                2020(2)                          -                -           -                -                 -                -                n/a           2023, 2024
                                                                                                                                                                                                (1) Performance rights provided as remuneration to each of the Executive KMP of the Group during the financial year.
                                                                                                                                                                                                (2) Ceased as Executive KMP on 31 July therefore Performance Rights disclosed as being Executive KMP become nil.
                                                                                                                                                                                                (3) The maximum possible total financial value in future years is dependent on the Group share price at exercise date, the minimum possible total value is nil.
                                                                                                                                                                                                (4) These performance rights will partially vest with the announcement of the FY20 results.
                                                                                                                                                                                                (5) All vested performance rights are exercisable.
                                                                                                                                                                                                (6) As approved at the Annual General Meeting held on 22 October 2019, A M Heraghty received a Long-Term Incentive grant of 86,294 performance rights and
                                                                                                                                                                                                    53,262 performance rights in relation to a one-off co-investment grant.
                                                                                                                                                                                                (7) A Brandon has not received any performance rights.
     7474 S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0
           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                                                                                                                                                                                                     S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 75
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 75




               Remuneration                                                                                                                         FOR THE YEAR
                                                                                                                                                                          Remuneration                                                                                                                          FOR THE YEAR
               Report (Audited)                                                                                                                ENDED 27 JUNE 2020         Report (Audited)                                                                                                                 ENDED 27 JUNE 2020

                        The performance rights granted in the current reporting period were valued for the purpose of the financial                                         (ii)       Movement in shares
                        statements using a fair value of $7.72 (with the exception of A M Heraghty – refer Table 13 and Table 17), which is
                                                                                                                                                                            The movement during the year in the number of ordinary shares in the company held directly or indirectly or
                        the share price at the grant date of 1 September 2019.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                            beneficially, by each KMP, including their related parties is detailed in Table 16.
                        The performance rights are expensed over their vesting period in line with the vesting conditions of the
                        performance rights. Refer to Section 5 for details of these vesting conditions.                                                                     Table 16:

                        The value at exercise date for performance rights is the Group share price.                                                                                                             Held at           Exercise of                                                                                       Held at
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Entitlement            In lieu of       Other
                                                                                                                                                                              2020                              30 June          performance          Purchases                                                                     27 June
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             offer             dividends (1)    changes
                        There are no amounts unpaid on the shares issued as a result of the exercise of the options in the 2020 financial                                                                        2019                rights                                                                                          2020
                        year.                                                                                                                                                 Non-Executive
                                                                                                                                                                              Directors
                                                                                                                                                                              S A Pitkin                           42,153                        -          10,000            -                           -              -             52,153
                        OPTION OVER EQUITY INSTRUMENTS OF SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED                                                                                          R A Rowe                         59,936,866                        -               -        8,236,305                   6,098              -         68,179,269
                                                                                                                                                                              D J Eilert                           15,500                        -               -            -                           -              -             15,550
                        No options were granted or vested during the financial year.                                                                                          H L Mowlem                           30,000                        -               -            -                           -              -             30,000
                                                                                                                                                                              P D Everingham                       17,000                        -          23,000            -                           -              -             40,000
                                                                                                                                                                              S A Chaplain                              -                        -               -            -                           -              -                  -
                        REMUNERATION EXPENSE OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL                                                                              G T Dunne                                 -                        -               -            -                           -              -                  -
                                                                                                                                                                              L K Inman(2,4)                       22,175                        -               -            -                           -       (22,175)                  -
                        Table 14:                                                                                                                                             Executive Director
                                                                2016(1)              2017(2)              2018(3)              2019(4)           2020                         A M Heraghty                          40,691                19,029                    -           -                          -                -            59,720
                                                                 $m                   $m                   $m                   $m                $m                          Other Executive
                                                                                                                                                                              KMP
                          Base Salary Package                     5.4                  5.1                  5.2                 5.6               5.2                         P A Bradshaw                               -                     -                    -           -                          -              -                   -
                          Short-Term Incentive                    0.8                  2.1                  0.8                 1.1               2.3                         A Brandon                                  -                     -                    -           -                          -              -                   -
                                                                                                                                                                              D J Burns                             20,833                12,804                    -           -                          -              -              33,637
                          Long-Term Incentive                     0.5                  1.1                  0.5                (0.2)              0.8                         B L Ward                                   -                     -                    -           -                          -              -                   -
                          Total                                   6.7                  8.3                  6.5                 6.5               8.3                         G S Williams                               -                     -                    -           -                          -              -                   -
                                                                                                                                                                              C D Wilesmith(3,4)                     4,347                     -                    -           -                          -        (4,347)                   -
                        (1)   2016 is a 53-week reporting period compared to 52 weeks for the other five years and excludes “Other” remuneration.
                        (2)   During 2017 the number of Executive KMP decreased from six to five which impacts year-on-year comparisons.
                                                                                                                                                                            (1)     Shareholders are eligible to receive dividends in cash or choose to participate in the dividend reinvestment plan.
                        (3)   The 2018 remuneration expense attributable to Executive KMP accounts for the impact of the underpayment of Set Up team members.
                                                                                                                                                                            (2)     L K Inman ceased to be a KMP on 22 October 2019.
                        (4)   The 2019 remuneration expense attributable to Executive KMP accounts for the impact of the underpayment of retail management.
                                                                                                                                                                            (3)     C D Wilesmith ceased to be a KMP on 31 July 2019.
                                                                                                                                                                            (4)     Ceased as KMP therefore shares disclosed as KMP become nil.


                        Total remuneration paid to KMP as a proportion of normalised profit before tax was 4.3 per cent in FY16, reaching 4.4
                                                                                                                                                                            (iii)      Unissued shares under performance rights and options plans
                        per cent in FY17.
                                                                                                                                                                            Unissued ordinary shares of Super Retail Group Limited under the Performance Rights Plan at the date of this
                        The FY18 and FY19 outcomes for Executive KMP were reduced for the team member underpayments and a period
                                                                                                                                                                            report is detailed in Table 17.
                        of transition across the Executive KMP, with a transition to a new Group MD and CEO and temporary reduction in the
                        number of Executive KMP.                                                                                                                            Table 17:
                        In FY20 remuneration paid to KMP was 3.8 per cent of normalised profit before tax (refer to Table 1 and Table 14).                                                                                                    Value per performance right                                      Number of
                                                                                                                                                                                                   Grant date
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     at grant date                                         performance rights
                                                                                                                                                                              1 September 2015                                                                                      $8.17                                                9,952
                        (A)     EQUITY INSTRUMENTS HELD BY KMP
                                                                                                                                                                              1 September 2016                                                                                      $7.99                                             147,054
                        (i)     Shares provided on exercise of performance rights and options                                                                                 1 September 2017                                                                                      $6.38                                             465,885
                        The table below lists the ordinary shares in the Company issued during the year as a result of the exercise of                                        1 September 2018                                                                                      $7.65                                             339,700
                        performance rights. There were no shares issued during the year ended 27 June 2020 on the exercise of options.                                        1 September 2019                                                                                      $7.72(1)                                          674,154
                                                                                                                                                                              Total                                                                                                                                                 1,636,745
                        Table 15:
                                                                                                                                                                            (1)     The performance rights value for the 1 September 2019 grant was $7.72 with the exception of A M Heraghty who received a long-term incentive Grant
                                                                                                          Number of Ordinary Shares                                                 of 86,294 performance rights and 53,262 performance rights in relation to a one-off co-investment grant with these grants averaging a value of $7.21.
                                                                                                                                              Market Value at Exercise      (2)     Refer to Section 5 for details of vesting conditions.
                                        Name                            Incentive Scheme(1)               Issued on Exercise of Share
                                                                                                                                                      Date(3)
                                                                                                             Plans During the Year(2)
                          A M Heraghty                                  Performance Rights Plan                                    19,029                       187,436
                          P A Bradshaw                                                      n/a                                       n/a                           n/a
                          A Brandon                                                         n/a                                       n/a                           n/a
                          D J Burns                                     Performance Rights Plan                                    12,804                       126,119
                          B L Ward                                                          n/a                                       n/a                           n/a
                          G S Williams                                                      n/a                                       n/a                           n/a
                          C D Wilesmith                                                     n/a                                    16,515                       162,673
                          Total                                                                                                    48,348                       476,228
                        (1)   Refer to Section 4 – Performance Rights Plan.
                        (2)   The FY16 and FY17 grants vesting due to hurdles being met.
                        (3)   The value at exercise date for performance rights is determined using the Company share price.
     7676 S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0
           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                                                                                                                                                              S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 77
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 77




               Remuneration                                                                                                         FOR THE YEAR
                                                                                                                                                                Remuneration                                                                                            FOR THE YEAR
               Report (Audited)                                                                                                ENDED 27 JUNE 2020               Report (Audited)                                                                                   ENDED 27 JUNE 2020


                        Plan participants may not enter into                 as shareholders in the reporting         The liabilities insured are legal costs     SECTION 9
                        any transaction designed to                          period amounted to $17,135,677           that may be incurred in defending
                                                                                                                                                                  Remuneration Governance




For personal use only
                        remove the ‘at risk’ aspect of                       (FY19: $30,133,125). Other payments      civil or criminal proceedings that
                        performance rights. As at the date                   made to Director R A Rowe in the         may be brought against the officers
                                                                                                                                                                  The Board’s role, as set out in the Board Charter, includes responsibility to approve and oversee the strategic
                        of this report, there are no                         form of store lease payments during      in their capacity as officers of
                                                                                                                                                                  direction of the Group, to appoint the Group MD and CEO and to oversee the governance, management and
                        remaining unissued ordinary shares                   the reporting period amounted to         entities in the Group, and any other
                                                                                                                                                                  performance of the Group.
                        of Super Retail Group Limited under                  $9,611,168 (FY19: $12,087,041). Rent     payments arising from liabilities
                        Option.                                              payable at year-end was $750,802         incurred by the officers in                 The Board is supported through three standing Board Committees, specifically the Audit and Risk Committee;
                                                                             (FY19: nil). Rent on properties are      connection with such proceedings,           Nomination Committee; and Human Resources and Remuneration Committee.
                        (B) LOANS TO KMP AND THEIR RELATED
                                                                             deemed to be on an arm’s length          other than where such liabilities arise
                            PARTIES                                                                                                                               Each Committee has its own Charter setting out its role and responsibilities, composition, and how it will operate.
                                                                             basis. There were no other               out of conduct involving a willful
                        There are no loans to Executive KMP                  transactions with KMP during the         breach of duty by the officers or the       The Audit and Risk Committee will liaise with the Human Resources and Remuneration Committee, as necessary,
                        and their related parties as at 27                   reporting period.                        improper use by the officers of their       relating to risk, policies and framework relating to KMP remuneration.
                        June 2020 and no loans were made                                                              position or of information to gain
                                                                             (D) INSURANCE OF OFFICERS
                        during the financial year.                                                                    advantage for themselves or
                                                                             During the financial year, the Group     someone else or to cause detriment          Figure 2:
                        (C) OTHER TRANSACTIONS WITH KMP                      has paid premiums to insure the          to the Group. It is not possible to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Human Resources and
                        No Executive KMP held positions in                   directors, officers, and certain         apportion the premium between                                Board                                                                           Remuneration Advisors
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Remuneration Committee
                        other companies that transacted                      managers of the Group as                 amounts relating to the insurance
                        with the Group in the reporting                      permitted by its Constitution and the    against legal costs and those                The Board approves company-wide         The Board has delegated responsibility        The Committee operates
                                                                             Corporations Act 2001. The policy        relating to other liabilities.               remuneration strategy, policy and       to the Human Resources and                    independently of senior executives
                        period. Dividends paid to KMP
                                                                             prohibits disclosure of details of the                                                framework to ensure alignment with      Remuneration Committee to review              and engages directly with
                                                                             insurance cover and the premiums                                                      the Group’s business strategy and       and make recommendations to the               remuneration advisors. The
                                                                             paid.                                                                                 objectives.                             Board in relation to the overall human        requirements for external advisors’
                                                                                                                                                                                                           resources and remuneration practices          services are assessed annually in the
                                                                                                                                                                   The Board reviews and approves (as      of the Group. This includes, but is not       context of remuneration matters that
                                                                                                                                                                   appropriate) the Human Resources        limited to, supporting and advising the       the Committee is required to address.
                                                                                                                                                                   and Remuneration Committee              Board in relation to the Group’s              During FY20, external advice was
                                                                                                                                                                   recommendations. The Board is           human resources strategy including            received from Ernst & Young related to
                                                                                                                                                                   responsible for evaluating the          human resource policies;                      items including market remuneration
                                                                                                                                                                   performance and determining the         remuneration policies; health and             benchmarking and market
                                                                                                                                                                   remuneration of the Group MD and        safety; talent management; and                remuneration practices for
                                                                                                                                                                   CEO and senior executives.              otherwise assisting the Board to              remuneration structures.
                                                                                                                                                                                                           comply with legal and statutory
                                                                                                                                                                                                           requirements in respect of human
                                                                                                                                                                                                           resources and remuneration matters.




                                                                                                                                                                  The Corporate Governance Statement (available on the Group’s website at
                                                                                                                                                                  https://www.superretailgroup.com.au/investors-and-media/corporate-governance/) provides further information
                                                                                                                                                                  about the role of the Human Resources and Remuneration Committee. The membership of the Committee is
                                                                                                                                                                  noted in Section 1 of the Directors’ report, as is the number of meetings and individual attendance during the
                                                                                                                                                                  period ended 27 June 2020.


                                                                                                                                                                  GENDER PAY EQUITY
                                                                                                                                                                  The Group is committed to remunerating all team members fairly and equitably. In recognition of our commitment
                                                                                                                                                                  to gender equality, the Group received the 2019-20 Employer of Choice for Gender Equality (EOCGE) citation from
                                                                                                                                                                  the Workplace Gender Equality Agency (WGEA), the first and only retail business in Australia to be recognised for a
                                                                                                                                                                  citation in the six-year history of EOCGE.
                                                                                                                                                                  In support of gender pay equity, the Group conducts annual gender pay equity reviews. The 2020 review identified
                                                                                                                                                                  a small gender pay gap at an organisation-wide level. This is being addressed at the divisional level. In addition, the
                                                                                                                                                                  organisation is monitoring recruitment, performance and reward processes to ensure we deliver on our
                                                                                                                                                                  commitment to provide equitable, fair and consistent pay arrangements to team members.
     7878S SUUPPE ERRR RE ETAT IALI LG RGOR U
                                            O PU PL I LMI M
                                                          I T IETDE DA NANNUNAULARLERP EOPROT R2T0 2200 2 0                                                                                                                 S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0   79




                Remuneration                                                                                                                               FOR THE YEAR
                Report (Audited)                                                                                                                      ENDED 27 JUNE 2020


                        SERVICE AGREEMENTS
                        Remuneration and other terms of employment for ongoing Executive KMP are formalised in service agreements.                                                        2019 – 2020




For personal use only
                        Each of these agreements provide for the provision of performance related cash bonuses, other benefits and when
                        eligible, participation in the Performance Rights Plans and Option Plans. Restraint provisions are detailed below.
                        All contracts with Executive KMP may be terminated early by either party as shown in Table 18.
                                                                                                                                                                                          Financial
                                                                                                                                                                                          Report
                        Table 18:
                                                                                                                Agreement                                       Commencement
                                                                             Term of                                               Termination
                           Name                                                                               Commencement                                         date with
                                                                            Agreement                                               payment
                                                                                                                  Date(1)                                      Super Retail Group         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 27 JUNE 2020
                           A M Heraghty                                                  Ongoing               20 February 2019           12 months(2)                27 April 2015
                           P A Bradshaw                                                  Ongoing              25 November 2019             6 months(2)           25 November 2019
                           A Brandon                                                     Ongoing                 31 March 2018             6 months(2)                 31 March 2018
                                                                                                                                                                                          Super Retail Group Limited
                           D J Burns                                                     Ongoing                3 October 2018             6 months(2)            3 December 2012
                                                                                                                                                                                          ABN: 81 108 676 204
                           B L Ward                                                      Ongoing                  1 August 2019            6 months(2)                    29 July 2019
                           G S Williams                                                  Ongoing                    2 April 2019           6 months(2)                     2 April 2019
                                                                                                                                                                                          ASX Code: SUL
                        (1)    Commencement date of service agreement.
                        (2)    Payment of a termination benefit on early termination by the Company, other than for cause, equal to the base salary for the period detailed.




                        PERIOD OF RESTRAINT
                        Executive KMP have post-employment restraints within their service contracts.

                        After cessation of employment for any reason, the employee must not compete with the company’s relevant
                        specialty retailing businesses (including direct or indirect involvement as a principal, agent, partner, employee,
                        shareholder, unit holder, director, trustee, beneficiary, manager, contractor, adviser or financier), without first
                        obtaining the consent of the company in writing. These restraints range from periods of 12 months for Group MD
                        and CEO to 3 –12 months for other Executive KMP.
     80 80S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0
             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                                                                                                                                                            S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 81
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 81




               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME                                                                                      CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
               For the period ended 27 June 2020                                                                                                   As at 27 June 2020
                                                                                                                  2020                     2019
                                                                                             Notes                 $m                       $m                                                                                                                2020                         2019
                 CONTINUING OPERATIONS                                                                                                                                                                                              Notes                      $m                           $m
                 Revenue from continuing operations                                                            2,825.2                  2,710.4    ASSETS
                 Other income from continuing operations                                                            0.2                     2.8    Current assets




For personal use only
                 Total revenues and other income                                              5                2,825.4                  2,713.2    Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                285.1                            7.5
                 Expenses                                                                                                                          Trade and other receivables                                                        7                       26.3                          37.6
                 Cost of sales of goods                                                                       (1,555.1)                (1,488.2)   Inventories                                                                        8                     502.4                         560.2
                 Other expenses from ordinary activities                                                                                           Current tax asset                                                                 14                           -                          1.9
                   - selling and distribution                                                                   (371.2)                 (347.8)    Derivative financial instruments                                                  16                           -                          2.8
                   - marketing                                                                                   (79.1)                   (81.9)   Total current assets                                                                                     813.8                         610.0
                   - occupancy                                                                                  (204.9)                 (215.5)
                   - administration                                                                             (403.6)                 (366.4)    Non-current assets
                 Net finance costs                                                            6                  (55.1)                   (21.3)   Property, plant and equipment                                                      9                     227.8                         267.9
                 Share of net loss of associates and joint ventures                           6                   (0.6)                    (2.6)   Right-of-use assets                                                               11                     848.0                               -
                 Total expenses                                                                               (2,669.6)                (2,523.7)   Intangible assets                                                                 10                     874.3                         894.2
                                                                                                                                                   Deferred tax assets                                                               14                         4.9                             -
                 Profit before income tax                                                                        155.8                    189.5    Other financial assets                                                           24(b)                       6.3                          6.9
                 Income tax expense                                                           14                 (45.6)                   (50.3)   Total non-current assets                                                                               1,961.3                       1,169.0
                 Profit for the period                                                                           110.2                    139.2    Total assets                                                                                           2,775.1                       1,779.0

                 Profit for the period is attributable to:
                                                                                                                                                   LIABILITIES
                 Owners of Super Retail Group Limited                                                            110.2                    139.3
                                                                                                                                                   Current liabilities
                 Non-controlling interests                                                                            -                    (0.1)
                                                                                                                                                   Trade and other payables                                                          12                     442.3                         362.7
                                                                                                                 110.2                    139.2
                                                                                                                                                   Borrowings                                                                        13                           -                          3.4
                                                                                                                                                   Lease liabilities                                                                 11                     178.4                               -
                 OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME                                                                                                        Current tax liabilities                                                           14                       17.1                              -
                 Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss                                                                                  Provisions                                                                        15                     111.1                         107.3
                 Changes in the fair value of cash flow hedges                                19                    1.0                    (6.3)   Derivative financial instruments                                                  16                         1.9                          6.2
                 Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                    19                  (1.5)                     2.7
                                                                                                                                                   Total current liabilities                                                                                750.8                         479.6
                 Other comprehensive income for the period, net of tax                                            (0.5)                    (3.6)

                                                                                                                                                   Non-current liabilities
                 Total comprehensive income for the period                                                       109.7                    135.6
                                                                                                                                                   Trade and other payables                                                          12                           -                         49.5
                                                                                                                                                   Borrowings                                                                        13                     247.8                         390.8
                 Total comprehensive income for the period is attributable to:
                                                                                                                                                   Lease liabilities                                                                 11                     760.9                               -
                 Owners of Super Retail Group Limited                                                            109.7                    135.7
                                                                                                                                                   Deferred tax liabilities                                                          14                           -                         23.4
                 Non-controlling interests                                                                            -                    (0.1)
                                                                                                                                                   Provisions                                                                        15                       24.3                          19.7
                                                                                                                 109.7                    135.6
                                                                                                                                                   Total non-current liabilities                                                                          1,033.0                         483.4
                                                                                                                                                   Total liabilities                                                                                      1,783.8                         963.0
                 Earnings per share for profit attributable to the ordinary equity holders
                 of the Company:
                                                                                                                                                   NET ASSETS                                                                                               991.3                         816.0
                 Basic earnings per share                                                     17                  55.8                     70.6
                 Diluted earnings per share                                                   17                  55.3                     69.9
                                                                                                                                                   EQUITY
                                                                                                                                                   Contributed equity                                                                18                     698.1                         542.3
                 The above consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.               Reserves                                                                          19                         7.5                          8.2
                                                                                                                                                   Retained earnings                                                                 19                     285.7                         265.9
                                                                                                                                                   Capital and reserves attributable to owners of Super Retail Group Limited                                991.3                         816.4
                                                                                                                                                   Non-controlling interests                                                                                      -                        (0.4)
                                                                                                                                                   TOTAL EQUITY                                                                                             991.3                         816.0



                                                                                                                                                   The above consolidated balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
     8282 S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0
           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                                                                                                                                                                                   S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 83
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 83




               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY                                                                                                             CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
               For the period ended 27 June 2020                                                                                                                       For the period ended 27 June 2020

                                                                                              Contributed    Reserves   Retained       Total       Non-        Total                                                                                                                    2020                     2019
                                                                                                    Equity               Earnings            Controlling     Equity                                                                                           Notes                       $m                       $m
                                                                                                                        Restated    Restated   Interests   Restated
                                                                                                                                                                       Cash flows from operating activities
                                                                                    Notes             $m          $m         $m          $m         $m           $m
                                                                                                                                                                       Receipts from customers (inclusive of goods and services tax)                                                 3,139.0                  2,995.8




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                       Payments to suppliers and employees (inclusive of goods and services tax)                                   (2,436.6)                (2,438.0)
                Balance at 30 June 2018                                                             542.3        10.3      223.3       775.9       (0.7)      775.2    Rental payments                                                                                                 (51.1)                 (262.7)
                                                                                                                                                                       Income taxes paid                                                                                               (40.6)                   (54.2)
                Profit for the period                                                                    -          -      139.3       139.3       (0.1)      139.2    Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                 20                    610.7                    240.9
                Other comprehensive loss for the period                                                  -      (3.6)           -       (3.6)          -       (3.6)
                Total comprehensive income for the period                                                -      (3.6)      139.3       135.7       (0.1)      135.6
                                                                                                                                                                       Cash flows from investing activities
                                                                                                                                                                       Payments for property, plant and equipment and computer software                                                (68.4)                   (89.8)
                Transactions with owners in
                                                                                                                                                                       Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                                                                 0.6                        -
                their capacity as owners
                                                                                                                                                                       Payments for acquisitions of investments in associates/joint ventures                   24(b)                         -                   (0.7)
                Dividends provided for or paid                                           22              -          -      (96.7)      (96.7)          -      (96.7)
                                                                                                                                                                       Acquisition of subsidiary, net of cash acquired                                         24(a)                    (0.1)                         -
                Employee performance rights                                              19              -        1.3           -        1.3           -         1.3
                Change in ownership interest in controlled entities                 24(a)                                                                              Net cash (outflow) from investing activities                                                                    (67.9)                   (90.5)
                                                                                                         -        0.2           -        0.2         0.4         0.6
                                                                                                         -        1.5      (96.7)      (95.2)        0.4      (94.8)
                                                                                                                                                                       Cash flows from financing activities
                Balance at 29 June 2019                                                             542.3         8.2      265.9       816.4       (0.4)      816.0
                                                                                                                                                                       Proceeds from borrowings                                                                                        963.0                    946.0
                                                                                                                                                                       Repayment of borrowings                                                                                     (1,103.0)                  (986.0)
                Change in accounting policy – AASB 16                                                    -          -      (34.2)      (34.2)          -      (34.2)
                                                                                                                                                                       Lease principal payments                                                                                      (171.8)                     (3.3)
                Restated total equity at 29 June 2019                                               542.3         8.2      231.7       782.2       (0.4)      781.8
                                                                                                                                                                       Borrowing costs paid                                                                                             (0.2)                    (2.4)
                                                                                                                                                                       Interest paid                                                                                                   (53.6)                   (16.0)
                Profit for the period                                                                    -          -      110.2       110.2           -      110.2    Proceeds from issue of shares, net of transaction costs                                                         157.0                          -
                Other comprehensive loss for the period                                                  -      (0.5)           -       (0.5)          -       (0.5)   Dividends paid to Company’s shareholders                                                  22                    (56.2)                   (96.7)
                Total comprehensive income for the period                                                -      (0.5)      110.2       109.7           -      109.7    Net cash (outflow) from financing activities                                                                  (264.8)                  (158.4)

                Transactions with owners in
                                                                                                                                                                       Net increase / (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                          278.0                     (8.0)
                their capacity as owners
                Contributions of equity, net of transaction costs                        18         155.8           -           -      155.8           -      155.8
                                                                                                                                                                       Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period                                                           7.5                     15.2
                Dividends provided for or paid                                           22              -          -      (56.2)      (56.2)          -      (56.2)
                                                                                                                                                                       Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                                    (0.4)                      0.3
                Employee performance rights                                              19              -        0.2           -        0.2           -        0.2
                                                                                                                                                                       Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period                                                                  285.1                       7.5
                Change in ownership interest in controlled entities                 24(a)                -      (0.4)           -       (0.4)        0.4           -
                                                                                                    155.8       (0.2)      (56.2)       99.4         0.4       99.8
                Balance at 27 June 2020                                                             698.1         7.5      285.7       991.3           -      991.3
                                                                                                                                                                       The above consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
     8484 S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0
           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                                                                                                                                                          S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 85
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 85




               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
               For the period ended 27 June 2020                                                                                              For the period ended 27 June 2020

                                                                                                                                              1.        Reporting entity
               TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                                                                                                                              Super Retail Group Limited (the Company or parent entity) is a company domiciled in Australia. The address of the Company’s
               Basis of Preparation                                                                                                           registered office and principal place of business is 6 Coulthards Avenue, Strathpine, Queensland.
               1.     Reporting entity                                                                                                   85




For personal use only
               2.     Summary of significant accounting policies                                                                         85   The consolidated annual financial report of the Company as at and for the period ended 27 June 2020 comprises: the Company and
               3.     Critical accounting estimates and judgements                                                                       87   its subsidiaries (together referred to as the Group, and individually as Group entities).
               Group Performance
               4.     Segment information                                                                                                88   The Group is a for-profit entity and is primarily involved in the retail industry. Principal activities of the Group consist of:
                                                                                                                                                  retailing of auto parts and accessories, tools and equipment;
               5.     Revenue and other income from continuing operations                                                                91
                                                                                                                                                  retailing of boating, camping, outdoor equipment, fishing equipment and apparel; and
               6.     Expenses from continuing operations                                                                                91       retailing of sporting equipment and apparel.
               Assets and Liabilities
               7.     Trade and other receivables                                                                                        93   2.        Summary of significant accounting policies
               8.     Inventories                                                                                                        94
               9.     Property, plant and equipment                                                                                      94   This section sets out the principal accounting policies upon which the Group’s consolidated financial statements are prepared as a
               10.    Intangible assets                                                                                                  96   whole. Specific accounting policies are described in their respective Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. These policies
               11.    Leases                                                                                                            100   have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.
               12.    Trade and other payables                                                                                          101
               13.    Borrowings                                                                                                        102   (a)       Basis of preparation
               14.    Income taxes                                                                                                      103
                                                                                                                                              Statement of compliance
               15.    Provisions                                                                                                        107   This general purpose financial report has been prepared in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards, other authoritative
               16.    Financial assets and financial liabilities                                                                        109   pronouncements of the Australian Accounting Standards Board, Urgent Issues Group Interpretations and the Corporations Act 2001.
               Capital Structure, Financing and Risk Management
               17.    Earnings per share                                                                                                112   The consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes of Super Retail Group Limited comply with International Financial
               18.    Contributed equity                                                                                                113   Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.
               19.    Reserves and retained earnings                                                                                    114
                                                                                                                                              Basis of measurement
               20.    Reconciliation of profit from ordinary activities after income tax to net cash inflow from operating activities   115
                                                                                                                                              These financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, unless otherwise stated.
               21.    Financial risk management                                                                                         116
               22.    Capital management                                                                                                122   (b)      Principles of consolidation
               Group Structure
               23.    Related party transactions                                                                                        123   The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets and liabilities of all entities controlled by Super Retail Group Limited as at
               24.    Business combinations                                                                                             124   27 June 2020 and the results of its controlled entities for the period then ended. The effects of all transactions between entities in the
               25.    Deed of cross guarantee                                                                                           125   consolidated entity are fully eliminated.
               26.    Parent entity financial information                                                                               127
                                                                                                                                              (i)      Transactions eliminated on consolidation
               27.    Investments in controlled entities                                                                                128   Intra-group balances and transactions, and any unrealised income and expenses arising from intra-group transactions, are eliminated
               Other                                                                                                                          in preparing the consolidated financial statements. Unrealised losses are eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains, but only to
               28.    Key management personnel disclosures                                                                              129   the extent that there is no evidence of impairment.
               29.    Share-based payments                                                                                              129
               30.    Remuneration of auditors                                                                                          130   (ii)      Subsidiaries
               31.    Contingencies                                                                                                     131   Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The Group controls an entity when the
                                                                                                                                              Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns
               32.    Commitments                                                                                                       131   through its power to direct the activities of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred
               33.    Net tangible asset backing                                                                                        131   to the Group. These are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.
               34.    Changes in accounting policy                                                                                      132
               35.    Events occurring after balance date                                                                               133   Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between Group companies are eliminated. Unrealised
                                                                                                                                              losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the transferred asset. Accounting policies of
                                                                                                                                              subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

                                                                                                                                              Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in the consolidated income statement, statement
                                                                                                                                              of comprehensive income, balance sheet and statement of changes in equity respectively.

                                                                                                                                              (iii)     Business combinations
                                                                                                                                              The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for all business combinations (refer Note 23 - Business combinations),
                                                                                                                                              regardless of whether equity instruments or other assets are acquired. The consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary
                                                                                                                                              comprises the fair value of the assets transferred, the liabilities incurred and the equity interests issued by the Group. The consideration
                                                                                                                                              transferred also includes the fair value of any contingent consideration arrangement and the fair value of any pre-existing equity interest
                                                                                                                                              in the subsidiary. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities
                                                                                                                                              assumed in a business combination are, with limited exceptions, measured initially at their fair values as at the acquisition date. On an
                                                                                                                                              acquisition-by-acquisition basis, the Group recognises any non-controlling interest in the acquiree either at fair value or at the non-
                                                                                                                                              controlling interest’s proportionate share of the acquiree’s net identifiable assets.

                                                                                                                                              The excess of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree and the acquisition-date fair
                                                                                                                                              value of any previous equity interest in the acquiree over the fair value of the Group’s share of the net identifiable assets acquired is
                                                                                                                                              recorded as goodwill. If those amounts are less than the fair value of the net identifiable assets of the subsidiary acquired and the
                                                                                                                                              measurement of all amounts has been reviewed, the difference is recognised directly in profit or loss as a bargain purchase.
     86 86S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0
             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                                                                                                                                                                       S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 87
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 87




               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)                                                                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
               For the period ended 27 June 2020                                                                                                                For the period ended 27 June 2020

               2.         Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)                                                                                2.       Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
               (b)        Principles of consolidation (continued)                                                                                               (d)      Goods and Services Tax

               (iii)    Business combinations (continued)                                                                                                       Revenues, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of goods and services tax, except where the amount of goods and




For personal use only
               Where settlement of any part of cash consideration is deferred, the amounts payable in the future are discounted to their present                services tax incurred is not recoverable. In these circumstances the goods and services tax is recognised as part of the cost of
               value as at the date of exchange. The discount rate used is the entity’s incremental borrowing rate, being the rate at which a similar           acquisition of the asset or as part of the item of expense. Receivables and payables in the consolidated statement of financial position
               borrowing could be obtained from an independent financier under comparable terms and conditions.                                                 are shown inclusive of goods and services tax.
               Contingent consideration is classified either as equity or a financial liability. Amounts classified as a financial liability are subsequently   Cash flows are presented on a gross basis. The GST components of cash flows arising from investing or financing activities which are
               remeasured to fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.
                                                                                                                                                                recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority, are presented as operating cash flow.
               (iv)     Investments in associates and joint ventures                                                                                            (e)      Rounding of amounts
               Associates and joint ventures are entities over which the Group has significant influence or joint control but not control. They are
               accounted for using the equity method (see (v) below), after initially being recognised at cost in the consolidated balance sheet.               The economic entity is of a kind referred to in ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors’ Reports) Instrument 2016/191, issued
                                                                                                                                                                by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission, relating to the ‘rounding off’ of amounts in the financial report. Amounts in
               (v)      Equity method
                                                                                                                                                                the financial report have been rounded off in accordance with that instrument to the nearest hundred thousand dollars.
               Under the equity method of accounting, the investments are initially recognised at cost and adjusted thereafter to recognise the
               Group’s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses of the investee in profit or loss, and the Group’s share of movements in other
                                                                                                                                                                (f)      Financial year
               comprehensive income of the investee in other comprehensive income. Dividends received or receivable from associates and joint
               ventures are recognised as a reduction in the carrying amount of the investment.
                                                                                                                                                                As allowed under Section 323D(2) of the Corporations Act 2001, the Directors have determined the financial year to be a fixed period
                                                                                                                                                                of 52 calendar or 53 calendar weeks. For the period to 27 June 2020, the Group is reporting on the 52 week period that began 30
               When the Group’s share of losses in an equity-accounted investment equals or exceeds its interest in the entity, including any other
                                                                                                                                                                June 2019 and ended 27 June 2020. For the period to 29 June 2019, the Group is reporting on the 52 week period that began 1 July
               unsecured long-term receivables, the Group does not recognise further losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made payments
               on behalf of the other entity.                                                                                                                   2018 and ended 29 June 2019.

               Unrealised gains on transactions between the Group and its associates and joint ventures are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s             (g)      New and amended standards adopted by the Group
               interest in these entities. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the asset
               transferred. Accounting policies of equity accounted investees have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the                  The following new accounting standards and amendments to accounting standards became applicable in the current reporting
               policies adopted by the Group.                                                                                                                   period:

               The Group treats transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of control as transactions with equity owners of       AASB 16 Leases
               the Group. A change in ownership interest results in an adjustment between the carrying amounts of the controlling and non-
               controlling interests to reflect their relative interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount of the adjustment to non-         The Group had to change its accounting policies and make retrospective adjustments as at 29 June 2019 as a result of adopting AASB
               controlling interests and any consideration paid or received is recognised in a separate reserve within equity attributable to the owners        16 Leases. The impact of adoption of the leasing standard and the new accounting policies are disclosed in Note 34 – Changes in
               of Super Retail Group Limited.                                                                                                                   Accounting Policies.

               (vi)   Comparatives                                                                                                                              (h)      Impact of standards issued but not yet applied by the Group
               Where applicable, various comparative balances have been reclassified to align with current period presentation.                       These
               amendments have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements.                                                                     Certain new accounting standards and interpretations have been published that are not mandatory for 27 June 2020 reporting
                                                                                                                                                                periods and have not been early adopted by the Group and are listed below. These standards are not expected to have a material
               (c)        Foreign currency translation                                                                                                          impact on the entity in the current or future reporting periods and on foreseeable future transactions.

               (i)       Functional and presentation currency                                                                                                   AASB 2018-7 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Definition of Material [AASB 101 and AASB 108]
               Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency of the primary economic               AASB 2018-6 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Definition of a Business [AASB 3]
               environment in which the entity operates (‘the functional currency’). The consolidated financial statements are presented in                     AASB 2019-1 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – References to the Conceptual Framework
               Australian dollars, which is Super Retail Group Limited’s functional and presentation currency.

               (ii)     Transactions and balances                                                                                                               3.       Critical accounting estimates and judgements
               Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the
               transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at year-             Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including
               end exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in the income statement,                  expectations of future events that may have a financial impact on the entity and that are believed to be reasonable under the
               except when deferred in equity as qualifying cash flow hedges and qualifying net investment hedges.                                              circumstances.
               Translation differences on non-monetary items such as equities held at fair value through profit or loss, are reported as part of the fair
                                                                                                                                                                (a)      Critical accounting estimates and assumptions
               value gain or loss. Translation differences on non-monetary items, such as equities classified as available-for-sale financial assets, are
               included in the fair value reserve in equity.
                                                                                                                                                                The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition, seldom
               (iii)     Group companies                                                                                                                        equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the
               The results and financial position of all the Group entities (none of which has the currency of a hyperinflationary economy) that have           carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are included in the following Notes to the consolidated financial
               a functional currency different from the presentation currency are translated into the presentation currency as follows:                         statements:
                                                                                                                                                                     Note 8 – Inventories;
                    assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position presented are translated at the closing rate at the date of that                Note 9 – Property, plant and equipment;
                     statement of financial position;                                                                                                                Note 10 – Intangible assets;
                    income and expenses for each income statement are translated at average exchange rates (unless this is not a reasonable                         Note 11 – Leases;
                     approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are                  Note 15 – Provisions;
                     translated at the dates of the transactions); and                                                                                               Note 24 – Business combinations.
                    all resulting exchange differences are recognised as a separate component of equity.
     88 88S SUUP PE ER RR RE TA
             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                                                                                                                                                                                             S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 89
                                I L G RO U P L I M I T E D A N N UA L R E P O RT 2020                                                                                                                                                                                     S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 89
        88                   ETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020



               NOTES
               NOTES TO
                     TO THE
                        THE CONSOLIDATED
                            CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
                                         FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                   STATEMENTS (continued)
                                                              (continued)
                                                                                                                                                                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
               For the period ended 27 June 2020                                                                                                                                          For the period ended 27 June 2020
               For the period ended 27 June 2020
               4.        Segment information                                                                                                                                              4.       Segment information (continued)
               4.        Segment information
               (a)      Description of segments
               (a)      Description of segments                                                                                                                                           (b)      Segment information provided to the Group Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer (continued)
               Management have determined the operating segments based on the reports reviewed by the Group Managing Director and Chief
               Management have determined the operating segments based on the reports reviewed by the Group Managing Director and Chief




For personal use only
               Executive Officer that are used to make strategic decisions. No operating segments have been aggregated to form the below                                                                                                                                                    Total    Inter-segment
               Executive Officer that are used to make strategic decisions. No operating segments have been aggregated to form the below
               reportable operating segments. This results in the following business segments:                                                                                                                                                                                        continuing      eliminations/
               reportable operating segments. This results in the following business segments:
                                                                                                                                                                                           For the period ended 29 June 2019             SCA        rebel     BCF     Macpac          operations       unallocated          Consolidated
               Supercheap Auto (SCA): retailing of auto parts and accessories, tools and equipment;                                                                                                                                       $m          $m       $m         $m                  $m                $m                   $m
               Supercheap Auto (SCA): retailing of auto parts and accessories, tools and equipment;
               rebel: retailing
               rebel: retailing of
                                of sporting
                                   sporting equipment
                                            equipment and
                                                      and apparel;
                                                          apparel;                                                                                                                         Segment Revenue and Other Income
               BCF:
               BCF: retailing
                    retailing of
                              of boating,
                                  boating, camping,
                                           camping, outdoor
                                                    outdoor equipment,
                                                            equipment, fishing
                                                                       fishing equipment
                                                                               equipment and
                                                                                         and apparel;
                                                                                             apparel; and
                                                                                                      and
                                                                                                                                                                                           External segment revenue(1)                1,040.6      1,016.4   514.6           138.8        2,710.4                     -              2,710.4
               Macpac: retailing
               Macpac:    retailing of
                                    of apparel,
                                       apparel, camping
                                                camping and
                                                        and outdoor
                                                            outdoor equipment.
                                                                    equipment.
                                                                                                                                                                                           Other income                                   0.1          1.5     0.2             0.1            1.9                   0.9                  2.8
               (b)
               (b)       Segment
                         Segment information
                                 information provided
                                             provided to
                                                      to the
                                                         the Group
                                                             Group Managing
                                                                   Managing Director
                                                                            Director and
                                                                                     and Chief
                                                                                         Chief Executive
                                                                                               Executive Officer
                                                                                                         Officer                                                                           Total segment revenue and other
                                                                                                                                                                                           income                                     1,040.7      1,017.9   514.8           138.9        2,712.3                   0.9              2,713.2
               Detailed below
               Detailed  below isis the
                                    the information
                                        information provided
                                                    provided to to the
                                                                   the Group
                                                                       Group Managing
                                                                                Managing Director
                                                                                             Director and
                                                                                                      and Chief  Executive Officer
                                                                                                           Chief Executive  Officer for
                                                                                                                                    for reportable
                                                                                                                                        reportable segments.
                                                                                                                                                    segments.
               Items not
                     not included
                         included in in Normalised
                                        Normalised Net
                                                   Net Profit
                                                        Profit After
                                                               After Tax
                                                                     Tax (Normalised    NPAT), and
                                                                         (Normalised NPAT),                                              Segment EBITDA
                                                                                                                                     of Segment
                                                                                                                         calculation of
                                                                                                                    the calculation
                                                                                                               from the
                                                                                                    excluded from
                                                                                                and excluded                                              and
                                                                                                                                                  EBITDA and                               Segment EBITDA(2)                            156.1        122.6    40.2            15.6          334.5                (19.8)                314.7
               Items
               Segment
               Segment EBIT,
                         EBIT, are
                               are one-off
                                    one-off charges
                                             charges relating
                                                     relating to
                                                               to business
                                                                  business restructuring,   non-continuing operations
                                                                            restructuring, non-continuing   operations and
                                                                                                                        and other  costs not
                                                                                                                             other costs  not considered
                                                                                                                                              considered part
                                                                                                                                                          part                             Segment depreciation and amortisation       (35.5)       (28.8)   (19.4)          (2.6)         (86.3)                 (0.3)                (86.6)
               of normal operations.
               of normal  operations. Normalised
                                        Normalised NPAT
                                                    NPAT also
                                                           also excludes
                                                                 excludes the
                                                                           the impact
                                                                                impact ofof the
                                                                                            the new
                                                                                                 new leasing
                                                                                                     leasing standard
                                                                                                             standard (AASB
                                                                                                                       (AASB 16   Leases) applied
                                                                                                                              16 Leases)           for the
                                                                                                                                           applied for the first
                                                                                                                                                           first                           Segment EBIT result                          120.6         93.8     20.8           13.0          248.2                (20.1)                 228.1
               time during
               time during the
                           the financial
                                financial year.
                                           year.
                                                                                                                                                                                           Net finance costs                                                                                                                           (21.3)
               Other items not included in total segment NPAT are determined by management based on their nature and size. They are items of                                               Total segment NPBT                                                                                                                           206.8
               income or expense which are, either individually or in aggregate, material to the Group or to the relevant business segment but are                                         Segment income tax expense(3)                                                                                                               (54.3)
               not in the ordinary course of business (for example reorganisations), or are part of the ordinary activities of the business but are unusual                                Normalised NPAT                                                                                                                              152.5
               due to their size and nature (for example professional fees in relation to remediation activities).                                                                         Other items not included in the total segment NPAT(4)                                                                                       (13.2)
                                                                                                                                      Total        Inter-segment                           Profit for the period attributable to:
                                                                                                                                continuing          eliminations/                             Owners of Super Retail Group Limited                                                                                                      139.3
                 For the period ended 27 June 2020                         SCA          rebel       BCF      Macpac             operations           unallocated       Consolidated
                                                                                                                                                                                              Non-controlling interests                                                                                                                  (0.1)
                                                                            $m            $m         $m          $m                     $m                    $m                $m
                                                                                                                                                                                           Profit for the period                                                                                                                        139.2
                 Segment Revenue and Other Income
                 External segment
                 External   segment revenue
                                         revenue            1,119.7
                                                            1,119.7    1,038.6
                                                                       1,038.6                     535.0
                                                                                                   535.0          131.9
                                                                                                                  131.9              2,825.2
                                                                                                                                     2,825.2                     --           2,825.2
                                                                                                                                                                              2,825.2                                                                                                                                       (4) Other items
                 Other
                 Other income
                         income                                   --       0.1
                                                                           0.1                       0.1
                                                                                                     0.1              --                 0.2
                                                                                                                                         0.2                      --              0.2
                                                                                                                                                                                  0.2                                                                         (1) External                                                   not included
                 Total
                 Total segment
                        segment revenue
                                    revenue and
                                              and other
                                                  other                                                                                                                                                                                                                              (2) Segment        (3) Segment
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               segment                                                             in total
                 income
                 income                                     1,119.7
                                                            1,119.7    1,038.7
                                                                       1,038.7                     535.1
                                                                                                   535.1          131.9
                                                                                                                  131.9              2,825.4
                                                                                                                                     2,825.4                    --            2,825.4
                                                                                                                                                                              2,825.4                                                                           revenue               EBITDA           income tax                segment
                 Segment     EBITDA
                 Segment EBITDA(1)
                                      (1)                     174.7
                                                              174.7      126.6
                                                                         126.6                      34.9
                                                                                                    34.9           10.1
                                                                                                                   10.1                346.3
                                                                                                                                       346.3               (18.2)
                                                                                                                                                           (18.2)               328.1
                                                                                                                                                                                328.1                                                                          includes          adjusted for          adjusted for                  NPAT
                 Segment     depreciation
                 Segment depreciation and     and                                                                                                                                          Footnote item                                                             $m                   $m                   $m                       $m
                 amortisation
                 amortisation(2)
                                (2)                          (39.8)
                                                             (39.8)     (30.0)
                                                                        (30.0)                     (19.2)
                                                                                                   (19.2)             (2.9)
                                                                                                                      (2.9)            (91.9)
                                                                                                                                       (91.9)               (0.1)
                                                                                                                                                            (0.1)               (92.0)
                                                                                                                                                                                (92.0)     Non-controlling interest (NCI)                                             1.3                    0.1                      -                      -
                 Segment     EBIT result
                 Segment EBIT result                          134.9
                                                              134.9       96.6
                                                                          96.6                       15.7
                                                                                                     15.7               7.2
                                                                                                                        7.2             254.4
                                                                                                                                        254.4              (18.3)
                                                                                                                                                           (18.3)                236.1
                                                                                                                                                                                 236.1     Team member underpayment remediation and execution
                 Net  finance   costs
                 Net finance costs
                                        (3)
                                        (3)                                                                                                                                     (17.8)
                                                                                                                                                                                (17.8)     costs                                                                         -                   8.9                   2.7                    6.2
                 Total segment NPBT                                                                                                                                              218.3
                 Total segment NPBT                                                                                                                                              218.3     Organisational restructure costs                                              -                   6.1                   1.8                    4.3
                 Segment income tax expense(4)                                                                                                                                  (64.2)
                 Segment income tax expense(4)                                                                                                                                  (64.2)     Loss on divestment of Youcamp                                                 -                   0.6                      -                   0.6
                 Normalised NPAT                                                                                                                                                 154.1
                 Normalised NPAT                                                                                                                                                 154.1     Loss on investment in Autocrew                                                -                   1.1                      -                   1.1
                 AASB16 Leases adjustment(5)                                                                                                                                      (5.9)
                 AASB16 Leases adjustment(5)                                                                                                                                      (5.9)    Equity accounted losses – Autoguru                                            -                   2.2                      -                   2.2
                 Other items not included in the total segment NPAT(5)                                                                                                          (38.0)
                 Other items not included in the total segment NPAT(5)                                                                                                          (38.0)     Provision reversals from previous years                                       -                 (1.7)                 (0.5)                  (1.2)
                 Profit for the period attributable to:
                 Profit for the period attributable to:                                                                                                                                                                                                               1.3                  17.3                    4.0                  13.2
                    Owners of Super Retail Group Limited                                                                                                                        110.2
                    Owners of Super Retail Group Limited                                                                                                                        110.2
                    Non-controlling interests                                                                                                                                       -
                    Non-controlling interests                                                                                                                                       -
                 Profit for the period                                                                                                                                          110.2
                 Profit for the period                                                                                                                                          110.2
                                                                                                                                     (3) Net                           (5) Other items
                                                                                 (1) Segment       (2) Segment                       (3) Net         (4) Segment         Other
                                                                                                                                                                       (5)      items
                                                                                                                                  finance                               not included
                                                                                  Segment
                                                                                 (1)
                                                                                     EBITDA      D&A Segment
                                                                                                   (2)
                                                                                                     adjusted                     finance
                                                                                                                                      costs            Segment
                                                                                                                                                     (4)
                                                                                                                                                    income  tax         not included
                                                                                                                                                                              in total
                                                                                     EBITDA
                                                                                adjusted for     D&A adjusted
                                                                                                           for                adjustedcosts
                                                                                                                                          for       adjustedtax
                                                                                                                                                    income   for              in  total
                                                                                                                                                                            segment
                                                                                adjusted for               for                adjusted for          adjusted for            segment
                                                                                                                                                                                NPAT
                 Footnote item                                                           $m               $m                             $m                 $m                  NPAT$m
                 Footnote item                                                           $m               $m                             $m                 $m                      $m
                 Team member underpayment remediation                                   14.7                  -                              -               4.4                   10.3
                 Team member
                 Execution  costsunderpayment  remediation
                                 to complete remediation                                14.7
                                                                                         9.7                 --                             --               4.4
                                                                                                                                                             2.9                   10.3
                                                                                                                                                                                    6.8
                 Execution costs
                 Accelerated     to complete
                               asset           remediation
                                     amortisation  to support                             9.7                    -                           -                2.9                  6.8
                 Accelerated asset
                 information         amortisation
                             technology   move totocloud
                                                      support                            13.7                13.7                             -               4.1                  9.6
                 information technology
                 Support office           move
                                restructure coststo cloud                                13.7
                                                                                          7.9                13.7-                           --               4.1
                                                                                                                                                              2.4                  9.6
                                                                                                                                                                                   5.5
                 Supportrate
                 Interest  office restructure
                                swaps   early costs
                                              termination                                 7.9
                                                                                          6.0                    --                           --              2.4
                                                                                                                                                              1.8                  5.5
                                                                                                                                                                                   4.2
                 Closure rate
                 Interest  costs of non-core
                                swaps           businesses –
                                        early termination                                 6.0                    -                            -               1.8                  4.2
                 ClosureRetail
                 Infinite        and
                           costs of   Autocrew
                                    non-core    businesses –                              2.8                 0.3                             -               0.8                  2.0
                 Infinite Retail
                 Equity          and losses
                          accounted   Autocrew– Autoguru                                  2.8
                                                                                          0.6                 0.3-                           --               0.8-                 2.0
                                                                                                                                                                                   0.6
                 Equity
                 Provisionaccounted    losses –
                            reversals from      Autoguru
                                            previous  years                                0.6
                                                                                         (1.3)                   -                          -               (0.3)-                 0.6
                                                                                                                                                                                 (1.0)
                 Provisionof AASB
                 Impact    reversals
                                  16from previous
                                     Leases       years
                                            adjustment                                   (1.3)
                                                                                        205.1               176.2-                      37.3-               (0.3)
                                                                                                                                                              2.5                (1.0)
                                                                                                                                                                                   5.9
                 Impact of AASB 16 Leases adjustment                                    205.1
                                                                                        259.2               176.2
                                                                                                            190.2                       37.3                  2.5
                                                                                                                                                            18.6                   5.9
                                                                                                                                                                                 43.9
                                                                                        259.2               190.2                       37.3                18.6                  43.9
     90 90S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0
             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                                                                                                                                                                        S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 91
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 91




               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)                                                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
               For the period ended 27 June 2020                                                                                                        For the period ended 27 June 2020

               4.          Segment information (continued)                                                                                              5.        Revenue and other income from continuing operations
               (c)         Other information                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     2020                      2019
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  $m                        $m
               Revenue is attributable to the country where the sale of goods has transacted. The consolidated entity’s divisions are operated in       Revenue from the sale of goods                                                                                        2,825.2                   2,710.4




For personal use only
               two main geographical areas with the following areas of operation:

               Australia (the home country of the parent entity)                                                                                        Other income
               Supercheap Auto (SCA): retailing of auto parts and accessories, tools and equipment;                                                          Insurance claims                                                                                                         -                      0.7
               rebel: retailing of sporting equipment and apparel;                                                                                           Reversal of contingent consideration                                                                                     -                      1.1
               BCF: retailing of boating, camping, outdoor equipment, fishing equipment and apparel; and
                                                                                                                                                             Sundry                                                                                                                0.2                       1.0
               Macpac: retailing of apparel, camping and outdoor equipment.
                                                                                                                                                        Total revenues and other income                                                                                       2,825.4                   2,713.2
               New Zealand
               Supercheap Auto (SCA): retailing of auto parts and accessories, tools and equipment; and
               Macpac: retailing of apparel, camping and outdoor equipment.                                                                              Significant Accounting Policies
                                                                                                                                                         Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised when a group entity sells a product to the customer.
                                                                                                                       2020               2019
                                                                                                                                                         Sale of goods – retail
                                                                                                                         $m                 $m
                                                                                                                                                         Payment of the transaction price is due immediately when the customer purchases products and takes delivery in store. It is the
                    (i)     Total revenue and other income from continuing operations                                                                    Group’s policy to sell its products to the end customer with a right of return. Therefore, a refund liability (included in trade and
                    Australia                                                                                        2,644.7            2,528.9          other payables) and a right to the returned goods (included in other current assets) are recognised for the products expected to
                    New Zealand                                                                                                                          be returned. Accumulated experience is used to estimate such returns at the time of sale at a portfolio level (expected value
                                                                                                                       180.7              184.3
                                                                                                                                                         method). Because the number of products returned has been steady for years, it is highly probable that a significant reversal in
                                                                                                                     2,825.4            2,713.2          the cumulative revenue recognised will not occur. The validity of this assumption and the estimated amount of returns are
                                                                                                                                                         reassessed at each reporting date.
                    (ii)    Total non-current assets                                                                                                     The group’s obligation to repair or replace faulty products under standard warranty terms is recognised as a provision.
                    Australia                                                                                        1,765.0            1,023.3
                                                                                                                                                         Interest income
                    New Zealand                                                                                        196.3              145.7          Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method. When a receivable is impaired, the Group reduces the carrying
                                                                                                                     1,961.3            1,169.0          amount to its recoverable amount, being the estimated future cash flow discounted at the original effective interest rate of the
                                                                                                                                                         instrument. Interest income on impaired loans is recognised using the original effective interest rate.

                     Significant Accounting Policies
                     Segment reporting
                     Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the Group Managing Director
                                                                                                                                                        6.        Expenses from continuing operations
                     and Chief Executive Officer, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segments.                                                                                                                               2020                      2019
                     Unallocated items comprise mainly corporate assets (primarily the Support Office, Support Office expenses, and income tax assets                                                                                                                              $m                        $m
                     and liabilities).
                                                                                                                                                        Profit before income tax includes the following specific gains and expenses:
                                                                                                                                                        Expenses/(gains)
                                                                                                                                                             Net (gain) / loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                      (0.6)                       0.2
                                                                                                                                                             Share of net loss from associates and joint ventures accounted for using the equity
                                                                                                                                                             method                                                                                                                0.6                       2.6


                                                                                                                                                        Depreciation
                                                                                                                                                             Right-of-use assets                                                                                                180.2                           -
                                                                                                                                                             Plant and equipment                                                                                                 41.9                      41.1
                                                                                                                                                             Motor vehicles                                                                                                        0.1                       0.1
                                                                                                                                                             Computer equipment                                                                                                  13.9                      15.1
                                                                                                                                                             Total depreciation(1)                                                                                              236.1                      56.3
                                                                                                                                                        (1) The impact of applying AASB 16 Leases was an increase of $176.2 million in depreciation to 27 June 2020.




                                                                                                                                                        Amortisation and impairment
                                                                                                                                                             Computer software amortisation                                                                                      46.1                      30.3
                                                                                                                                                             Total amortisation and impairment                                                                                   46.1                      30.3


                                                                                                                                                        Net finance costs
                                                                                                                                                             Interest and finance charges                                                                                        55.1                      21.3
                                                                                                                                                             Net finance costs(2)                                                                                                55.1                       21.3
                                                                                                                                                        (2) The impact of applying AASB 16 Leases was an increase of $37.3 million in net finance costs to 27 June 2020.
     92 92S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0
             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                                                                                                                                                             S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 93
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 93




               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)                                                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
               For the period ended 27 June 2020                                                                                                       For the period ended 27 June 2020

               6.         Expenses from continuing operations (continued)                                                                              7.        Trade and other receivables
                                                                                                                               2020      2019                                                                                                                         2020                       2019
                                                                                                                                 $m       $m           Current                                                                                                           $m                        $m
               Profit before income tax includes the following specific gains and expenses:                                                            Trade receivables                                                                                               10.9                      16.0




For personal use only
               Employee benefits expense                                                                                                               Loss allowance                                                                                                  (0.5)                     (0.3)
                     Superannuation                                                                                             39.3     38.0          Net trade receivables                                                                                           10.4                      15.7
                     Salaries and wages(3)                                                                                     544.4    502.2
                     Total employee benefits expense                                                                           583.7    540.2          Other receivables                                                                                                 7.7                     14.2
               (3) Excludes impact of government grant received disclosed below.
                                                                                                                                                       Prepayments                                                                                                       8.2                       7.7
                                                                                                                                                       Net current trade and other receivables                                                                         26.3                      37.6
               Government grant received
                     Australian JobKeeper for Macpac Retail Pty Ltd(4)                                                         (1.6)         -         (a)       Impaired trade receivables
                     New Zealand wage subsidy for Super Cheap Auto (New Zealand) Pty Limited and
                                                                                                                                                       As at 27 June 2020 current trade receivables of the Group with a nominal value of $0.5 million (2019: $0.3 million) were impaired and
                     Macpac New Zealand Limited                                                                                (4.9)         -
                                                                                                                                                       provided for. The individually impaired receivables mainly relate to wholesalers with whom the Group no longer trades.
                     Total government grant revenue                                                                            (6.5)         -
               (4) The amounts above have been offset against expenses.                                                                                (b)       Past due but not impaired

                                                                                                                                                       As at 27 June 2020, trade receivables of $4.4 million (2019: $3.5 million) were past due but not impaired. These relate to a number of
               Rental expense relating to leases                                                                                                       independent customers for whom there is no recent history of default. The ageing analysis of these trade receivables is as follows:
                     Lease expenses                                                                                             47.3    232.8
                     Equipment hire                                                                                              3.2      3.3                                                                                                                         2020                      2019
                     Total rental expense relating to leases(5)                                                                 50.5    236.1                                                                                                                           $m                        $m
               (5) The impact of applying AASB 16 Leases was a decrease of $204.5 million in rental expense to 27 June 2020.                           30 to 60 days                                                                                                    1.6                       0.8
                                                                                                                                                       60 to 90 days                                                                                                    0.2                       0.3
               Foreign exchange gains and losses                                                                                                       90 days and over                                                                                                 2.6                       2.4
                     Net foreign exchange (gain)                                                                               (7.7)     (3.4)                                                                                                                          4.4                       3.5


                    Significant Accounting Policies                                                                                                     Significant Accounting Policies

                    Depreciation, amortisation and impairment                                                                                           Trade receivables
                    Refer to Notes 9 and 10 for details on depreciation, amortisation and impairment.                                                   Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for goods sold or services performed in the ordinary course of business. They
                                                                                                                                                        are generally due for settlement within 30 days and therefore are all classified as current. Trade receivables are recognised initially
                    Finance costs                                                                                                                       at the amount of consideration that is unconditional unless they contain significant financing components, when they are
                    Finance costs are recognised in the period in which these are incurred and are expensed in the period to which the costs relate.    recognised at fair value. The Group holds the trade receivables with the objective to collect the contractual cash flows and
                    Generally costs such as discounts and premiums incurred in raising borrowings are amortised on an effective yield basis over the    therefore measures them subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Details about the Group’s
                    period of the borrowing. Finance costs include:                                                                                     impairment policies and the calculation of the loss allowance are provided in Note 16.
                     interest on bank overdrafts and short-term and long-term borrowings;
                     amortisation of discounts or premiums relating to borrowings;                                                                     The Group applies the AASB 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a lifetime expected loss
                     amortisation of ancillary costs incurred in connection with the arrangement of borrowings;                                        allowance for all trade receivables and contract assets.
                     finance lease charges; and
                     interest revenue.                                                                                                                 To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables and contract assets have been grouped based on shared credit risk
                                                                                                                                                        characteristics and the days past due. The contract assets relate to unbilled work in progress and have substantially the same risk
                    Employee benefits                                                                                                                   characteristics as the trade receivables for the same types of contracts. The Group has therefore concluded that the expected
                    Refer to Note 15 for details on employee provisions and superannuation.                                                             loss rates for trade receivables are a reasonable approximation of the loss rates for the contract assets.

                    Leases                                                                                                                              The expected loss rates are based on the payment profiles of sales over a period of 24 months and the corresponding historical
                    As explained in Note 2(g), the Group has changed its accounting policy for leases where the Group is the lessee. The new policy     credit losses experienced within this period. The historical loss rates are adjusted to reflect current and forward-looking information
                    is described in Note 11 and the impact of the change in Note 34.                                                                    on macroeconomic factors affecting the ability of the customers to settle the receivables. The Group has identified the GDP and
                                                                                                                                                        the unemployment rate of the countries in which it sells its goods and services to be the most relevant factors, and accordingly
                    Until 29 June 2019, Leases in which a significant portion of the risks and rewards of ownership were retained by the lessor were    adjusts the historical loss rates based on expected changes in these factors.
                    classified as operating leases. Payments made under operating leases (net of any incentives received from the lessor) were
                    charged to the income statement on a straight-line basis over the period of the lease term.                                         On that basis, the loss allowance as at period end was determined for trade receivables to be minor.

                    Foreign exchange gains and losses
                    Refer to Note 2 (c) for details on foreign exchange gains and losses.

                    Government grants
                    Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognised in profit or loss over the period necessary to match them with
                    the costs that they are intended to compensate.
     94 94S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0
             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                                                                                                                                                                    S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 95
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 95




               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)                                                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
               For the period ended 27 June 2020                                                                                                          For the period ended 27 June 2020

              8.          Inventories                                                                                                                     9.          Property, plant and equipment (continued)
                                                                                                                        2020                2019
                                                                                                                         $m                  $m
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Plant and              Motor              Computer                        Total
               Finished goods, at lower of cost or net realisable value                                                 502.4               560.2
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              equipment             vehicles            equipment




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                           2019                                                                       $m                 $m                   $m                           $m
               (a)        Inventory expense
                                                                                                                                                           Carrying amounts at 30 June 2018                                          226.9                 0.2                    43.3                  270.4
               Inventories recognised as expense during the period ended 27 June 2020 amounted to $1,475.0 million (2019: $1,408.3 million).               Additions                                                                  41.0                    -                   12.4                    53.4
                                                                                                                                                           Depreciation                                                              (41.1)              (0.1)                  (15.1)                  (56.3)
               Write-downs of inventories to net realisable value recognised as an expense during the period ended 27 June 2020 amounted to $10.2
               million (2019: $1.0 million).                                                                                                               Disposals                                                                      -                   -                  (0.2)                    (0.2)
                                                                                                                                                           Foreign currency exchange differences                                       0.4                    -                    0.2                      0.6
                                                                                                                                                           Carrying amounts at 29 June 2019                                          227.2                 0.1                    40.6                  267.9
                   Significant Accounting Policies
                   Inventories
                   Inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs comprise direct purchase costs and an appropriate
                                                                                                                                                          Leased assets
                   proportion of supply chain variable and fixed overhead expenditure in bringing them to their existing location and condition.
                   Costs are assigned to individual items of stock on the basis of weighted average costs.                                                As at 29 June 2019, the carrying value of computer equipment held under finance lease was $6.7 million. From 30 June 2019, leased
                                                                                                                                                          assets are presented as a separate line item in the balance sheet – refer Note 11 – Leases. Refer to Note 34 for details about the
                   Critical accounting estimates and assumptions                                                                                          change in accounting policy.
                   Net realisable value                                                                                                                   Make-good assets
                   Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated cost of completion and the
                   estimated costs necessary to make the sale.                                                                                            As at 29 June 2019, the carrying value of make-good assets was $4.3 million. From 30 June 2019, make-good assets are presented as
                                                                                                                                                          part of the right-of-use asset under the new lease accounting standard AASB 16 Leases. Refer to Note 34 for details about the change
                                                                                                                                                          in accounting policy.

                                                                                                                                                          Fitout contributions
              9.          Property, plant and equipment
                                                                                                                                                          As at 30 June 2019, $13.1 million of fitout contributions have been presented as part of Property, Plant and Equipment on adoption of
                                                                                                                        2020                2019
                                                                                                                                                          the new lease accounting standard.
                                                                                                                          $m                  $m

                                                                                                                                                               Significant Accounting Policies
               Plant and equipment, at cost                                                                             421.0               435.2
               Less accumulated depreciation                                                                          (223.9)             (208.0)              Carrying value
                                                                                                                                                               Property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost, less any accumulated depreciation or amortisation. Historical costs
               Net plant and equipment                                                                                  197.1               227.2              include expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.

               Motor vehicles, at cost                                                                                    0.5                 0.6              Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is
                                                                                                                                                               probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured
               Less accumulated depreciation                                                                             (0.4)               (0.5)             reliably. All repairs and maintenance are charged to the income statement during the financial year in which they are incurred.
               Net motor vehicles                                                                                         0.1                 0.1
                                                                                                                                                               Depreciation and amortisation of property, plant and equipment
                                                                                                                                                               Depreciation and amortisation are calculated on a straight line basis for accounting and on a diminishing value basis for tax.
               Computer equipment, at cost                                                                              100.6               106.8              Depreciation and amortisation allocates the cost of an item of property, plant and equipment net of residual values over the
               Less accumulated depreciation                                                                           (70.0)              (66.2)              expected useful life of each asset to the consolidated entity. Estimates of remaining useful lives and residual values are reviewed
               Net computer equipment                                                                                    30.6                40.6              and adjusted, if appropriate, at each statement of financial position date.

                                                                                                                                                               The depreciation rates used for each class of assets are:
               Total net property, plant and equipment                                                                  227.8               267.9
                                                                                                                                                                 Plant and equipment                                       7.5% – 37.5%
               (a)        Reconciliations
                                                                                                                                                                 Capitalised leased plant and equipment                    10% – 37.5%

               Reconciliations of the carrying amounts for each class of property, plant and equipment are set out below:                                        Motor vehicles                                                25%
                                                                                                                                                                 Computer equipment                                        20% – 37.5%
                                                                                          Plant and     Motor         Computer                Total
                                                                                         equipment    vehicles       equipment
                                                                                                                                                               An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying amount is greater than
                 2020                                                                            $m        $m              $m                   $m
                                                                                                                                                               its estimated recoverable amount.
                 Carrying amounts at 29 June 2019                                             227.2        0.1              40.6              267.9
                 Additions                                                                     29.6        0.1              10.9               40.6            Gains and losses
                                                                                                                                                               Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing proceeds with carrying amount. These are included in the income
                 Depreciation                                                                (41.9)      (0.1)             (13.9)            (55.9)
                                                                                                                                                               statement. When revalued assets are sold, it is Group policy to transfer the amounts included in other reserves in respect of those
                 Disposals                                                                    (0.6)          -              (0.3)             (0.9)            assets to retained earnings.
                 Change in accounting policy (Note 34)                                       (17.4)          -              (6.7)            (24.1)
                                                                                                                                                               Make-good requirements in relation to leased premises
                 Foreign currency exchange differences                                          0.2          -                   -              0.2
                                                                                                                                                               Make-good costs arising from contractual obligations in lease agreements are recognised as provisions at the inception of the
                 Carrying amounts at 27 June 2020                                             197.1        0.1              30.6              227.8            agreement. Until 29 June 2019, a corresponding asset was taken up in property, plant and equipment at that time. Expected
                                                                                                                                                               future payments are discounted using appropriate market yields at reporting date.
        96 S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0
     96 96S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0
           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                                                                                                                                                                                         S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 97
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 97


               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
               NOTES       TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
               For the period ended 27 June 2020
                                                                                                                                                                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
               For the period ended 27 June 2020                                                                                                                                   For the period ended 27 June 2020
               9.           Property, plant and equipment (continued)
               9.           Property, plant and equipment (continued)                                                                                                              10.      Intangible assets (continued)
                    Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
                                                                                                                                                                                   (a)      Reconciliations (continued)
                    Significant
                    Leases      Accounting Policies (continued)
                    Until
                    Leases29 June 2019, Leases of property, plant and equipment where the Group had substantially all the risks and rewards of




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                                   Leased assets
                    ownership,
                    Until 29 Junewere   classified
                                    2019,  Leases as of finance
                                                         property, leases.
                                                                     plant andFinance    leases were
                                                                                     equipment         capitalised
                                                                                                  where the   Groupat had
                                                                                                                       the lease’s  inception
                                                                                                                            substantially        at the
                                                                                                                                           all the        lower of
                                                                                                                                                    risks and           the fair
                                                                                                                                                                   rewards    of
                    value  of thewere
                                  leased    property                                                                                                                               As at 29 June 2019, the carrying value of computer software held under finance lease was $1.4 million. From 30 June 2019, leased
                    ownership,          classified  as and    the leases.
                                                        finance    present value
                                                                              Finance of the  minimum
                                                                                         leases  were lease   payments.
                                                                                                       capitalised at the The  corresponding
                                                                                                                           lease’s  inception atrental     obligations,
                                                                                                                                                    the lower        of the net
                                                                                                                                                                            fair
                                                                                                                                                                                   assets are presented as a separate line item in the balance sheet – refer Note 11 – Leases. Refer to Note 34 for details about the
                    of finance
                    value       charges,
                           of the leased were      included
                                            property    and the in other
                                                                   presentlong   term
                                                                             value      payables.
                                                                                      of the        Each
                                                                                              minimum      lease
                                                                                                        lease    paymentThe
                                                                                                              payments.     was allocated
                                                                                                                               corresponding      rental the
                                                                                                                                              between            liability and
                                                                                                                                                           obligations,     net
                                                                                                                                                                                   change in accounting policy.
                    finance
                    of       charges
                       finance  charges,so as to achieve
                                            were   included   a in
                                                                 constant   rate on
                                                                   other long    termthe   finance Each
                                                                                        payables.   balance   outstanding.
                                                                                                           lease payment was The interest
                                                                                                                                 allocatedelement
                                                                                                                                              between      thefinance
                                                                                                                                                       of the    liability cost
                                                                                                                                                                           and
                    was   charged
                    finance  charges to so
                                         the income
                                           as to         statement
                                                  achieve a            overate
                                                                 constant     theon lease
                                                                                       the period
                                                                                           financeso as   to produce
                                                                                                    balance             a
                                                                                                              outstanding.constant
                                                                                                                             The      periodic
                                                                                                                                 interest elementrateofoftheinterest
                                                                                                                                                               finance      the
                                                                                                                                                                        oncost
                    remaining   balance                                                                                                                                            (b)      Impairment tests for goodwill
                    was charged      to theofincome
                                                the liability  for each
                                                         statement     overperiod.
                                                                              the lease Theperiod
                                                                                             property,
                                                                                                   so asplant and equipment
                                                                                                          to produce             acquired
                                                                                                                        a constant    periodicunder
                                                                                                                                                 ratefinance
                                                                                                                                                        of interest lease
                                                                                                                                                                        on was
                                                                                                                                                                            the
                    depreciated
                    remaining      over the
                                balance       shorter of
                                            of the         thefor
                                                     liability   asset’s
                                                                    each useful  life and
                                                                            period.     Thethe  lease term.
                                                                                             property,  plant and equipment acquired under finance lease was
                                                                                                                                                                                   Goodwill is allocated to the Group’s cash-generating units (CGUs) identified according to the group of assets at the time of
                    depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease term.
                                                                                                                                                                                   acquisition. A CGU level summary of the goodwill allocation is presented below:
                    Critical accounting estimates and assumptions
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         2020                2019
                    Critical accounting estimates and assumptions
                    Impairment                                                                                                                                                      CGU                                                                                                   $m                   $m
                    Assets   that are subject to depreciation are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
                    Impairment                                                                                                                                                      Supercheap Auto                                                                                      45.3                 45.3
                    the  carrying
                    Assets          amount
                             that are subjectmay    not be recoverable.
                                                to depreciation           An impairment
                                                                 are reviewed             loss whenever
                                                                               for impairment   is recognised    for the
                                                                                                            events        amountinby
                                                                                                                     or changes        which the asset’s
                                                                                                                                     circumstances           carrying
                                                                                                                                                      indicate    that
                    amount
                    the        exceeds
                         carrying        its may
                                    amount   recoverable
                                                    not beamount.   The
                                                            recoverable.recoverable
                                                                          An         amount
                                                                              impairment  lossisisthe higher of an
                                                                                                    recognised      asset’s fair
                                                                                                                 for the  amount   by less
                                                                                                                                 value which  theto sell
                                                                                                                                            costs  asset’s and value-
                                                                                                                                                             carrying               rebel                                                                                                        376.6                     376.5
                    in-use.
                    amountFor     the purposes
                               exceeds           of assessing
                                         its recoverable      impairment,
                                                           amount.        assets are grouped
                                                                    The recoverable  amount isathe thehigher
                                                                                                       lowestoflevels for which
                                                                                                                 an asset’s      there less
                                                                                                                            fair value      separately
                                                                                                                                       are costs  to sell identifiable
                                                                                                                                                           and value-               BCF                                                                                                            25.1                      25.1
                    cash
                    in-use.flows  (cash-generating
                              For the purposes        units). impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable
                                                 of assessing                                                                                                                       Macpac                                                                                                         79.6                      79.6
                    cash flows (cash-generating units).
                                                                                                                                                                                    Total                                                                                                        526.6                     526.5

              10.           Intangible assets                                                                                                                                      The Group tests for goodwill impairment on an annual basis. The recoverable amount of a CGU is determined based on value-in-use
              10.           Intangible assets                                                                                               2020                      2019         (VIU) calculations which require the use of assumptions. These calculations use cash flow projections based on business plans covering
                                                                                                                                                                                   a five-year period. Several scenarios have been assessed in relation to the economic uncertainty which may occur and recovery
                                                                                                                                            2020
                                                                                                                                             $m                       2019
                                                                                                                                                                       $m          timeframes. The assumptions within the VIU calculations assume an economic downturn in the 2021 financial year (with limited
                                                                                                                                              $m                        $m         lockdown periods in Australia and New Zealand) and a return to normal trading conditions with previously experienced growth during
               Goodwill, at cost                                                                                                           528.7                     528.6         the 2022 financial year. Growth expectations beyond the 2022 financial year are expected to return to normal.
               Goodwill, at cost impairment charge
               Less accumulated                                                                                                            528.7
                                                                                                                                            (2.1)                    528.6
                                                                                                                                                                      (2.1)        Cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using the estimated growth rates stated below. The terminal growth rate
               Less accumulated impairment charge
               Net goodwill                                                                                                                 (2.1)
                                                                                                                                           526.6                      (2.1)
                                                                                                                                                                     526.5         does not exceed the historical long-term average growth rate for the business in which the CGU operates.
               Net goodwill                                                                                                                526.6                     526.5
               Computer software, at cost                                                                                                   262.8                    240.7         Key assumptions used for value-in-use calculations
               Computer  software,
               Less accumulated    at cost
                                 amortisation                                                                                               262.8
                                                                                                                                          (168.4)                    240.7
                                                                                                                                                                   (126.3)         The key assumptions used in the VIU calculations across each business segment CGU include sales growth, EBITDA margin, long-term
               Less accumulated  amortisation                                                                                                                                      growth rate and the discount rate. A pre-tax discount rate of 11.7 per cent (2019: 12.4 per cent) and terminal growth rate of 2.5 per
               Net computer software                                                                                                      (168.4)
                                                                                                                                             94.4                  (126.3)
                                                                                                                                                                     114.4         cent (2019: 3.0 per cent) have been assumed. Projected sales are based on the assumed economic recovery as described above.
               Net computer software                                                                                                         94.4                    114.4         Budgeted EBITDA margin is determined based on past performance and expectations for the future.
               Brand names, at cost                                                                                                         311.8                     311.8
               Brand names, at cost                                                                                                                                                The VIU model assumes an economic downturn in the 2021 financial year (with limited lockdown periods in Australia and New Zealand)
               Less accumulated amortisation and impairment charge                                                                          311.8
                                                                                                                                           (58.5)                     311.8
                                                                                                                                                                     (58.5)        and a return to normal trading conditions with previously experienced growth occurring during the 2022 financial year. Growth
               Less brand
               Net  accumulated
                          names amortisation and impairment charge                                                                         (58.5)
                                                                                                                                            253.3                    (58.5)
                                                                                                                                                                      253.3        expectations beyond the 2022 financial year are expected to return to normal.
               Net brand names                                                                                                             253.3                     253.3
                                                                                                                                                                                   The Group believes that the assumptions used in the VIU model reflect a combination of the Group’s past experience and the trading
               Total net intangible assets                                                                                                 874.3                     894.2
                                                                                                                                                                                   performance uncertainty associated with COVID-19. While temporary store closures may impact short term results, these are not
               Total net intangible assets                                                                                                 874.3                     894.2
                                                                                                                                                                                   expected to impact the long-term performance of the Group’s businesses.
               (a)       Reconciliations
               (a)       Reconciliations
               Reconciliations of the carrying amounts for each class of intangible asset are set out below:                                                                       The recoverable amounts of each CGU are estimated to exceed their carrying amounts as at 27 June 2020. The Macpac CGU is the
               Reconciliations of the carrying amounts for each class of intangible asset are set out below:
                                                                                                  Computer                                    Brand                                most sensitive to changes in assumptions. The recoverable amount of the Macpac CGU is estimated to exceed its carrying amount
                                                                                Goodwill           Software
                                                                                                  Computer                                    Name
                                                                                                                                              Brand                   Total        as at 27 June 2020 by $3.3 million (2019: $31.2 million). The recoverable amount of this CGU could equal or fall below its carrying
                                                                                      $m
                                                                                Goodwill                 $m
                                                                                                   Software                                      $m
                                                                                                                                              Name                      $m
                                                                                                                                                                      Total        amount if key assumptions were to change.
               2020                                                                   $m                 $m                                      $m                     $m
               2020                                                                                                                                                                Management do not consider that a reasonably possible change in any of the key assumptions for any of the CGU’s, other than
               Carrying amounts at 29 June 2019                                     526.5              114.4                                   253.3                 894.2
                                                                                                                                                                                   Macpac, would cause their carrying amounts to exceed their recoverable amounts.
               Additionsamounts at 29 June 2019
               Carrying                                                                            526.5
                                                                                                     0.1                  114.4
                                                                                                                           27.5                253.3-                894.2
                                                                                                                                                                      27.6
               Additions
               Amortisation charge(1)                                                                0.1-                  27.5
                                                                                                                         (46.1)                      -                 27.6
                                                                                                                                                                     (46.1)        Macpac
               Amortisation
               Change       charge(1) policy (Note 34)
                        in accounting                                                                   -                (46.1)
                                                                                                                          (1.4)                      -               (46.1)
                                                                                                                                                                      (1.4)        Macpac had a challenging financial performance in 2020 with a 44.6 per cent decline in Segment EBITDA. This was due to the impact
                                                                                                                                                                                   of summer bushfires on peak trading, a change in promotional strategy generating a delay in price increases and the impact of
               Carrying amounts at 27 policy
               Change   in accounting        (Note 34)
                                      June 2020                                                    526.6-                 (1.4)
                                                                                                                           94.4                253.3-                 (1.4)
                                                                                                                                                                     874.3         COVID-19. The New Zealand mandatory store closures drove a 17.5 per cent like-for-like sales decline in the last 14 weeks of the
               Carrying amounts at 27 June 2020                                                    526.6                   94.4                253.3                 874.3         financial year.
               2019
               2019                                                                                                                                                                The key assumptions where the VIU calculations are most sensitive for the Macpac CGU are included below:
               Carrying amounts at 30 June 2018                                                    525.9                 112.4                 253.3                 891.6
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     2020                                    2019
               Carrying amounts at 30 June 2018
               Additions                                                                           525.9-                112.4
                                                                                                                          32.3                 253.3-                891.6
                                                                                                                                                                      32.3
                                                                                                                                                                                   Sales (% compound annual growth rate)                                                               7.4                                     6.3
               Additions
               Adjustment to provisional accounting (Note 23(a))                                      0.6-                 32.3-                     --                32.3
                                                                                                                                                                        0.6        EBITDA margin increase (% points)                                                                                5.6                        2.6
               Amortisationtocharge
               Adjustment     provisional accounting (Note 23(a))                                     0.6-               (30.3)-                      --                0.6
                                                                                                                                                                     (30.3)
               Amortisation  charge
               Carrying amounts at 29 June 2019                                                    526.5-                (30.3)
                                                                                                                         114.4                 253.3-                (30.3)
                                                                                                                                                                      894.2
                Carrying
               (1) Includes amounts   at 29 June 2019
                            $13.7m of accelerated                                             526.5
                                                  amortisation on software intangibles as a result                 114.4
                                                                                                   of change in useful life assumptions. 253.3                        894.2
               (1) Includes $13.7m of accelerated amortisation on software intangibles as a result of change in useful life assumptions.
     98 98S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0
             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                                                                                                                                                                S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 99
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 99




               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)                                                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
               For the period ended 27 June 2020                                                                                                          For the period ended 27 June 2020

               10.        Intangible assets (continued)                                                                                                   10.      Intangible assets (continued)
               (b)        Impairment tests for goodwill (continued)
                                                                                                                                                           Significant Accounting Policies
               Management have determined the values assigned to each of the above key assumptions as follows:
                                                                                                                                                           Goodwill




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                           Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition over the fair value of the Group’s share of the net identifiable assets
               Sales
                                                                                                                                                           of the acquired subsidiary or business at the date of the acquisition. Goodwill on acquisitions of subsidiaries is included in
               Compound average annual growth rate over the five-year period projection period of 7.4 per cent, based on past performance and              intangible assets. Goodwill is not amortised. Instead, it is tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if events or changes
               management’s expectations of market development. In the 2020 financial year, sales declined by 5.0 per cent and like-for-like sales         in circumstances indicate that it might be impaired, and is carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Any impairment
               declined 9.1 per cent. The VIU model assumes that the 2021 financial year will deliver the same revenue per store as achieved in            is recognised as an expense and is not subsequently reversed.
               2019. From 2022, revenue is projected to increase by average annual growth rates which are typical of those achieved in the past.
               The pilot of the sale of Macpac products in BCF was successful and its expansion will support future revenue growth. The VIU                Gains and losses on the disposal of an entity include the carrying amount of goodwill relating to the entity sold.
               compound growth rate of 7.4 per cent is impacted by the low base in 2020. If the compound growth rate declines to 7.0 per cent
               this would cause the carrying amount of the Macpac CGU to exceed its recoverable amount.                                                    Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units for the purpose of impairment testing. The allocation is made to those cash-
                                                                                                                                                           generating units or groups of cash-generating units that are expected to benefit from the business combination in which the
               EBITDA margin increase – percentage points                                                                                                  goodwill arose, identified according to operating segments.
               In the 2020 financial year, EBITDA declined by 35.3 per cent with the EBITDA margin reducing from 11.2 per cent in 2019 to 7.7 per cent.
               The VIU model assumes that the 2021 financial year will deliver constrained EBITDA margins in line with 2020. From 2022, the EBITDA         Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives
               margin will return to levels achieved in 2019. EBITDA margin will grow from 2023 to 2025 based on initiatives already in place to lower     Separately acquired trademarks and licences are shown at historical cost. Trademarks and licences acquired in a business
               the cost of sales and fractionalise fixed costs over growing revenue. The EBITDA margin expansion of 5.6 percentage points over five        combination are recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. Trademarks are amortised over their useful lives.
               years is impacted by the low base in 2020. If the EBITDA margin rate expansion only achieves 5.5 percentage points this would cause
               the carrying amount of the Macpac CGU to exceed its recoverable amount.                                                                     Other intangible assets
                                                                                                                                                           Amortisation is calculated on a straight line basis. Estimates of remaining useful lives and residual values are reviewed and
               Long-term growth rate                                                                                                                       adjusted, if appropriate, at each statement of financial position date. The amortisation rates used for each class of intangible
               This is the weighted average growth rate used to extrapolate cash flows beyond the five year period.                                        assets are as follows:

               A terminal growth rate decrease from 2.5 per cent to 2.3 per cent would could cause the carrying amount of the Macpac CGU to                     Computer software                              10% – 33.3%
               exceed its recoverable amount.                                                                                                                   Brand names                                    Nil

               Pre-tax discount rates                                                                                                                      Computer software
               A pre-tax discount rate increase from 11.7 per cent to 11.8 per cent would cause the carrying amount of the Macpac CGU to exceed            Costs incurred in developing products or systems and costs incurred in acquiring software and licences that will contribute to
               its recoverable amount.                                                                                                                     future period financial benefits through revenue generation and/or cost reduction are capitalised to software and systems. Costs
                                                                                                                                                           capitalised include external direct costs of materials and service, employee costs and an appropriate portion of relevant
               Management have considered and assessed the reasonably possible changes for other key assumptions and have not identified any               overheads. IT development costs include only those costs directly attributable to the development phase and are only
               instances that could cause the carrying amount of the Macpac CGU to exceed its recoverable amount.                                          recognised following completion of technical feasibility and where the Group has an intention and ability to use the asset.

               (c)        Impairment tests for the useful life for brands                                                                                  Brand names
                                                                                                                                                           Brand names that are acquired as part of a business combination are recognised separately from goodwill. These assets are
               No amortisation is provided against the carrying value of purchased brand names on the basis that they are considered to have               carried at their fair value at the date of acquisition less impairment losses. Brand names are valued using the relief from royalty
               indefinite useful lives.                                                                                                                    method. Brand names are determined to have indefinite useful lives and therefore do not attract amortisation.

               Key factors taken into account in assessing the useful life of brands were:                                                                 Research and development
                    the strong recognition of brands; and                                                                                                 Research expenditure is recognised as an expense as incurred. Costs incurred on development projects (relating to the design
                    there is an absence of legal, technical or commercial factors indicating that the life should be considered limited.                  and testing of new or improved products) are recognised as intangible assets when it is probable that the project will, after
                                                                                                                                                           considering its commercial and technical feasibility, be completed and generate future economic benefits and its costs can be
               The carrying values of the purchased brand names are:                                                                                       measured reliably. The expenditure capitalised comprises all directly attributable costs, including costs of materials, services,
                                                                                                                                                           direct labour and an appropriate proportion of overheads. Other development expenditures that do not meet these criteria are
                                                                                                                        2020                2019           recognised as an expense as incurred. Development costs previously recognised as an expense are not recognised as an asset
                 Brand                                                                                                   $m                  $m            in a subsequent period. Capitalised development costs are recorded as intangible assets and amortised from the point at which
                 rebel                                                                                                                                     the asset is ready for use.
                                                                                                                       209.0                209.0
                 Macpac                                                                                                 44.3                 44.3          Other items of expenditure
                 Total                                                                                                 253.3                253.3          Significant items of expenditure, such as costs incurred in store set-ups, are expensed in the financial year in which these costs are
                                                                                                                                                           incurred.

                                                                                                                                                           Critical accounting estimates and assumptions
               Key assumptions used for value-in-use calculations
               Management have consistently applied two key assumptions in the VIU analysis across each business segment CGU, a pre-tax                    Capitalised software costs and useful lives
               discount rate of 11.7 per cent (2019: 12.4 per cent) and terminal growth rate of 2.5 per cent (2019: 3.0 per cent). Budgeted gross          The Group has undertaken significant development of software in relation to the multi-channel customer programme and mutli-
               margin is determined based on past performance and expectations for the future.                                                             channel supply chain and inventory programme. The useful lives have been determined based on the intended period of use
                                                                                                                                                           of this software.
               The recoverable amount of the brand names currently exceeds their carrying values. Management do not consider that a reasonably
               possible change in any of the key assumptions would cause the carrying value of any of the brand names to exceed their recoverable          Estimated impairment of indefinite useful life non-financial assets
               amounts.                                                                                                                                    The Group tests annually whether indefinite useful life non-financial assets have suffered any impairment, in accordance with the
                                                                                                                                                           accounting policy stated above. The recoverable amounts of cash-generating units have been determined based on
                                                                                                                                                           value-in-use calculations. These calculations require the use of assumptions. Refer above for details of these assumptions.
     100100
             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                                                                                                                                                                                             S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 101
          S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0                                                                                                                                                                                      S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 101




               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)                                                                                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
               For the period ended 27 June 2020                                                                                                                             For the period ended 27 June 2020

               11.        Leases                                                                                                                                             11.       Leases (continued)
                                                                                                                                                              30 June
                                                                                                                                          2020                 2019(1)         Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
               Right-of-use assets                                                                                                          $m                     $m
                                                                                                                                                                               Leases (continued)




For personal use only
               Properties                                                                                                                842.0                   835.3         The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be determined, the lessee’s
               Computer equipment                                                                                                           6.0                     8.1        incremental borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an
               Total right-of-use assets                                                                                                 848.0                   843.4         asset of similar value in a similar economic environment with similar terms and conditions.
                                                                                                                                                                               Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:
                                                                                                                                                                                   the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability
               Lease liabilities                                                                                                                                                   any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received
               Current                                                                                                                   178.4                   184.3             any initial direct costs, and
                                                                                                                                                                                   restoration costs.
               Non-current                                                                                                               760.9                   745.8
               Total lease liabilities                                                                                                   939.3                   930.1         Payments associated with short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised on a straight-line basis as an expense
               (1) In the previous year, the Group only recognised lease assets and lease liabilities in relation to leases that were classified as ‘finance leases’ under     in profit or loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less. Low-value assets comprise small items of office
                  AASB 117 Leases. The assets were presented in property, plant and equipment and the liabilities as part of the Group’s borrowings. For                       equipment and furniture, and other immaterial assets.
                  adjustments recognised on adoption of AASB 16 Leases on 30 June 2019, refer to Note 34 – Changes in accounting policy.
                                                                                                                                                                               Extension and termination options are included in a number of property leases across the Group. These terms are used to
               Additions to the right-of-use assets during the year were $194.0 million.                                                                                       maximise operational flexibility in terms of managing contracts. The majority of extension and termination options held are
                                                                                                                                                                               exercisable only by the Group and not by the respective lessor.
                                                                                                                                          2020                    2019
               Depreciation charge on right-of-use assets                                                                                   $m                     $m          Critical accounting estimates and assumptions

               Properties                                                                                                                177.3                        -        Variable lease payments
                                                                                                                                                                               Some property leases contain variable payment terms that are linked to sales generated from a store. For individual stores, up
               Computer equipment                                                                                                           2.9                       -
                                                                                                                                                                               to 100% of lease payments are on the basis of variable payment terms and there is a wide range of sales percentages applied.
               Total depreciation charge on right-of-use assets                                                                          180.2                        -        Variable payment terms are used for a variety of reasons, including minimising the fixed costs base for newly established stores.
                                                                                                                                                                               Variable lease payments that depend on sales are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which the condition that triggers
                                                                                                                                                                               those payments occurs.
               Interest expenses (included in Net finance costs)                                                                           37.3                       -
               Expense relating to short-term leases (included in Occupancy expenses)                                                      20.0                       -        Extension and termination options
               Expense relating to leases of low-value assets (included in Cost of Goods Sold and                                                                              In determining the lease term, management considers all facts and circumstances that create an economic incentive to exercise
               Administrative expenses)                                                                                                     3.2                       -        an extension option, or not exercise a termination option. Extension options (or periods after termination options) are included in
               Expense relating to variable lease payments not included in lease liabilities (included in                                                                      the lease term only if the lease is reasonably certain to be extended (or not terminated).
               Occupancy expenses)                                                                                                         28.4                       -
                                                                                                                                                                               Given the uncertainties that exist within the retail market, management considers leases with more than 2 years to expiry as not
               The total cash outflow for leases during the year were $209.1 million.                                                                                          reasonably certain to be extended. Of the Group’s lease portfolio 65% of leases contain option renewals. The lease liability
                                                                                                                                                                               currently includes extension options in the calculation of lease term for 14% of leases with those options.
               Impact of COVID-19
                                                                                                                                                                               The assessment is reviewed if a significant event or a significant change in circumstances occurs which affects this assessment
               The Group has adopted the practical expedient in paragraph 46A of AASB 16 Leases and elected not to account for any rent                                        and that is within the control of the lessee.
               concessions granted as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic as a lease modification. The amount recognised in profit or loss due to
               changes in lease payments arising from such concessions was $2.4 million.

                                                                                                                                                                             12.       Trade and other payables
                  Significant Accounting Policies
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         2020                        2019
                  Leases                                                                                                                                                     Current                                                                                                                       $m                          $m
                  The Group leases various offices, warehouses, retail stores, equipment and cars. Rental contracts are typically made for fixed
                  periods of 1 to 20 years but may have extension options as described below. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis                              Trade payables                                                                                                             335.2                       274.8
                  and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. The lease agreements do not impose any covenants, but leased                                   Other payables                                                                                                             107.1                         82.5
                  assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.                                                                                                 Straight line lease adjustment(1)                                                                                                -                        5.4

                  Until 29 June 2019, leases of property, plant and equipment were classified as either finance or operating leases. Payments made                           Total current trade and other payables                                                                                     442.3                       362.7
                  under operating leases (net of any incentives received from the lessor) were charged to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over
                  the period of the lease.                                                                                                                                   Non-current
                                                                                                                                                                             Straight line lease adjustment(1)                                                                                                -                       49.5
                  From 30 June 2019, leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which the leased
                  asset is available for use by the Group. Each lease payment is allocated between the liability and finance cost. The finance cost                          Total non-current trade and other payables                                                                                       -                       49.5
                  is charged to profit or loss over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance                          (1) The impact of applying AASB 16 Leases was to adjust straight line lease balances to nil as at 30 June 2019.

                  of the liability for each period. The right-of-use asset is depreciated over the shorter of the asset's useful life and the lease term
                  on a straight-line basis.
                                                                                                                                                                               Significant Accounting Policies
                  Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities include the net present                       Trade and other payables
                  value of the following lease payments:                                                                                                                       Trade and other payables are payables for goods and services provided to the consolidated entity prior to the end of the financial
                     fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable                                                             year and which are unpaid at that date. The amounts are unsecured and are normally paid within 60 days of recognition. Trade
                     variable lease payments that are based on an index or a rate                                                                                             and other payables are presented as current liabilities unless payment is not due within 12 months from the reporting date.
                     amounts expected to be payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees
                     the exercise price of a purchase option if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option, and
                     payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the lessee exercising that option.
     102102
             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                                                                                                                                                                   S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 103
          S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0                                                                                                                                                            S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 103




               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)                                                                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
               For the period ended 27 June 2020                                                                                                               For the period ended 27 June 2020

              13.         Borrowings                                                                                                                           14.         Income taxes
                                                                                                                            2020                2019                                                                                                                          2020                       2019
               Current                                                                                                       $m                  $m                                                                                                                              $m                        $m
               Finance leases - secured by leased asset                                                                         -                 3.4          (a)         Income tax expense




For personal use only
               Total current borrowings                                                                                         -                 3.4
                                                                                                                                                               Current tax expense                                                                                            60.9                       45.1
                                                                                                                                                               Deferred tax (benefit) / expense                                                                             (14.2)                         6.0
               Non-current
               Finance leases - secured by leased asset                                                                                                        Adjustments to tax expense of prior periods                                                                    (1.1)                     (0.8)
                                                                                                                                -                 3.8
               Bank debt funding facility - unsecured(1)                                                                                                                                                                                                                      45.6                       50.3
                                                                                                                           247.8                387.0
               Total non-current borrowings                                                                                247.8                390.8          Deferred income tax expense/ (revenue) included in income tax expense comprises:
               (1)Net of borrowing costs capitalised of $2.2 million (2019: $3.0 million).                                                                     (Increase) / decrease in deferred tax assets (Note 14(e))                                                    (13.7)                         5.9
                                                                                                                                                               (Decrease) / Increase in deferred tax liabilities (Note 14(e))                                                 (0.5)                        0.1
               (a)        Finance leases                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    (14.2)                         6.0

               As at 29 June 2019, the Group leased various plant and equipment with a carrying amount of $8.1 million under finance leases expiring
                                                                                                                                                               (b)         Numerical reconciliation between tax expense and pre-tax profit
               within five years. Finance lease liabilities were included in borrowings until 29 June 2019, but were reclassified to lease liabilities on 30
               June 2019 in the process of adopting the new leasing standard – refer Note 34 – Changes in accounting policy.
                                                                                                                                                               Profit before income tax from continuing operations                                                            155.8                     189.5
                                                                                                                           2020                2019
                                                                                                                            $m                  $m             Tax at the Australian tax rate of 30% (2019: 30%)                                                               46.7                       56.9
               Commitments in relation to finance leases are payable as follows:                                                                               Tax effect of amounts not deductible / (taxable) in calculating taxable income:
               Within one year                                                                                                 -                 3.6           Sundry items                                                                                                      0.2                       2.9
               Later than one year but not later than five years                                                               -                 3.9                                                                                                                           46.9                       59.8
               Minimum lease payments                                                                                          -                 7.5           Difference in overseas tax rates                                                                                (0.3)                     (2.6)
                                                                                                                                                               Derecognition of tax losses and deferred tax assets                                                               0.3                       1.0
               Future finance charges                                                                                          -               (0.3)           Previously unrecognised tax losses and deferred tax assets                                                      (0.2)                     (7.1)

               Total lease liabilities                                                                                         -                 7.2           Adjustments to tax expense of prior periods                                                                     (1.1)                     (0.8)
                                                                                                                                                               Income tax expense                                                                                              45.6                       50.3
               (b)        Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
                                                                                                                                                               Effective tax rate:
                                                                                   29 June 2019      Cash flows      Non-cash          27 June 2020
                                                                                                                   Amortisation                                Australia                                                                                                     29.4%                      30.8%
                                                                                            $m               $m                                 $m
                                                                                                                            $m                                 Consolidated group                                                                                            29.3%                      26.5%
                 Bank debt funding facility(1)                                               387.0      (140.2)             1.0                247.8
                                                                                                                                                               (c)         Numerical reconciliation of income tax expense to income tax payable
                 Total                                                                       387.0      (140.2)              1.0               247.8
                                                                                                                                                               Income tax (expense)                                                                                          (45.6)                     (50.3)
                                                                                   30 June 2018      Cash flows      Non-cash          29 June 2019
                                                                                                                                                               Tax effect of timing differences:
                                                                                            $m               $m    Amortisation                 $m
                                                                                                                  and additions                                Depreciation                                                                                                    (9.2)                     (2.1)
                                                                                                                            $m                                 Provisions                                                                                                      (1.3)                      11.9
                 Finance leases                                                                9.5        (3.3)             1.0                   7.2          Accruals and prepayments                                                                                        (3.7)                     (0.7)
                 Bank debt funding facility(1)                                               428.6       (42.4)              0.8                387.0          Leased assets                                                                                                     0.3                          -
                 Total                                                                       438.1       (45.7)              1.8               394.2           Lease liabilities                                                                                               (2.9)                          -
               (1)Net of borrowing costs paid
                                                                                                                                                               Tax losses                                                                                                        0.7                     (4.4)
                                                                                                                                                               Sundry temporary differences                                                                                      2.2                       0.8
                  Significant Accounting Policies                                                                                                              Current tax payable                                                                                           (59.5)                     (44.8)

                  Borrowings                                                                                                                                   Income tax instalments paid during the year                                                                     42.4                       46.7
                  Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently measured at                Income tax (payable) / receivable                                                                             (17.1)                        1.9
                  amortised cost. Any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption value is recognised in the
                  income statement over the period of the borrowings using the effective interest method.                                                      (d)          Amounts recognised directly in equity

                                                                                                                                                               Aggregate current and deferred tax arising in the reporting period and not recognised
                                                                                                                                                               in net profit or loss but directly debited or credited to equity:
                                                                                                                                                               Net deferred tax (credited) directly to equity (Note 14(e))                                                   (14.1)                      (2.7)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             (14.1)                      (2.7)
                                                                                                                                                               Tax expense relating to items of other comprehensive income
                                                                                                                                                               Lease accounting on adoption of AASB 16 Leases                                                                (25.9)                           -
                                                                                                                                                               Provisions – change in accounting policy AASB 16 Leases                                                         11.4                           -
                                                                                                                                                               Cash flow hedges                                                                                                  0.4                     (2.7)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             (14.1)                      (2.7)
     104104
             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                                                                                                                                                    S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 105
          S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0                                                                                                                                             S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 105




               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)                                                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
               For the period ended 27 June 2020                                                                                               For the period ended 27 June 2020

               14.           Income taxes (continued)                                                                                          14.        Income taxes (continued)
                                                                                                                     2020              2019
                                                                                                                      $m                $m     (g)         Tax transparency report
               (e)           Deferred tax assets and liabilities
                                                                                                                                               In May 2016, the government announced the release of the Board of Taxation’s final report on the voluntary Tax Transparency Code.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                               The aim of the Code is to provide a mechanism by which medium and large companies can be held accountable for their Australian
               Assets                                                                                                                          tax affairs, and to give stakeholders confidence that companies are compliant with their statutory obligations.
               Provisions                                                                                            26.5               40.1
               Accruals and prepayments                                                                              13.0                5.4   Currently the Code is voluntary. Super Retail Group supports the concept of voluntary tax transparency as an important measure for
                                                                                                                                               all large companies to provide assurance to the Australian community that their tax obligations are being met. We know that Super
               Depreciation                                                                                          21.2               15.0
                                                                                                                                               Retail Group’s success is dependent on the wellbeing of the economies and communities where our businesses operate and our
               Lease liabilities                                                                                    278.1                  -   conservative approach to tax strategy is one of the many ways we act to ensure sustainability of our operations. We are pleased to
               Cash flow hedges                                                                                       0.6                1.1   disclose our taxes paid in Australia and to detail our approach to tax planning for the first time.
               Tax losses                                                                                             3.1                4.4
                                                                                                                                               The requirements of the Code are broken into Part A which forms part of the tax note as referenced below and Part B as disclosed
               Sundry temporary differences                                                                           1.6                1.1   below. The make-up of the respective parts is as follows:
                                                                                                                    344.1               67.1
               Set off with deferred tax liabilities                                                              (339.2)             (67.1)   (i)         Part A:
                                                                                                                                                     Effective company tax rates for our Australian and global operations (Note 14 (b))
               Net deferred tax assets                                                                                4.9                  -         A reconciliation of accounting profit to tax expense and to income tax payable (Note 14 (c))
                                                                                                                                                     Identification of material temporary (Note 14 (c)) and non-temporary differences (Note 14 (b))
               Liabilities
               Brand values                                                                                          75.3              75.3    (ii)        Part B:
                                                                                                                                                     Tax policy, tax strategy and governance
               Depreciation                                                                                          14.0              15.2          Information about international related party dealings
               Leased assets                                                                                        248.7                  -         A tax contribution summary of income tax paid
               Sundry temporary differences                                                                           1.2                  -
                                                                                                                                               Part B discloses the Australian income tax paid by the Group in the 2020 and 2019 financial years and provides qualitative information
                                                                                                                    339.2              90.5
                                                                                                                                               about our approach to tax risk and international related party dealings.
               Set-off of deferred tax assets                                                                     (339.2)             (67.1)
               Net deferred tax liabilities                                                                             -              23.4    Tax policy, tax strategy and governance
                                                                                                                                               Super Retail Group is committed to full compliance with its statutory obligations and takes a conservative approach to tax risk. The
                                                                                                                                               Group’s Tax Policy includes an internal escalation process for referring tax matters to the corporate Group Tax function. The CFO must
               Net deferred tax assets / (liabilities)                                                                4.9             (23.4)
                                                                                                                                               report any material tax issues to the Board. Tax strategy is implemented through Super Retail Group’s Tax Governance Policy. The
                                                                                                                                               Group’s approach to tax planning is to operate and pay tax in accordance with the tax law in each relevant jurisdiction. The Group
               Movements in deferred tax assets:                                                                                               aims for certainty on all tax positions it adopts. Where the tax law is unclear or subject to interpretation, advice is obtained, and when
                                                                                                                                               necessary the Australian Taxation Office (ATO) (or other relevant tax authority) is consulted for clarity.
               Opening balance                                                                                       67.1               71.9
               Credited / (charged) to the income statement                                                          13.7              (5.9)   International related party dealings
               Credited to equity                                                                                   263.3                1.1   Super Retail Group is an Australian based group, with some trading operations in other countries, including New Zealand (Supercheap
                                                                                                                                               Auto (SCA) and Macpac) and China (Sourcing assistance). Given its current profile, the Group has very limited international related
               Closing balance                                                                                      344.1               67.1
                                                                                                                                               party dealings. Super Retail Group always seeks to price international related party dealings on an arm’s length basis to meet the
                                                                                                                                               regulatory requirements of the relevant jurisdictions.
               Deferred tax assets to be recovered after more than 12 months                                         32.8               40.7
                                                                                                                                               The Group’s international related party dealings are summarised below:
               Deferred tax assets to be recovered within 12 months                                                 311.3               26.4
                                                                                                                    344.1               67.1         The Group’s Australian retail businesses source material amounts of trading stock from overseas, particularly through Asian based
               Movements in deferred tax liabilities:                                                                                                 third-party suppliers. To facilitate this, the Group has a Chinese based subsidiary that co-ordinates these supplies. Super Retail
                                                                                                                                                      Group’s Australian businesses pay the overseas subsidiaries for these services.
               Opening balance                                                                                       90.5              92.0
               (Credited) / charged to the income statement                                                          (0.5)               0.1         The Group SCA and Macpac retail businesses operate across Australia and New Zealand. To meet customer demand and
               Charged / (credited) to equity                                                                       249.2              (1.6)          manage stock levels, trading stock is occasionally transferred between jurisdictions, for which arm’s length consideration is paid
               Closing balance                                                                                      339.2              90.5           by the recipient of the trading stock.

                                                                                                                                                     Certain Group businesses operating outside of Australia are utilising intellectual property developed by Super Retail Group
               Deferred tax liabilities to be settled after more than 12 months                                     339.2              90.5           businesses in Australia. Where appropriate, and as required by international cross border tax rules, a royalty payment is made
               Deferred tax liabilities to be settled within 12 months                                                  -                  -          by the off-shore subsidiary to the relevant Group business in Australia.

                                                                                                                    339.2              90.5          Various administrative and support services are provided by Group head office and divisional parent entities to offshore
                                                                                                                                                      subsidiary businesses. As required by international cross border tax rules, arm’s length consideration is paid for these services.
               (f)           Unrecognised deferred tax assets


               Tax losses                                                                                             7.5                7.3

               Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of these tax losses because it is not considered probable that future
               taxable profit will be available against which they can be realised.
     106106
             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                                                                                                                                                                                        S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 107
          S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0                                                                                                                                                                                 S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 107




               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)                                                                                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
               For the period ended 27 June 2020                                                                                                                                For the period ended 27 June 2020

               14.       Income taxes (continued)                                                                                                                               15.       Provisions
               (g)       Tax transparency report (continued)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       2020                      2019
                                                                                                                                                                                Current                                                                                                              $m                         $m
               Other jurisdictions                                                                                                                                              Employee benefits(a)                                                                                               103.3                       97.8




For personal use only
               The Group includes subsidiary companies that are incorporated in jurisdictions outside Australia as summarised in the table below:
                                                                                                                                                                                Onerous contracts(b)                                                                                                  2.6                       2.5
                 Country                Nature of activities                                                                                                                    Make-good provision(c)                                                                                                3.0                       5.8
                 China(1)               Co-ordinating the sourcing of trading stock for SCA, rebel and BCF                                                                      Other provisions(d)                                                                                                   2.2                       1.2
                 New Zealand            Active trading operations (SCA and Macpac) and dormant entities                                                                         Total current provisions                                                                                           111.1                     107.3
               (1) These companies are subject to the Australian Controlled Foreign Company rules. Under these rules profits generated by these subsidiaries from trading
                                                                                                                                                                                Non-current
               with Super Retail Group are taxable in Australia at the 30 per cent Australian corporate tax rate. For the 2020 year, the gross value of international related
               party transactions in and out of Australia represented less than 2.0 per cent of revenue.                                                                        Employee benefits(a)                                                                                                  9.6                       9.5
                                                                                                                                                                                Onerous contracts(b)                                                                                                     -                      1.1
               Australian income taxes paid
                                                                                                                                                                                Make-good provision(c)                                                                                              14.7                        9.1
               Super Retail Group is a large taxpayer and paid corporate income tax of $42.3 million in 2020 and $46.7 million in 2019.
                                                                                                                                                                                Total non-current provisions                                                                                        24.3                       19.7

                 Significant Accounting Policies                                                                                                                                (a)       Employee benefits
                 Current and deferred tax
                 The income tax expense or revenue for the period is the tax payable on the current period’s taxable income based on the national                               Provisions for employee benefits includes accrued annual leave, long service leave and accrued bonuses. It also includes $6.7 million
                 income tax rate for each jurisdiction adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities attributable to temporary differences                         provided as redundancy costs relating to a support office restructure announced to team members just prior to the end of the financial
                 between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the financial statements, and to unused tax losses.                              year. In addition the Group has identified that certain salaried team members should have received additional amounts to the
                                                                                                                                                                                amounts paid. A remediation program continues. At 27 June 2020 there is a provision to recognise payments for additional overtime
                 Deferred tax assets and liabilities                                                                                                                            and allowances to current and former team members of an estimated $32.4 million (2019: $44.3 million).
                 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised for temporary differences at the tax rates expected to apply when the assets are
                 recovered or liabilities are settled, based on those tax rates which are enacted or substantively enacted for each jurisdiction. The
                 relevant tax rates are applied to the cumulative amounts of deductible and taxable temporary differences to measure the                                        (b)       Onerous contracts
                 deferred tax asset or liability.
                                                                                                                                                                                Onerous contracts includes the provision for loss making contracts which represents the present value of the forecast loss. The Group
                 An exception is made for certain temporary differences arising from the initial recognition of an asset or a liability. No deferred                            performs a review of key contracts relating to Infinite Retail that are loss making. As at 27 June 2020 $0.8 million is provided for loss
                 tax asset or liability is recognised in relation to these temporary differences if they arise in a transaction, other than a business                          making contracts related to Infinite Retail (2019: $0.8 million).
                 combination, that at the time of the transaction did not affect either accounting profit or taxable profit or loss.
                                                                                                                                                                                Onerous contracts also includes the provision for certain obligations related to some lease arrangements. As at 27 June 2020 $1.8m is
                 Deferred tax assets are recognised for deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses only if it is probable that future                               provided for these obligations (2019: $2.8 million).
                 taxable amounts will be available to utilise those temporary differences and losses.

                 Deferred tax liabilities and assets are not recognised for temporary differences between the carrying amount and tax bases of                                  (c)       Make-good provision
                 investments in controlled entities where the parent entity is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences
                 and it is probable that the differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.                                                                            Provision is made for costs arising from contractual obligations in lease agreements at the inception of the agreement. A provision
                                                                                                                                                                                has been recognised for the present value of the estimated expenditure required to remove any leasehold improvements. These
                 Current and deferred tax balances attributable to amounts recognised directly in equity are also recognised directly in equity.                                costs have been capitalised as part of the cost of the leasehold improvements and are amortised over the shorter of the term of the
                                                                                                                                                                                lease or the useful life of the assets.
                 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets and liabilities and
                 when the deferred tax balances relate to the same taxation authority. Current tax assets and tax liabilities are offset where the                              (d)       Other provisions
                 entity has a legally enforceable right to offset and intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability
                 simultaneously.
                                                                                                                                                                                The current provision for other items includes the provision for store refunds.
                 A deferred tax liability is recognised in relation to some of the Group’s indefinite life intangibles. The tax base assumed in
                 determining the amount of the deferred tax liability is the capital cost base of the assets.                                                                   (e)       Movement in provisions

                 Tax consolidation                                                                                                                                              Movements in each class of provision during the period, except for other, are set out below:
                 Super Retail Group Limited and its wholly-owned Australian controlled entities have implemented the tax consolidation legislation
                 as of 1 July 2003 and account for current and deferred tax amounts under the Separate taxpayer within Group approach in                                                                                        Employee benefits     Onerous contracts                 Make-good                              Total
                 accordance with AASB Interpretation 1052, Tax Consolidation Accounting.                                                                                        2020                                                         $m                     $m                         $m                                $m
                 On adoption of the tax consolidation legislation, the entities in the tax consolidated group entered into a tax sharing agreement                              Opening balance as at 29 June 2019                         107.3                        3.6                        14.9                       125.8
                 which, in the opinion of the directors, limits the joint and several liability of the wholly-owned entities in the case of a default by the                    Provisions made                                                81.6                     1.8                          2.9                       86.3
                 head entity, Super Retail Group Limited.                                                                                                                       Indexing of provisions                                            -                        -                         3.6                         3.6
                                                                                                                                                                                Provisions transferred to Right of use assets                     -                   (1.6)                            -                       (1.6)
                 The entities have also entered into a tax funding agreement under which the wholly-owned entities fully compensate Super Retail
                 Group Limited for any current tax payable assumed and are compensated by Super Retail Group Limited for any current tax                                        Provisions used                                              (76.0)                   (1.2)                        (3.7)                     (80.9)
                 receivable and deferred tax assets relating to unused tax losses or unused tax credits that are transferred to Super Retail Group                              Closing balance as at 27 June 2020                            112.9                     2.6                        17.7                       133.2
                 Limited under the tax consolidation legislation. The funding amounts are determined by reference to the amounts recognised in
                 the wholly-owned entities’ financial statements.

                 The amounts receivable/payable under the tax funding agreement are due upon receipt of the funding advice from the head
                 entity, which is issued as soon as practicable after the end of each financial year. The head entity may also require payment of
                 interim funding amounts to assist with its obligations to pay tax instalments.
     108108
             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                                                                                                                                                                    S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 109
          S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0                                                                                                                                                             S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 109




               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)                                                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
               For the period ended 27 June 2020                                                                                                              For the period ended 27 June 2020

               15.       Provisions (continued)                                                                                                               16.       Financial assets and financial liabilities
                  Significant Accounting Policies                                                                                                             (a)       Financial instruments

                  Provisions                                                                                                                                  The Group holds the following financial instruments:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Financial assets and




For personal use only
                  Provisions for legal claims, service warranties and make-good obligations are recognised when the Group has a present legal or
                  constructive obligation as a result of past events, it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation                                                                  Derivatives used for              liabilities at
                  and the amount has been reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses.                                                                                                                hedging            amortised cost                                   Total
                                                                                                                                                               2020                                                Notes                     $m                          $m                                   $m
                  Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in settlement is determined by
                                                                                                                                                               Financial assets
                  considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised even if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any
                  one item included in the same class of obligations may be small.                                                                             Cash and cash equivalents                                                         -                         285.1                           285.1
                                                                                                                                                               Trade and other receivables                           7                           -                           26.3                           26.3
                  Provisions are measured at the present value of management’s best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the present
                  obligation at the statement of financial position date. The discount rate used to determine the present value reflects current               Derivative financial instruments                      21                          -                               -                               -
                  market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The increase in the provision due to the              Total                                                                             -                         311.4                           311.4
                  passage of time is recognised as interest expense.

                  Employee benefits - short-term obligations                                                                                                   Financial liabilities
                  Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits that are expected to be settled wholly within 12 months after            Trade and other payables                              12                          -                         442.3                           442.3
                  the end of the period in which the employees render the related service are recognised in respect of employees’ services up to               Borrowings                                            13                          -                         247.8                           247.8
                  the end of the reporting period and are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when the liabilities are settled. All other
                                                                                                                                                               Lease liabilities                                     11                          -                         939.3                           939.3
                  short-term employee benefit obligations are presented as payables.
                                                                                                                                                               Derivative financial instruments                      21                       1.9                                -                            1.9
                  Employee benefits – long term obligations
                                                                                                                                                               Total                                                                          1.9                        1,629.4                         1,631.3
                  The liabilities for long service leave and annual leave are not expected to be settled wholly within 12 months after the end of the
                  period in which the employees render the related service. They are therefore recognised in the provision for employee benefits
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Financial assets and
                  and measured as the present value of expected future payments to be made in respect of services provided by employees up
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Derivatives used for              liabilities at
                  to the end of the reporting period using the projected unit credit method. Consideration is given to expected future wage and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        hedging            amortised cost                                   Total
                  salary levels, experience of employee departures and periods of service. Expected future payments are discounted using market
                                                                                                                                                               2019                                                Notes                     $m                          $m                                   $m
                  yields at the end of the reporting period of government bonds with terms and currencies that match, as closely as possible, the
                  estimated future cash outflows. Remeasurements as a result of experience adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions                    Financial assets
                  are recognised in profit or loss.                                                                                                            Cash and cash equivalents                                                         -                            7.5                             7.5

                  The obligations are presented as current liabilities in the balance sheet if the entity does not have an unconditional right to defer        Trade and other receivables                           7                           -                           37.6                            37.6
                  settlement for at least twelve months after the reporting period, regardless of when the actual settlement is expected to occur.             Derivative financial instruments                      21                       2.8                                -                            2.8
                  Retirement benefit obligations                                                                                                               Total                                                                          2.8                            45.1                            47.9
                  Contributions are made by the economic entity to an employee superannuation fund and are charged as expenses when
                  incurred.                                                                                                                                    Financial liabilities

                  Profit-sharing and bonus plans                                                                                                               Trade and other payables                              12                          -                         412.2                           412.2
                  The Group recognises a liability and an expense for bonuses and profit-sharing based on a formula that takes into consideration              Borrowings                                            13                          -                         394.2                           394.2
                  the profit attributable to the Company’s shareholders after certain adjustments. The Group recognises a provision where
                                                                                                                                                               Derivative financial instruments                      21                       6.2                                -                            6.2
                  contractually obliged or where there is a past practice that has created a constructive obligation.
                                                                                                                                                               Total                                                                          6.2                          806.4                           812.6
                  Make-good requirements in relation to leased premises
                  Make-good costs arising from contractual obligations in lease agreements are recognised as provisions at the inception of the               The Group’s exposure to various risks associated with the financial instruments is discussed in Note 21 – Financial risk management. The
                  agreement. A corresponding asset is taken up in property, plant and equipment at that time. Expected future payments are                    maximum exposure to credit risk at the end of the reporting period is the carrying amount of each class of financial assets mentioned
                  discounted using appropriate market yields at reporting date.                                                                               above.

                  Critical accounting estimates and assumptions                                                                                               (b)       Recognised fair value measurements
                  Estimated value of make-good provision
                  The Group has estimated the present value of the expenditure required to remove any leasehold improvements and return                       (i)        Fair value hierarchy
                  leasehold premises to their original state, in addition to the likelihood of this occurring. These costs have been capitalised as part      This section explains the judgements and estimates made in determining the fair values of the financial instruments that are recognised
                  of the cost of the leasehold improvements.                                                                                                  and measured at fair value in the financial statements. To provide an indication about the reliability of the inputs used in determining
                                                                                                                                                              fair value, the Group has classified its financial instruments into the three levels prescribed under the accounting standards. An
                  Long service leave                                                                                                                          explanation of each level follows underneath the table.
                  Judgement is required in determining the following key assumptions used in the calculation of long service leave at balance
                  date.                                                                                                                                       The fair value of forward exchange contracts is determined using forward exchange market rates at the balance sheet date.
                       Future increase in salaries and wages;
                       Future on-cost rates; and                                                                                                             The carrying value less impairment provision of trade receivables and payables are assumed to approximate their fair values due to
                       Experience of employee departures and period of service.                                                                              their short-term nature. The fair value of financial liabilities for disclosure purposes is estimated by discounting the future contractual
                                                                                                                                                              cash flows at the current market interest rate that is available to the Group for similar financial instruments.
                  Onerous contracts
                  For loss-making revenue contracts, the Group estimates a range of potential financial outcomes for each contract based on
                  forecast scenarios. It then records a liability for the present value of the resulting forecasted loss of each contract.

                  Employee benefits
                  Judgements have been made in the calculations as to the number of overtime hours, allowance payments and the valuation
                  based on assumed work patterns.
     110110
             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                                                                                                                                                                  S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 111
          S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0                                                                                                                                                           S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 111




               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)                                                                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
               For the period ended 27 June 2020                                                                                                           For the period ended 27 June 2020

               16.       Financial assets and financial liabilities (continued)                                                                            16.      Financial assets and financial liabilities (continued)
               (b)       Recognised fair value measurements (continued)
                                                                                                                                                            Significant Accounting Policies
               (i)       Fair value hierarchy (continued)                                                                                                   Financial assets classification




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                            The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:
               The following tables present the Group’s entity’s assets and liabilities measured and recognised at fair value.                                  those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through Other Comprehensive Income (OCI) or through profit or
                                                                            Level 1              Level 2            Level 3                   Total              loss), and
               2020                                                                         $m        $m                   $m                   $m              those to be measured at amortised cost.

               Financial assets                                                                                                                             The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the contractual terms of the cash
               Derivatives used for hedging                                                    -         -                   -                    -         flows.
               Total                                                                           -         -                   -                    -         For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in profit or loss or OCI. For investments in equity instruments
               Financial liabilities                                                                                                                        that are not held for trading, this will depend on whether the Group has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial
                                                                                                                                                            recognition to account for the equity investment at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI).
               Derivatives used for hedging                                                    -       1.9                   -                  1.9
               Total                                                                           -       1.9                   -                  1.9         The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing those assets changes.

                                                                                         Level 1   Level 2             Level 3                Total         Recognition and derecognition
                                                                                                                                                            Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date on which the Group commits to
               2019                                                                         $m        $m                   $m                   $m          purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised when the rights to receive cash flows from the financial assets have
               Financial assets                                                                                                                             expired or have been transferred and the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.
               Derivatives used for hedging                                                    -       2.8                    -                 2.8         Measurement
               Total                                                                           -       2.8                    -                 2.8         At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial asset not at fair value
               Financial liabilities                                                                                                                        through profit or loss (FVPL), transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction
                                                                                                                                                            costs of financial assets carried at FVPL are expensed in profit or loss.
               Derivatives used for hedging                                                    -       6.2                    -                 6.2
               Total                                                                           -       6.2                    -                 6.2         Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining whether their cash flows are solely
                                                                                                                                                            payment of principal and interest.
               There were no transfers between any levels for recurring fair value measurements during the year. The Group’s policy is to recognise         Debt instruments
               transfers into and transfers out of fair value hierarchy levels as at the end of the reporting period.                                       Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for managing the asset and the cash flow
                                                                                                                                                            characteristics of the asset. There are three measurement categories into which the Group classifies its debt instruments:
               Level 1: The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets (such as publicly traded derivatives, and trading and
               available-for-sale securities) is based on quoted market prices at the end of the reporting period. The quoted market price used             Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows represent solely payments of
               for financial assets held by the Group is the current bid price. These instruments are included in level 1.                                  principal and interest are measured at amortised cost. Interest income from these financial assets is included in finance income
                                                                                                                                                            using the effective interest rate method. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition is recognised directly in profit or loss and
               Level 2: The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example, over-the-counter derivatives)         presented in other gains/(losses) together with foreign exchange gains and losses. Impairment losses are presented as separate
               is determined using valuation techniques which maximise the use of observable market data and rely as little as possible on entity-          line item in the statement of profit or loss.
               specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.
                                                                                                                                                            FVOCI: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the financial assets, where the assets’ cash flows
               Level 3: If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is included in level 3. This is     represent solely payments of principal and interest, are measured at FVOCI. Movements in the carrying amount are taken through
               the case for unlisted equity securities.                                                                                                     OCI, except for the recognition of impairment gains or losses, interest income and foreign exchange gains and losses which are
                                                                                                                                                            recognised in profit or loss. When the financial asset is derecognised, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in OCI is
               (ii)      Valuation techniques used to determine fair value                                                                                  reclassified from equity to profit or loss and recognised in other gains/(losses). Interest income from these financial assets is included
               Specific valuation techniques used to value financial instruments include:                                                                   in finance income using the effective interest rate method. Foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in other gains/(losses)
                   the use of quoted market prices or dealer quotes for similar instruments;                                                               and impairment expenses are presented as separate line item in the statement of profit or loss.
                   the fair value of interest rate swaps is calculated as the present value of the estimated future cash flows based on observable
                    yield curves;                                                                                                                           FVPL: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI are measured at FVPL. A gain or loss on a debt investment
                   the fair value of forward foreign exchange contracts is determined using forward exchange rates at the balance sheet date;              that is subsequently measured at FVPL is recognised in profit or loss and presented net within other gains/(losses) in the period in
                   the fair value of the remaining financial instruments is determined using discounted cash flow analysis.                                which it arises.

                                                                                                                                                            Equity instruments
               All of the resulting fair value estimates are included in level 2, where the fair values have been determined based on present values        The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Group’s management have elected to present
               and the discount rates used were adjusted for counterparty or own credit risk.                                                               fair value gains and losses on equity investments in OCI, there is no subsequent reclassification of fair value gains and losses to
                                                                                                                                                            profit or loss following the derecognition of the investment. Dividends from such investments continue to be recognised in profit or
                                                                                                                                                            loss as other income when the Group’s right to receive payments is established.

                                                                                                                                                            Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVPL are recognised in other gains/(losses) in the statement of profit or loss as
                                                                                                                                                            applicable. Impairment losses (and reversal of impairment losses) on equity investments measured at FVOCI are not reported
                                                                                                                                                            separately from other changes in fair value.
     112112
             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                                                                                                                                                                    S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 113
          S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0                                                                                                                                                             S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 113




               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)                                                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
               For the period ended 27 June 2020                                                                                                              For the period ended 27 June 2020

               16.        Financial assets and financial liabilities (continued)                                                                              17.      Earnings per share (continued)

                  Significant Accounting Policies (continued)                                                                                                                                                                                                                      2020                    2019
                  Impairment                                                                                                                                  (d)      Weighted average number of shares used as the denominator                                            Number                    Number




For personal use only
                  The Group assesses on a forward looking basis the expected credit losses associated with its debt instruments carried at amortised
                  cost and FVOCI. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.                 Weighted average number of shares used as the denominator in calculating basic EPS                       197,610,979                197,342,404
                                                                                                                                                              Adjustments for calculation of diluted earnings per share – performance rights                              1,663,059                  1,816,842
                  For trade receivables, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by AASB 9, which requires expected lifetime losses to
                  be recognised from initial recognition of the receivables.                                                                                  Weighted average potential ordinary shares used as the denominator in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       199,274,038                199,159,246
                                                                                                                                                              calculating diluted earnings per share
                  Derivative financial instruments and hedging activities
                  Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value on the date a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently remeasured                                                                                                                             2020                    2019
                  to their fair value. The method of recognising the resulting gain or loss depends on whether the derivative is designated as a
                                                                                                                                                              (e)      Reconciliations of earnings used in calculating earnings per share                                           $m                          $m
                  hedging instrument, and if so, the nature of the item being hedged. The Group designates certain derivatives as either: hedges
                  of the fair value of recognised assets or liabilities or a firm commitment (fair value hedge); or hedges of highly probable forecast        Basic earnings and diluted earnings per share
                  transactions (cash flow hedges).                                                                                                            Profit attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the company used in EPS                     110.2               139.3
                                                                                                                                                              calculating basic earnings per share:
                  The Group documents at the inception of the transaction the relationship between hedging instruments and hedged items as                    (f)         Information concerning the classification of securities
                  well as its risk management objective and strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions. The Group also documents its
                                                                                                                                                              Options and Performance Rights
                  assessment, both at hedge inception and on an ongoing basis, of whether the derivatives that are used in hedging transactions
                  have been and will continue to be highly effective in offsetting changes in cash flows of hedged items.                                     Options and performance rights granted are considered to be potential ordinary shares and have been included in the determination
                                                                                                                                                              of diluted earnings per share to the extent to which they are dilutive.
                  Cash flow hedges
                  The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges is recognised
                  in equity in the hedging reserve. The gain or loss relating to the ineffective portion is recognised immediately in the income                Significant Accounting Policies
                  statement.                                                                                                                                    Basic earnings per share
                                                                                                                                                                Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing:
                  Amounts accumulated in equity are recycled in the income statement in the income periods when the hedged item will affect                      the profit attributable to equity holders of the Company, excluding any costs of servicing equity other than ordinary shares;
                  profit or loss (for instance when the forecast payment that is hedged takes place). However, when the forecast transaction that                by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year, adjusted for bonus elements in
                  is hedged results in the recognition of a non-financial asset (for example, inventory) or a non-financial liability, the gains and losses         ordinary shares issued during the year and excluding treasury shares.
                  previously deferred in equity are transferred from equity and included in the measurement of the initial cost or carrying amount
                  of the asset or liability.                                                                                                                    Diluted earnings per share
                                                                                                                                                                Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share to take into account the after
                  When a hedging instrument expires or is sold or terminated, or when a hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting,                income tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated with dilutive potential ordinary shares and the weighted average
                  any cumulative gain or loss existing in equity at the time remains in equity and is recognised when the forecast transaction is               number of shares assumed to have been issued for no consideration in relation to dilutive potential ordinary shares.
                  ultimately recognised in the income statement. When a forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain
                  or loss that was reported in equity is immediately transferred to the income statement.

                  Net investment hedges                                                                                                                       18.      Contributed equity
                  Hedges of net investments in foreign operations are accounted for similarly to cash flow hedges.
                                                                                                                                                              (a)      Share capital
                  Any gain or loss on the hedging instrument relating to the effective portion of the hedge is recognised in equity. The gain or loss
                  relating to the ineffective portion is recognised immediately in the income statement within other income or other expenses.                                                                                                                                 2020                    2019
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                $m                      $m
                  Gains and losses accumulated in equity are included in the income statement when the foreign operation is partially disposed of
                                                                                                                                                              Ordinary shares fully paid (219,697,707 ordinary shares as at 27 June 2020)                                     698.1                   542.3
                  or sold.

                  Derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting
                  Certain derivative instruments do not qualify for hedge accounting. Changes in the fair value of any derivative instrument that                                                                              Number of Shares                  Issue Price                             $m
                  does not qualify for hedge accounting are recognised immediately in the income statement.                                                   (i)       Movement in ordinary share capital
                                                                                                                                                              Balance 29 June 2019                                                    197,383,751                                                     542.3
                                                                                                                                                              Shares issued under performance rights                                      160,968                              -                            -
                                                                                                                                                              Shares issued from equity raise – Institutional Entitlement              22,152,988                        $7.19                        159.3
               17.        Earnings per share                                                                                                                  Less: Transaction costs arising on share issue                                      -                            -                       (3.5)
                                                                                                                                     2020        2019         Balance 27 June 2020                                                    219,697,707                                                     698.1
               (a)       Basic earnings per share                                                                                    Cents      Cents
               Total basic earnings per share attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the                                                              On 15 June 2020, the Group announced an underwritten 1 for 7 accelerated pro rata non-renounceable entitlement offer to raise
               company                                                                                                                55.8       70.6         equity of approximately $202.9 million at a fixed price of $7.19 per share. The equity raising comprised an institutional entitlement offer
                                                                                                                                                              which settled on 24 June 2020 and a retail entitlement offer which settled on 9 July 2020, subsequent to the end of the financial year.
                                                                                                                                                              The issue of shares represent fully paid ordinary shares in Super Retail Group Limited.
               (b)       Diluted earnings per share
               Total diluted earnings per share attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the                                                            Ordinary shares have no par value and the Company does not have a limited amount of authorised capital.
               company                                                                                                                55.3       69.9
                                                                                                                                                              The ordinary shares entitle the holder to participate in dividends and the proceeds on winding up of the parent entity in proportion to
                                                                                                                                                              the number of and amounts paid on the shares held.
               (c)        Normalised earnings per share(1)
               From continuing operations attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the company                                  78.0       77.3         On a show of hands every holder of ordinary shares present, in person or by proxy, at a meeting of shareholders of the parent entity is
               (1) Normalised profit attributable to ordinary equity holders is $154.1 million (2019: $152.5 million) – Note 4(b).                            entitled to one vote and, upon a poll, each share is entitled to one vote.
     114114
             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                                                                                                                                                                 S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 115
          S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0                                                                                                                                                          S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 115




               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)                                                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
               For the period ended 27 June 2020                                                                                                          For the period ended 27 June 2020

               18.       Contributed equity (continued)                                                                                                   19.      Reserves and retained earnings (continued)
               (a)       Share capital (continued)                                                                                                        (a)      Reserves (continued)

               Performance rights over 727,470 (2019: 622,684) ordinary shares were issued during the period with 160,968 (2019: 143,731) performance
                                                                                                                                                          (ii)      Nature and purpose of reserves




For personal use only
               rights vesting during the period. Under the share option plan, no ordinary shares were issued during the period (2019: nil). Information
               relating to performance rights and options outstanding at the end of the financial year are set out in Note 29 – Share-based payments.     Hedging reserve - cash flow hedges
                                                                                                                                                          The hedging reserve is used to record gains or losses on a hedging instrument in a cash flow hedge that are recognised directly in
               Dividend reinvestment plan                                                                                                                 equity, as described in Note 16 – Financial assets and financial liabilities. Amounts are recognised in profit and loss when the associated
               The Company has established a dividend reinvestment plan under which holders of ordinary shares may elect to have all or part of           hedged transaction affects profit and loss.
               their dividend entitlements satisfied by shares purchased on market rather than by being paid in cash.
                                                                                                                                                          Share-based payments reserve
                                                                                                                                                          The share-based payments reserve is used to recognise the grant date fair value of options and performance rights issued.
                 Significant Accounting Policies
                 Contributed equity                                                                                                                       Foreign currency translation reserve
                 Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in     Exchange differences arising on translation of the foreign controlled entity are taken to the foreign currency translation reserve, as
                 equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options,     described in Note 2(c). The reserve is recognised in profit and loss when the net investment is disposed of.
                 or for the acquisition of a business, are included in the cost of the acquisition as part of the purchase consideration.
                                                                                                                                                          NCI equity reserve
                                                                                                                                                          The NCI equity reserve is used to recognise the change in ownership interest in controlled entities.

              19.        Reserves and retained earnings                                                                                                   (b)    Retained earnings
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             2020                       2019
                                                                                                                      2020                2019
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               $m                        $m
                                                                                                                        $m                 $m
                                                                                                                                                          Balance at the beginning of the financial period                                                                   265.9                     223.3
               (a)      Reserves
                                                                                                                                                          Change in accounting policy – AASB 16 Leases                                                                      (34.2)                           -
               Foreign currency translation reserve                                                                      3.7                5.2
                                                                                                                                                          Restated balance at the beginning of the financial period                                                          231.7                     223.3
               Share based payments reserve                                                                             13.1               12.9
               Hedging reserve                                                                                         (1.3)              (2.3)           Net profit for the period attributable to owners of Super Retail Group Limited                                     110.2                     139.3
               NCI equity reserve                                                                                      (8.0)              (7.6)           Dividends paid                                                                                                    (56.2)                     (96.7)
               Total                                                                                                     7.5                8.2           Retained profits at the end of the financial period                                                                285.7                     265.9


               (i)      Movements                                                                                                                         20.      Reconciliation of profit from ordinary activities after income tax to net cash inflow from operating
               Foreign currency translation reserve                                                                                                                activities
               Balance at the beginning of the financial period                                                          5.2                2.5                                                                                                                               2020                      2019
               Net exchange difference on translation of foreign controlled entities                                   (1.5)                2.7                                                                                                                                $m                        $m
               Balance at the end of the financial period                                                                3.7                5.2           Profit from ordinary activities after related income tax                                                           110.2                     139.3
                                                                                                                                                          Depreciation and amortisation                                                                                      282.2                       86.6
               Share-based payments reserve                                                                                                               Net (gain) / loss on sale of non-current assets                                                                     (0.6)                        0.2
               Balance at the beginning of the financial period                                                         12.9               11.6           Non-cash employee benefits expense/share based payments                                                               0.2                        1.3
               Options and performance rights expense                                                                    0.2                1.3           Loss on divestment                                                                                                       -                       1.1
               Balance at the end of the financial period                                                               13.1               12.9           Equity accounting loss                                                                                                0.6                        2.6
                                                                                                                                                          Profit for the period attributable to non-controlling interests                                                          -                    (0.1)
               Hedging reserve
                                                                                                                                                          Net finance costs                                                                                                   55.1                       21.3
               Balance at the beginning of the financial period                                                        (2.3)                4.0
                                                                                                                                                          Change in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects from the
               Revaluation – gross                                                                                       1.4              (9.0)           purchase of controlled entities
               Deferred tax                                                                                            (0.4)                2.7            - decrease / (increase) in receivables                                                                             10.6                     (13.8)
               Balance at the end of the financial period                                                              (1.3)              (2.3)
                                                                                                                                                           - decrease / (increase) in net current tax liability                                                               19.0                     (11.5)
                                                                                                                                                           - decrease / (increase) in inventories                                                                             57.8                     (14.7)
               NCI equity reserve
                                                                                                                                                           - increase in payables                                                                                             84.1                       25.3
               Balance at the beginning of the financial period                                                        (7.6)              (7.8)
                                                                                                                                                           - increase / (decrease) in provisions                                                                                5.9                     (4.1)
               Change in ownership interest in controlled entities                                                     (0.4)                0.2
                                                                                                                                                           - (decrease) / increase in deferred taxes                                                                        (14.4)                         7.4
               Balance at the end of the financial period                                                              (8.0)              (7.6)
                                                                                                                                                          Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                                          610.7                     240.9


                                                                                                                                                           Significant Accounting Policies
                                                                                                                                                           Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                                                                                           For the purposes of the cash flow statement, cash includes cash on hand, cash at bank and at call deposits with banks or financial
                                                                                                                                                           institutions, other short term, highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to
                                                                                                                                                           known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and bank overdrafts.
     116116
             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                                                                                                                                                                  S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 117
          S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0                                                                                                                                                           S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 117




               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)                                                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
               For the period ended 27 June 2020                                                                                                              For the period ended 27 June 2020

               21.       Financial risk management                                                                                                            21.      Financial risk management (continued)
               This note explains the Group’s exposure to financial risks and how these risks could affect the Group’s future financial performance.          (b)      Market risk (continued)
               Current year profit and loss information has been included where relevant to add further context.
                                                                                                                                                              (i)     Foreign exchange risk (continued)




For personal use only
                                                                 Market risk                                                                                  The Group operates internationally and is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from currency exposures to the United States dollar
                                                                                                           Credit risk              Liquidity risk            (USD) and Chinese Yuan (CNY).
                                          Foreign exchange                        Interest rate
                                      Future commercial                                             Cash and cash                                             Foreign exchange risk arises when future commercial transactions and recognised assets and liabilities are denominated in a currency
                                      transactions                                                  equivalents, trade and                                    that is not the entity’s functional currency.
                   Exposure                                               Long-term borrowings at                            Borrowings and other
                                      Recognised financial                                          other receivables and
                   arising from                                           variable rates                                     liabilities                      The Group’s risk management policy is to hedge between 50 per cent and 75 per cent of anticipated foreign currency purchases for
                                      assets and liabilities not                                    derivative financial
                                      denominated in AUD                                            instruments                                               the subsequent 4 months and up to 50 per cent of anticipated foreign currency purchases for the following 5 to 12 month period.
                                                                                                                             Credit limits and
                                      Cash flow forecasting                                         Aging analysis                                            Instruments used by the Group
                   Measurement                                            Sensitivity analysis                               retention of title over
                                      Sensitivity analysis                                          Credit ratings                                            The economic entity retails products including some that have been imported from Asia, with contract pricing denominated in USD.
                                                                                                                             goods sold
                                                                                                                                                              In order to protect against exchange rate movements, the economic entity has entered into forward exchange rate contracts to
                                                                                                                             Availability of                  purchase USD. The contracts are timed to mature in line with forecast payments for imports and cover forecast purchases for the
                                      Forward foreign
                                                                                                    Rolling cash flow        committed                        subsequent twelve months, on a rolling basis. The Group does not currently enter into forward exchange rate contracts to purchase
                   Management         exchange contracts                  Interest rate swaps
                                                                                                    forecasts                credit lines and                 CNY.
                                      and options
                                                                                                                             borrowing facilities
                                                                                                                                                              Exposure
               The Group’s risk management is carried out by the finance department under policies approved by the Board. The finance                         The Group’s exposure to foreign currency risk at the end of the reporting period was as follows:
               department identifies, evaluates and hedges financial risks in close co-operation with the Group’s operating units. The Board provides
               a formal policy for overall risk management, as well as policies covering specific areas, such as foreign exchange risk, interest rate risk,                                                                                                                 2020                     2019
               credit risk, use of derivative financial instruments and non-derivative financial instruments, and investment of excess liquidity.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             USD                      USD
               (a)       Derivative Financial Instruments                                                                                                                                                                                                                     $m                       $m
                                                                                                                                                              Trade receivables                                                                                               3.5                       1.8
               Derivative Financial Instruments are used only for economic hedging purposes and not as trading or speculative instruments. The                Trade payables                                                                                                 30.2                     27.8
               Group has the following derivative financial instruments:
                                                                                                                                                              Forward exchange contract - foreign currency (cash flow hedges)
                                                                                                               2020                2019
                                                                                                                                                                    Buy United States dollars and sell Australian/New Zealand dollars with maturity
                                                                                                                             $m                      $m
                                                                                                                                                                    - 0 to 4 months                                                                                          55.3                     46.0
               Current assets
                                                                                                                                                                    - 5 to 12 months                                                                                         30.7                     48.0
               Forward foreign exchange contracts – cash flow hedges                                                            -                    2.8
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             86.0                     94.0
               Total current derivative financial instrument assets                                                             -                    2.8

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            2020                     2019
               Current liabilities
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            CNY                      CNY
               Forward foreign exchange contracts – cash flow hedges                                                          1.9                      -
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              $m                       $m
               Interest rate swap contracts – cash flow hedges                                                                  -                    6.2
                                                                                                                                                              Trade receivables                                                                                               0.2                       0.2
               Total current derivative financial instrument liabilities                                                      1.9                    6.2
                                                                                                                                                              Trade payables                                                                                                 23.8                     29.7
               (i)      Classification of derivatives
               Derivatives are classified as held for trading and accounted for at fair value through profit or loss unless they are designated as hedges.    The portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument that is determined to be an effective hedge is recognised directly in equity.
               They are presented as current assets or liabilities if they are expected to be settled within 12 months after the end of the reporting         When the cash flows occur, the Group adjusts the initial measurement of the component recognised in the consolidated balance
               period.                                                                                                                                        sheet by the related amount deferred in equity. In the year ended 27 June 2020, no hedges were designated as ineffective (2019:
                                                                                                                                                              nil).
               The Group’s accounting policy for its cash flow hedges is set out in Note 16 – Financial assets and financial liabilities. For hedged
               forecast transactions that result in the recognition of a non-financial asset, the Group has elected to include related hedging gains          Gains and losses arising from hedging contracts terminated prior to maturity are also carried forward until the designated hedged
               and losses in the initial measurement of the cost of the asset.                                                                                transaction occurs.

               (ii)      Fair value measurement                                                                                                               The following gains, losses and costs have been deferred as at the balance date:
               For information about the methods and assumptions used in determining the fair value of derivatives please refer to Note 16 – Financial                                                                                                                    2020                      2019
               assets and financial liabilities.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            $m                        $m
                                                                                                                                                               - unrealised (losses) / gains on USD foreign exchange contracts                                             (1.9)                      2.8
               (b)       Market risk
                                                                                                                                                               - unrealised (losses) on interest rate swaps                                                                    -                    (6.2)
               (i)    Foreign exchange risk                                                                                                                    Total unrealised (losses)                                                                                   (1.9)                    (3.4)
               Group companies are required to hedge their foreign exchange risk exposure using forward contracts transacted by the finance
               department.
     118118
             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                                                                                                                                                                  S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 119
          S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0                                                                                                                                                           S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 119




               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)                                                                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
               For the period ended 27 June 2020                                                                                                            For the period ended 27 June 2020

               21.        Financial risk management (continued)                                                                                             21.       Financial risk management (continued)
               (b)        Market risk (continued)                                                                                                           (b)       Market risk (continued)

               (i)        Foreign exchange risk (continued)                                                                                                 (ii)      Cashflow and fair value interest rate risk (continued)




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Fixed interest maturing in
               Group sensitivity
               Based on the financial instruments held at 27 June 2020, had the Australian dollar weakened/strengthened by 10 per cent against                                                                                                                                       Non-
               other currencies with all other variables held constant, the impact on the Group’s post-tax profit would have been nil, on the basis                                                                                                                               interest
               that the financial instruments would have been designated as cash flow hedges and the impact upon the foreign exchange                                                                            Floating      1 year or   Over 1 to        More than             bearing               Total
               movements of other financial assets and liabilities is negligible.                                                                                                                   Notes    interest rate          less    5 years           5 years            Restated           Restated
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       $m            $m         $m                 $m                  $m                 $m
               Equity would have been $8.1 million lower/$9.9 million higher (2019: $8.3 million lower/$10.2 million higher) had the Australian dollar
               weakened/strengthened by 10 per cent against other currencies, arising mainly from forward foreign exchange contracts designated              2019
               as cash flow hedges. The impact on other Group assets and liabilities as a result of movements in exchange rates is not material.             Financial assets
                                                                                                                                                             Cash and cash equivalents                                5.8            -             -                   -                 1.7                7.5
               A sensitivity of 10 per cent was selected following review of historic trends.
                                                                                                                                                             Trade and other receivables              7                  -           -             -                   -                37.6               37.6
               (ii)       Cashflow and fair value interest rate risk                                                                                         Total financial assets                                   5.8            -             -                   -                39.3               45.1
                                                                                                                                                             Weighted average rate of
               Instruments used by the Group - interest rate swap contracts                                                                                  interest                                              1.00%
               An assessment of the forecast core debt requirements subsequent to the equity raising announced on 15 June 2020 indicated that
                                                                                                                                                             Financial liabilities
               core debt was minimal. In accordance with the treasury policy, all interest rate swaps were terminated prior to the end of the financial
               year. Therefore future interest expense will be subject to variable rates.                                                                    Trade and other payables                 12                 -           -             -                   -               412.2             412.2
                                                                                                                                                             Borrowings                               13            387.0          3.4          3.8                    -                     -           394.2
               At the prior period end, the Group was a party to multiple interest rate swaps for a total nominal value of $215.0 million. These swaps       Provisions (employee benefits)           15                 -           -             -                   -               107.3             107.3
               on the prior debt balance covered approximately 55.1 per cent of the loan principal outstanding. The average fixed interest rate
               was 2.36 per cent.                                                                                                                            Total financial liabilities                            387.0          3.4          3.8                    -               519.5             913.7
                                                                                                                                                             Weighted average rate of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   3.18%
               Interest rate risk exposures                                                                                                                  interest
               The economic entity’s exposure to interest rate risk and the effective weighted average interest rate by maturity periods is set out in       Net financial (liabilities) / assets                  (381.2)        (3.4)        (3.8)                       -       (480.2)              (868.6)
               the following table:
                                                                                                    Fixed interest maturing in                              Group sensitivity
                                                                                                                                                            The Group’s main interest rate risk arises from long-term borrowings. Borrowings issued at variable rates expose the Group to cash flow
                                                                                                                                        Non-                interest rate risk. Borrowings issued at fixed rates expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk. During the 2020 and 2019 financial
                                                                              Floating       1 year or   Over 1 to 5   More than     interest               years, the Group’s borrowings were at variable rates and were denominated in Australian dollars.
                                                                          interest rate           less        years      5 years     bearing        Total
                                                              Notes                 $m             $m            $m           $m          $m          $m    As at the reporting date, the Group had the following variable rate borrowings and interest rate swap contracts outstanding:

                 2020                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          2020                    2019
                 Financial assets                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                $m                      $m
                 Cash and cash equivalents                                        283.5            -               -             -        1.6      285.1    Bank overdrafts and bank loans                                                                                     250.0                   390.0
                 Trade and other receivables                     7                       -         -               -             -      26.3        26.3    Interest rate swaps                                                                                                    -                   215.0
                 Total financial assets                                           283.5            -               -             -      27.9       311.4
                 Weighted average rate of                                                                                                                   An analysis by maturities is provided in (d) below.
                 interest                                                        0.25%
                                                                                                                                                            The Group risk management policy is to maintain fixed interest rate hedges of approximately 40 per cent of anticipated core debt
                 Financial liabilities                                                                                                                      levels over a 3 year period. The Group utilises interest rate swaps to hedge its interest rate exposure on borrowings but as disclosed
                 Lease liabilities                              11                       -     177.8          556.7        204.8            -      939.3    above all interest rate swaps were terminated prior to the end of the financial year as core debt was significantly reduced.
                 Trade and other payables                       12                       -         -               -             -     442.3       442.3
                                                                                                                                                            As at 27 June 2020, if interest rates had changed by +/- 100 basis points from the year-end rates with all other variables held constant,
                 Borrowings                                     13                247.8            -               -             -          -      247.8    post-tax profit and equity for the year would have been $1.7 million lower/higher (2019: $1.2 million lower/higher), mainly as a result of
                 Provisions (employee benefits)                 15                       -         -               -             -     112.9       112.9    higher/lower interest expense on bank loans.
                 Total financial liabilities                                      247.8        177.8          556.7        204.8       555.2     1,742.3
                                                                                                                                                            (c)       Credit risk
                 Weighted average rate of
                                                                                 2.15%
                 interest
                                                                                                                                                            Credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents, favourable derivative financial instruments and deposits with banks and financial
                 Net financial (liabilities) / assets                               35.7     (177.8)         (556.7)     (204.8)      (527.3)   (1,430.9)   institutions, as well as credit exposures to wholesale and retail customers, including outstanding receivables and committed
                                                                                                                                                            transactions.

                                                                                                                                                            (i)        Risk management
                                                                                                                                                            Credit risk is managed on a Group basis. For banks and financial institutions, only independently rated parties with a minimum rating
                                                                                                                                                            of ‘A’ are accepted.

                                                                                                                                                            If wholesale customers are independently rated, these ratings are used. Otherwise, if there is no independent rating, risk control
                                                                                                                                                            assesses the credit quality of the customer, taking into account its financial position, past experience and other factors. Individual risk
                                                                                                                                                            limits are set based on internal or external ratings in accordance with limits set by the Board. The compliance with credit limits by
                                                                                                                                                            wholesale customers is regularly monitored by management.
     120120
             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                                                                                                                                                                                S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 121
          S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0                                                                                                                                                                         S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 121




               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)                                                                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
               For the period ended 27 June 2020                                                                                                                        For the period ended 27 June 2020

               21.         Financial risk management (continued)                                                                                                        21.        Financial risk management (continued)
               (c)         Credit risk (continued)                                                                                                                      (d)        Liquidity risk (continued)

               (i)        Risk management (continued)                                                                                                                   (ii)       Maturities of financial liabilities (continued)




For personal use only
               Sales to retail customers are required to be settled in cash, using major credit cards or buy-now-pay-later solutions, mitigating credit                                                                                                                                                            Carrying
               risk. There are no significant concentrations of credit risk, whether through exposure to individual customers, specific industry sectors                                                                                       Between       Between                              Total              amount
               and/or regions.                                                                                                                                                                                       Less than                  1 and 2       2 and 5          Over 5       contractual           (assets) /
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       6-12
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     6 months        months       years         years           years        cash flows            liabilities
               (ii)       Security
                                                                                                                                                                          2020                                              $m          $m          $m            $m              $m                 $m                   $m
               For wholesale customers without credit rating, the Group generally retains title over the goods sold until full payment is received, thus
               limiting the loss from a possible default to the profit margin made on the sale. For some trade receivables the Group may also obtain                      Non-derivatives
               security in the form of guarantees, deeds of undertaking or letters of credit which can be called upon if the counterparty is in default                   Trade and other payables                       442.3             -          -                 -              -             442.3             442.3
               under the terms of the agreement.                                                                                                                          Borrowings(1)                                     2.7         2.7         5.4           252.6                -             263.4             250.0
                                                                                                                                                                          Lease liabilities                              107.0        106.5       198.2           437.6          228.0             1,077.3             939.3
               (d)          Liquidity risk
                                                                                                                                                                          Total non-derivatives                          552.0        109.2       203.6           690.2          228.0             1,783.0          1,631.6
               Prudent liquidity risk management implies maintaining sufficient cash and the availability of funding through an adequate amount of
               committed credit facilities to meet obligations when due. As a result of the dynamic nature of the underlying businesses, the finance
                                                                                                                                                                          Derivatives
               department maintains flexibility in funding by maintaining availability under committed credit lines.
                                                                                                                                                                          Net settled (Interest Rate Swaps)                   -            -          -                 -              -                   -                 -
               Management monitors rolling forecasts of the Group’s liquidity reserve (comprising the undrawn borrowing facilities below) and cash                        Forward exchange contracts used
               and cash equivalents on the basis of expected cash flows. In addition, the Group’s liquidity management policy involves projecting                         for hedging:
               cash flows in major currencies and considering the level of liquid assets necessary to meet these.                                                         Gross settled

               (i)          Financing arrangements                                                                                                                        - (inflow)                                     (99.6)       (25.5)          -                 -              -           (125.1)                   -
                                                                                                                                       2020                   2019        - outflow                                      101.0         26.4           -                 -              -             127.4                1.9
               Unrestricted access was available at balance date to the following lines of credit:                                       $m                     $m        Total derivatives                                 1.4         0.9           -                 -              -                2.3               1.9
                                                                                                                                                                        (1)Excludes finance leases.


                 Total facilities
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Carrying
                  - bank debt funding facility                                                                                        635.0                  635.0
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Between       Between                              Total              amount
                  - bilateral liquidity facility with ANZ(1)                                                                          100.0                         -                                                Less than         6-12     1 and 2       2 and 5          Over 5       contractual           (assets) /
                  - multi-option facility (including indemnity/guarantee)                                                               20.0                  20.0                                                   6 months        months       years         years           years        cash flows            liabilities
                 Total                                                                                                                                                    2019                                              $m          $m          $m            $m              $m                 $m                   $m
                                                                                                                                      755.0                  655.0
                                                                                                                                                                          Non-derivatives
                 Facilities used at balance date                                                                                                                          Trade and other payables                       357.3             -          -                 -              -             357.3             357.3

                  - bank debt funding facility                                                                                                                            Borrowings(1)                                     6.2         6.2        12.4           395.9                -             420.7             390.0
                                                        (2)
                                                                                                                                      250.0                  390.0
                  - bilateral liquidity facility with ANZ                                                                                                                 Finance lease liabilities                         1.8         1.8         3.6              0.3               -                7.5               7.2
                                                                                                                                            -                       -
                  - multi-option facility (including indemnity/guarantee)                                                                3.5                    3.2       Total non-derivatives                          365.3          8.0        16.0           396.2                -             785.5             754.5
                 Total                                                                                                                253.5                  393.2
                                                                                                                                                                          Derivatives
                 Unused balance of facilities at balance date                                                                                                             Net settled (Interest Rate Swaps)                 0.8         0.8         1.5              0.5               -                3.6               6.2
                  - bank debt funding facility                                                                                                                            Forward exchange contracts used
                                                                                                                                      385.0                  245.0
                                                                                                                                                                          for hedging:
                  - bilateral liquidity facility with ANZ                                                                             100.0                         -
                                                                                                                                                                          Gross settled
                  - multi-option facility (including indemnity/guarantee)                                                               16.5                  16.8
                                                                                                                                                                          - (inflow)                                     (88.2)       (45.5)          -                 -              -           (133.7)              (2.8)
                  Total                                                                                                               501.5                  261.8
                                                                                                                                                                          - outflow                                       86.1         44.6           -                 -              -             130.7                   -
                 (1) Subsequent to 27 June 2020, the Group cancelled its bilateral liquidity facility with ANZ on 7 August 2020.                                          Total derivatives                               (1.3)        (0.1)        1.5              0.5               -                0.6               3.4
                 (2) As at 27 June 2020, NIL (2019: $22.3 million) of the overdraft facility has been drawn and in accordance with financing arrangements this is       (1)Excludes finance leases.

                     offset by cash funds in transit.

               Current interest rates on bank loans of the economic entity are 2.13% - 2.16% (2019: 2.79% - 3.55%).

               (ii)       Maturities of financial liabilities
               The following tables analyse the Group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on their contractual maturities for:
               - all non-derivative financial liabilities; and
               - net and gross settled derivative financial instruments for which the contractual maturities are essential for an understanding of the
                    timing of the cash flows.

               The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows. Balances due within 12 months equal their carrying
               balances as the impact of discounting is not significant. For interest rate swaps the cash flows have been estimated using forward
               interest rates applicable at the end of the reporting period.
     122122
             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                                                                                                                                                                               S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 123
          S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0                                                                                                                                                                        S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 123




               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)                                                                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
               For the period ended 27 June 2020                                                                                                                    For the period ended 27 June 2020

               22.       Capital management                                                                                                                         22.          Capital management (continued)
               (a)        Risk management
                                                                                                                                                                    (b)          Dividends                                                                                                   2020                      2019
               The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard its ability to continue as a going concern, so that it can continue to                                                                                                                                           $m                        $m




For personal use only
               provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders, and maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of                Ordinary shares
               capital.                                                                                                                                             Dividends paid by Super Retail Group Limited during the financial year were as follows:

               In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital              Final dividend for the period ended 29 June 2019 of 28.5 cents per share (2018: 27.5
               to shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt.                                                                                     cents per share) paid on 26 September 2019. Fully franked based on tax paid at 30%                                        56.2                      54.3

                                                                                                                                                                    Interim dividend for the period ended 28 December 2019 of 21.5 cents (2019: 21.5 cents
               The Group monitors overall capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. The ratio is calculated as net debt divided by total capital. Net
                                                                                                                                                                    per share) declared but subsequently cancelled. Fully franked based on tax paid at
               debt is calculated as total borrowings less cash and cash equivalents. Total capital is calculated as equity as shown in the
                                                                                                                                                                    30%                                                                                                                           -                     42.4
               consolidated balance sheet (including non-controlling interests) plus net debt.
                                                                                                                                                                    Total dividends provided and paid                                                                                         56.2                      96.7
               During 2020 the Group’s strategy, which was unchanged from 2019, was to ensure that the gearing ratio remained below 50 per cent.
               This target ratio range excludes the short-term impact of acquisitions. The gearing ratios at 27 June 2020 and 29 June 2019 were as                  Dividends paid in cash or satisfied by the issue of shares under the dividend
               follows:                                                                                                                                             reinvestment plan were as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                        -    paid in cash                                                                                                     54.5                      95.0
                                                                                                                            Pre-AASB 16
                                                                                                                                                                        -    satisfied by issue of shares purchased on market                                                                  1.7                        1.7
                                                                                                              2020                2020                    2019
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              56.2                      96.7
                                                                                                                $m                     $m                      $m
               Total borrowings                                                                                                                                     Dividends not recognised at year end
                                                                                                             247.8                  252.5                394.2
                                                                                                                                                                    Subsequent to year end, the Directors have declared the payment of a final dividend of
               Total lease liabilities                                                                       939.3                       -                      -   19.5 cents per ordinary share (2019: 28.5 cents per ordinary share), fully franked based on
               Less: Cash & cash equivalents                                                               (285.1)                (285.1)                 (7.5)     tax paid at 30%.
               Net Debt                                                                                      902.0                  (32.6)               386.7      The aggregate amount of the dividend expected to be paid on 2 October 2020, out of
               Total Equity                                                                                  991.3                1,031.4                816.0      retained profits as at 27 June 2020, but not recognised as a liability at year end, is                                    44.0                      56.3
               Total Capital                                                                               1,893.3                  998.8              1,202.7
                                                                                                                                                                    Franking credits
               Gearing Ratio                                                                                 47.6%                 (3.3%)                32.2%      The franked portions of dividends paid after 27 June 2020 will be franked out of existing
               The Group monitors ongoing capital on the basis of the fixed charge cover ratio. The ratio is calculated as earnings before net finance              franking credits and out of franking credits arising from the payments of income tax in the
               costs, income tax, depreciation, amortisation and store and rental expense divided by fixed charge obligations (being finance costs                  years ending after 27 June 2020.
               and store and distribution centre rental expenses). Rental expenses are calculated net of straight line lease adjustments, while finance             Franking credits remaining at balance date available for dividends declared after the
               costs exclude non-cash mark-to-market losses or gains on interest rate swaps.                                                                        current balance date based on a tax rate of 30%                                                                         157.2                      138.7

               During financial year 2020 the Group’s strategy, which was unchanged from financial year 2019, was to maintain a fixed charge cover                  The above amounts represent the balance of the franking account as at the end of the financial year, adjusted for:
               ratio of around 2.0 times and a net debt to EBITDA of below 2.5 times. The fixed charge cover and net debt to EBITDA ratios at 27                    -       franking credits that will arise from the payment of the current tax liability; and
               June 2020 and 29 June 2019 were as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                    -       franking debits that will arise from the payment of the dividend as a liability at the reporting date.
                                                                                                            Pre-AASB 16
                                                                                                 2020               2020               2019
                                                                                                                                                                    The amount recorded above as the franking credit amount is based on the amount of Australian income tax paid or to be paid
                                                                                                   $m                 $m                $m                          in respect of the liability for income tax at the balance date.
               Profit attributable to Owners of Super Retail Group Limited                                   110.2                  116.1                139.3
                                                                                                                                                                    The impact on the franking account of the dividend recommended by the Directors since year end will be a reduction in the
               Add:     Taxation expense                                                                       45.6                   48.1                 50.3     franking account of $18.9 million (2019: $24.1 million). The recommended dividend has not been recognised as a liability at year
                        Net finance costs                                                                      55.1                   17.8                 21.3     end.
                        Depreciation and amortisation (excludes impairment)                                  282.2                  106.0                  86.6
               EBITDA                                                                                        493.1                  288.0                297.5          Significant Accounting Policies
                        Rental expense                                                                         50.5                 255.0                236.1          Dividend distribution
               EBITDAR                                                                                       543.6                  543.0                533.6          Provision is made for the amount of any dividend declared, being appropriately authorised and no longer at the discretion of
                        Net finance costs                                                                      55.1                   17.8                 21.3         the entity, on or before the end of the financial year but not distributed at balance date.

                        Rental expense                                                                         50.5                 255.0                236.1
               Fixed charges                                                                                 105.6                  272.8                257.4      23.          Related party transactions
               Fixed charge cover ratio                                                                        5.15                   1.99                 2.07
                                                                                                                                                                    Transactions with related parties are at arm’s length unless otherwise stated.
               Net debt to EBITDA ratio                                                                        1.82                 (0.11)                 1.30
                                                                                                                                                                    (a)     Parent entities
               Fixed charge cover ratio from normalised net profit after tax(1)                                                      2.14                  2.14     The parent entity within the Group is Super Retail Group Limited, which is the ultimate Australian parent.
               Net debt to EBITDA ratio from normalised net profit after tax(1)                                                     (0.10)                 1.23
               (1) Normalised EBITDAR is $583.0m (2019: $551.2m) and normalised EBITDA is $328.1m (2019: $314.7m).   Normalised net debt is positive $32.6m.        (b)        Subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures
                                                                                                                                                                    Interests in subsidiaries are set out in Note 27 – Investments in controlled entities. Details on associates and joint ventures can be
               (i)       Loan Covenants                                                                                                                             found at Note 24(b) – Business combinations.
               Financial covenants are provided by Super Retail Group Limited with respect to leverage, gearing, fixed charges coverage and
               shareholder funds. The Group has complied with the financial covenants of its borrowing facilities during the 2020 and 2019 financial                (c)      Key Management Personnel
               years. There are no assets pledged as security in relation to the unsecured debt in the 2020 financial year (2019: nil).                             Disclosures relating to key management personnel are set out in Note 28 – Key management personnel disclosures.
     124124
             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                                                                                                                                                                            S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 125
          S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0                                                                                                                                                                     S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 125




               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)                                                                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
               For the period ended 27 June 2020                                                                                                                        For the period ended 27 June 2020

              23.        Related party transactions (continued)                                                                                                         25.       Deed of cross guarantee
               (d)     Directors                                                                                                                                        Super Retail Group Limited, A-Mart All Sports Pty Ltd, Auto Trade Direct Pty Ltd, Workout World Pty Ltd, Coyote Retail Pty Limited,
               The names of the persons who were Directors of Super Retail Group Limited during the financial year are S A Pitkin, R A Rowe, D J Eilert,                Foghorn Holdings Pty Ltd, Goldcross Cycles Pty Ltd, Ray’s Outdoors Pty Ltd, Rebel Pty Ltd, Rebel Group Limited, Rebel Management
               H L Mowlem, P D Everingham, S A Chaplain, G T Dunne, L K Inman and A M Heraghty.                                                                         Services Pty Limited, Rebel Sport Limited, Rebel Wholesale Pty Limited, Rebelsport.com Pty Limited, SRG Equity Plan Pty Ltd, SRG Leisure




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                        Retail Pty Ltd, SRGS Pty Ltd, Supercheap Auto Pty Ltd, Super Retail Commercial Pty Ltd, Super Retail Group Services Pty Ltd, Macpac
               (e)      Amounts due from related parties                                                                                                                Holdings Pty Ltd, Macpac Retail Pty Ltd, Mouton Noir Management Pty Ltd, MP Finco Pty Limited, Macpac Group Holdings Pty Limited,
               There are no amounts due from Directors of the consolidated entity and their director-related entities (2019: nil).                                      Infinite Retail Pty Ltd and Oceania Bicycles Pty Ltd are parties to a Deed of Cross Guarantee under which each company guarantees
                                                                                                                                                                        the debts of the others. By entering into the Deed, the wholly-owned entities have been relieved from the requirement to prepare a
               (f)       Transactions with other related parties                                                                                                        financial report and directors’ report under ASIC Corporations (Wholly-owned Companies) Instrument 2016/785 issued by the
                                                                                                                                   2020                 2019            Australian Securities and Investments Commission.
                 Aggregate amounts included in the determination of profit from ordinary activities                                   $                    $
                 before income tax that resulted from transactions with related parties:                                                                                (a)       Consolidated Comprehensive Income Statement and Summary of Movements in Consolidated Retained Earnings

                 Store lease payment(1)                                                                                      9,611,168            12,087,041            The above companies represent a Closed Group for the purposes of the Class Order, and as there are no other parties to the Deed
                 Inventories(2)                                                                                              3,266,427             3,034,241            of Cross Guarantee that are controlled by Super Retail Group Limited, they also represent the Extended Closed Group.

               (1) Rent on properties, with rates which are deemed to be on an arms-length basis.    Rent payable at year-end was $750,802 (2019: nil).                 Set out below is a consolidated comprehensive income statement and a summary of movements in consolidated retained earnings
               (2) Purchases of inventories from Robert Bosch (Australia) Pty Ltd on an arms-length basis.  Amounts payable at year-end are $513,389 (2019: $78,844).   for the period ended 27 June 2020 of the Closed Group.
                 Robert Bosch (Australia) Pty Ltd is a related party of the Group as it owns 50% of Autocrew Australia Pty Ltd in joint ownership with the Group.                                                                                                   2020               2019
                                                                                                                                                                        Consolidated Comprehensive Income Statement                                                                      $m                        $m
              24.       Business combinations                                                                                                                           Revenue from continuing operations                                                                         2,644.9                    2,441.4
                                                                                                                                                                        Other income from continuing operations                                                                        28.5                        1.6
               (a)       Subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                                                        Total revenues and other income                                                                            2,673.4                    2,443.0
               2020
               The Group’s subsidiaries at 27 June 2020 are as detailed in Note 27 - Investments in controlled entities. With the exception of changes                  Cost of sales of goods                                                                                   (1,458.4)                  (1,346.9)
               to the Group’s ownership interest in Infinite Retail Pty Ltd, detailed below, there were no changes to the Group’s ownership interest in
                                                                                                                                                                        Other expenses from ordinary activities
               these entities.
                                                                                                                                                                         - selling and distribution                                                                                (352.4)                    (314.8)
               Infinite Retail Pty Ltd – October 2019                                                                                                                    - marketing                                                                                                 (74.4)                     (73.3)
               On the 23 October 2019, the Group entered into an agreement with Mulawa Pty Ltd to purchase the last 5 per cent ownership interest
               in Infinite Retail Pty Ltd for $75,000. As a result Infinite Retail Pty Ltd is now a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group.                                - occupancy                                                                                               (191.5)                    (193.6)
                                                                                                                                                                         - administration                                                                                          (368.7)                    (306.7)
               2019
                                                                                                                                                                        Net finance costs                                                                                            (53.5)                     (20.8)
               During the 2019 financial year the Group changed its ownership interest in Youcamp Pty Ltd as detailed below.
                                                                                                                                                                        Share of net loss of associates and joint ventures                                                             (0.6)                     (2.6)
               Youcamp Pty Ltd – December 2018
                                                                                                                                                                        Total expenses                                                                                           (2,499.5)                  (2,258.7)
               On 7 December 2018, the Group entered into an agreement with James Woodford Pty Ltd to sell all of its shares in Youcamp Pty Ltd
               for a total consideration of $850,000. As a result the Group no longer has an ownership interest in Youcamp and the entity has been                      Profit before income tax                                                                                      173.9                     184.3
               deconsolidated from December 2018. On divestment the Group has deconsolidated Youcamp by derecognising the assets and                                    Income tax expense                                                                                           (42.6)                     (51.6)
               liabilities resulting in a loss on divestment of $0.6 million which has been recognised in the Group’s consolidated statement of
                                                                                                                                                                        Profit for the period                                                                                         131.3                     132.7
               comprehensive income.

               (b)       Associates and joint ventures                                                                                                                  Statement of comprehensive income                                                                                $m                        $m
                                                                                                                                                                        Profit for the period                                                                                         131.3                     132.7
               2020
               Autoguru Australia Pty Ltd – February 2020                                                                                                               Other comprehensive income
               On 13 February 2020, shares in Autoguru Australia Pty Ltd were issued to the management of Autoguru. As a result. Super Retail                           Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
               Group’s ownership interest in Autoguru reduced from 49.52 per cent to 38.29 per cent.                                                                    Changes in the fair value of cash flow hedges                                                                    1.0                     (4.9)
               2019                                                                                                                                                     Other comprehensive income for the period, net of tax                                                            1.0                     (4.9)
               Autocrew Australia Pty Ltd – June 2019                                                                                                                   Total comprehensive income for the period                                                                     132.3                     127.8
               During the period the Group injected additional capital of $675,000 into Autocrew Australia Pty Ltd, a joint venture with Robert Bosch
               (Australia) Pty Ltd where the Group has a 50 per cent ownership interest. Autocrew opened its second workshop in February 2019.
               Equity accounted losses of $0.5 million are included in the Group’s consolidated statement of comprehensive income. Based on initial
               trading results the value of the Groups investment in Autocrew has been impaired to nil resulting in a further loss of $0.6 million also
                                                                                                                                                                        (a)       Consolidated Comprehensive Income Statement and Summary of Movements in Consolidated Retained Earnings
               being recognised in the Group’s consolidated statement of comprehensive income.
                                                                                                                                                                                  (continued)

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      2020                       2019
                                                                                                                                                                        Summary of movements in consolidated retained earnings                                                          $m                        $m
                                                                                                                                                                        Retained profits at the beginning of the financial period                                                     245.5                     209.5
                                                                                                                                                                        Change in accounting policy – AASB 16 Leases                                                                 (33.4)                         -
                                                                                                                                                                        Change in Closed Group                                                                                         82.2                         -
                                                                                                                                                                        Restated balance at the beginning of the financial period                                                     294.3                      209.5
                                                                                                                                                                        Profit for the period                                                                                         131.3                      132.7
                                                                                                                                                                        Dividends paid                                                                                               (56.2)                     (96.7)
                                                                                                                                                                        Retained profits at the end of the financial period                                                           369.4                     245.5
     126126
             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                                                                                                                               S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 127
          S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0                                                                                                                        S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 127




               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)                                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
               For the period ended 27 June 2020                                                                           For the period ended 27 June 2020

               25.        Deed of cross guarantee (continued)                                                              26.        Parent entity financial information
               (b)        Consolidated Balance Sheet                                                                       The individual financial statements for the parent entity show the following aggregate amounts:

               Set out below is a consolidated balance sheet as at 27 June 2020 of the Closed Group.                                                                                                                                        2020                      2019




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             $m                        $m
               ASSETS                                                                                   2020      2019     Balance Sheet
               Current assets                                                                             $m        $m     Current assets                                                                                                  325.9                      265.8
               Cash and cash equivalents                                                                260.9         -    Total assets                                                                                                  1,134.3                   1,072.1
               Trade and other receivables                                                               36.6      28.1
               Inventories                                                                              451.3     489.7    Current liabilities                                                                                               30.6                      35.9
               Current tax receivables                                                                      -       1.9    Total liabilities                                                                                               279.4                      423.5
               Derivative financial instruments                                                             -       2.8
                                                                                                                           NET ASSETS                                                                                                      854.9                      648.6
               Total current assets                                                                     748.8     522.5
                                                                                                                           Contributed equity                                                                                              698.1                      542.3
               Non-current assets                                                                                          Reserves
               Other financial assets                                                                   196.7     277.7    - share-based payments                                                                                            13.1                      12.9
               Deferred tax assets                                                                       11.6         -    - cash flow hedges                                                                                                    -                     (4.3)
               Property, plant and equipment                                                            219.6     243.3
                                                                                                                           Retained earnings                                                                                               143.7                       97.7
               Right-of-use assets                                                                      789.0         -
                                                                                                                           Total Equity                                                                                                    854.9                      648.6
               Intangible assets                                                                        806.9     761.9
               Total non-current assets                                                                2,023.8   1,282.9   Profit after tax for the period                                                                                 102.2                      111.8
               Total assets                                                                            2,772.6   1,805.4   Total comprehensive income                                                                                      106.5                      108.5

               LIABILITIES
               Current liabilities                                                                                           Significant Accounting Policies
               Trade and other payables                                                                 419.7     415.3      Parent entity financial information
               Borrowings                                                                                   -      11.4      The financial information for the parent entity, Super Retail Group Limited has been prepared on the same basis as the
               Lease liabilities                                                                        166.6         -      consolidated financial statements, except as set out below.
               Current tax liabilities                                                                   17.2         -
                                                                                                                             Investments in subsidiaries
               Derivative financial instruments                                                           1.9       6.2      Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost in the financial statements of Super Retail Group Limited.
               Provisions                                                                               107.8      98.8
               Total current liabilities                                                                713.2     531.7      Tax consolidation legislation
                                                                                                                             Super Retail Group Limited and its wholly-owned Australian controlled entities have implemented the tax consolidation legislation.
               Non-current liabilities
                                                                                                                             The head entity, Super Retail Group Limited, and the controlled entities in the tax consolidated group account for current and
               Trade and other payables                                                                     -      48.1
                                                                                                                             deferred tax amounts under the Separate taxpayer within Group approach in accordance with AASB Interpretation 1052, Tax
               Borrowings                                                                               247.8     390.8      Consolidation Accounting.
               Lease liabilities                                                                        717.4         -
               Deferred tax liabilities                                                                     -      17.2      In addition to its own current and deferred tax amounts, Super Retail Group Limited also recognises the current tax liabilities (or
               Provisions                                                                                23.4      19.2      assets) and the deferred tax assets arising from unused tax losses and unused tax credits assumed from controlled entities in the
                                                                                                                             tax consolidated group.
               Total non-current liabilities                                                            988.6     475.3
               Total liabilities                                                                       1,701.8   1,007.0     The entities have also entered into a tax funding agreement under which the wholly-owned entities fully compensate Super Retail
                                                                                                                             Group Limited for any current tax payable assumed and are compensated by Super Retail Group Limited for any current tax
               NET ASSETS                                                                              1,070.8    798.4      receivable and deferred tax assets relating to unused tax losses or unused tax credits that are transferred to Super Retail Group
                                                                                                                             Limited under the tax consolidation legislation. The funding amounts are determined by reference to the amounts recognised in
                                                                                                                             the wholly-owned entities’ financial statements.
               EQUITY
               Contributed equity                                                                       698.1     542.3      The amounts receivable/payable under the tax funding agreement are due upon receipt of the funding advice from the head
               Reserves                                                                                   3.3      10.6      entity, which is issued as soon as practicable after the end of each financial year. The head entity may also require payment of
               Retained profits                                                                         369.4     245.5      interim funding amounts to assist with its obligations to pay tax instalments.

               TOTAL EQUITY                                                                            1,070.8    798.4      Assets or liabilities arising under tax funding agreements with the tax consolidated entities are recognised as current amounts
                                                                                                                             receivable from or payable to other entities in the Group. Any difference between the amounts assumed and amounts receivable
                                                                                                                             or payable under the tax funding agreement are recognised as a contribution to (or distribution from) wholly-owned tax
                                                                                                                             consolidated entities.

                                                                                                                             Financial guarantees
                                                                                                                             Where the parent entity has provided financial guarantees in relation to loans and payables of subsidiaries for no compensation,
                                                                                                                             the fair values of these guarantees are accounted for as contributions and recognised as part of the cost of the investment.
     128128
             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                                                                                                                                                                                         S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 129
          S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0                                                                                                                                                                                  S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 129




               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)                                                                                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
               For the period ended 27 June 2020                                                                                                                           For the period ended 27 June 2020

               27.        Investments in controlled entities                                                                                                               28.       Key Management Personnel disclosures
               The Group’s subsidiaries at 27 June 2020 are set out below. Unless otherwise stated, they have share capital consisting of ordinary
                                                                                                                                                                           (a)       Key Management Personnel compensation                                                                          2020                      2019
               shares that are held directly by the Group, and the proportion of ownership interests held equals the voting rights held by the Group.
               The country of incorporation is also their principal place of business.                                                                                                                                                                                                                   $                         $




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                  Equity Holding                           Short-term employee benefits                                                                                      7,421,738                  5,638,821
                                                                                           Country of                                           2020        2019           Long-term employee benefits                                                                                           25,003                   114,843
                 Name of Entity                                                          Incorporation           Principal Activities            %           %             Post-employment benefits                                                                                             178,154                   929,632
                 A-Mart All Sports Pty Ltd(1)                                              Australia                 Sports retail               100        100            Share-based payments                                                                                                 711,742                 (169,235)
                 Auto Trade Direct (NZ) Limited                                          New Zealand                 Auto retail                 100        100                                                                                                                              8,336,637                  6,514,061
                 Auto Trade Direct Pty Ltd(1)                                              Australia                 Auto retail                 100        100
                 BCF New Zealand Limited                                                 New Zealand               Outdoor retail                100        100            The key management personnel remuneration in some instances has been paid by a subsidiary.
                 Workout World Pty Limited(1)                                              Australia                 Sports retail               100        100
                                                                                                                                                                           Loans to key management personnel
                 Coyote Retail Pty Limited(1)                                              Australia                 Sports retail               100        100
                                                                                                                                                                           There were no loans to individuals at any time.
                 Foghorn Holdings Pty Ltd(1)                                               Australia                 Sports retail               100        100
                 Goldcross Cycles Pty Ltd(1)                                               Australia                 Sports retail               100        100            Other transactions with key management personnel
                                                                                                                                                                           Aggregate amounts of each of the above types of other transactions with key management personnel of Super Retail Group
                 Infinite Retail Pty Ltd(1)                                                Australia                 Sports retail               100         95
                                                                                                                                                                           Limited:
                 VBM Retail (HK) Limited(2)                                               Hong Kong                  Sports retail               100         95
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         2020                2019
                 Infinite Retail UK Limited(2)                                      United Kingdom                   Sports retail               100         95
                                                                                                                                                                           Amounts paid to key management personnel as shareholders                                                                       $                         $
                 VBM Retail NZ Limited(2)                                                New Zealand                 Sports retail               100         95
                                                                                                                                                                           Dividends(1)                                                                                                      17,135,677                30,133,125
                 Macpac Holdings Pty Ltd(1)                                                Australia               Outdoor retail                100        100            (1) Dividends paid to KMP shareholders is down on the prior year due to the cancellation of the FY20 interim dividend.

                 Macpac Group Holdings Pty Limited(1) (4)                                  Australia               Outdoor retail                100        100
                 Macpac New Zealand Limited                                              New Zealand               Outdoor retail                100        100
                 Macpac Retail Pty Ltd(1)                                                  Australia               Outdoor retail                100        100            29.       Share-based payments
                 Macpac Limited                                                          New Zealand               Outdoor retail                100        100
                                                                                                                                                                           (a)       Executive Performance Rights
                 Macpac Enterprise                                                       New Zealand               Outdoor retail                100        100
                 MP Finco Pty Limited(1) (4)                                               Australia               Outdoor retail                100        100            The Company has established the Super Retail Group Executive Performance Rights Plan (“the plan”) to assist in the retention and
                                                                                                                                                                           motivation of executives of Super Retail Group (Participants). It is intended that the Performance Rights will enable the Company to
                 Mouton Noir Management Pty Ltd(1)                                         Australia               Outdoor retail                100        100
                                                                                                                                                                           retain and attract skilled and experienced executives and provide them with the motivation to enhance the success of the Company.
                 Mouton NOIR IP Limited                                                  New Zealand               Outdoor retail                100        100
                 Oceania Bicycles Pty Ltd(1)                                               Australia                 Sports retail               100        100            Under the Performance Rights, rights may be offered to Participants selected by the Board. Unless otherwise determined by the Board,
                 Oceania Bicycles Limited(3)                                             New Zealand                 Sports retail               100        100            no payment is required for the grant of rights under the plan.

                 Ray’s Outdoors New Zealand Limited                                      New Zealand               Outdoor retail                100        100            Subject to any adjustment in the event of a bonus issue, each right is an option to subscribe for one share. Upon the exercise of a
                 Ray’s Outdoors Pty Ltd(1)                                                 Australia               Outdoor retail                100        100            right by a Participant, each Share issued will rank equally with other Shares of the Company.
                 Rebel Pty Ltd(1)                                                          Australia                 Sports retail               100        100
                                                                                                                                                                           Performance Rights issued under the plan may not be transferred unless approved by the Board. The table below summarises rights
                 Rebel Group Limited(1)                                                    Australia                 Sports retail               100        100
                                                                                                                                                                           granted under the plan.
                 Rebel Management Services Pty Limited(1)                                  Australia                 Sports retail               100        100
                 Rebel Sport Limited(1)                                                    Australia                 Sports retail               100        100             Number of Rights Issued                     Balance at         Granted          Exercised           Forfeited          Balance at          Unvested at
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        start of the      during the        during the         during the           the end of          the end of
                 Rebel Wholesale Pty Limited(1)                                            Australia                 Sports retail               100        100
                                                                                                                                                                            Grant Date                                         year            year              year               year              the year            the year
                 Rebelsport.com Pty Limited(1)                                             Australia                 Sports retail               100        100             2020                                         (Number)         (Number)          (Number)           (Number)              (Number)            (Number)
                 SRG Equity Plan Pty Ltd(1)                                                Australia                Investments                  100        100             1 September 2015                               136,707                 -          (10,089)          (116,666)                9,952               9,952
                 SRG Leisure Retail Pty Ltd(1)                                             Australia               Outdoor retail                100        100             1 September 2016                               453,535                 -         (150,879)          (155,602)              147,054             147,054
                 SRGS (New Zealand) Limited                                              New Zealand     Product acquisition and distribution    100        100             1 September 2017                                633,916                -                 -          (168,031)              465,885              465,885
                 SRGS Pty Ltd(1)                                                           Australia     Product acquisition and distribution    100        100             1 September 2018                                592,684                -                 -          (247,986)              344,698              344,698
                                                                                                                                                                            1 September 2019                                      -          727,470                 -           (32,000)              695,470              695,470
                 Super Cheap Auto (New Zealand) Pty Limited                              New Zealand                 Auto retail                 100        100
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          1,816,842          727,470         (160,968)          (720,285)            1,663,059            1,663,059
                 Super Cheap Auto Pty Ltd(1)                                               Australia                 Auto retail                 100        100
                                                                                                                                                                            2019
                 Super Retail Commercial Pty Ltd(1)                                        Australia                 Auto retail                 100        100             1 September 2015                                511,500                  -       (143,731)           (231,062)              136,707              136,707
                 Super Retail Group Services (New Zealand) Limited                       New Zealand              Support services               100        100             1 September 2016                                536,775                  -               -            (83,240)              453,535              453,535
                 Super Retail Group Services Pty Ltd(1)                                    Australia              Support services               100        100             1 September 2017                                724,862                 -                -            (90,946)             633,916              633,916
                 Super Retail Group Trading (Shanghai) Ltd                                  China                 Product sourcing               100        100             1 September 2018                                      -           622,684                -            (30,000)             592,684              592,684
               (1) These controlled entities have been granted relief from the necessity to prepare financial reports in accordance with ASIC Corporations (Wholly-owned
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          1,773,137           622,684        (143,731)           (435,248)           1,816,842            1,816,842
                 Companies) Instrument 2016/785 issued by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission.
               (2) Investment is held directly by Infinite Retail Pty Ltd.
               (3) Investment is held directly by Oceania Bicycles Pty Ltd.
               (4) Previously incorporated in New Zealand.      Re-domiciled during the financial year ended 27 June 2020.
     130130
             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                                                                                                                                                            S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 131
          S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0                                                                                                                                                     S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 131




               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)                                                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
               For the period ended 27 June 2020                                                                                                    For the period ended 27 June 2020

               29.        Share-based payments (continued)                                                                                          30.      Remuneration of auditors (continued)
               Expenses arising from share based payments transactions:                                                 2020               2019     The Group’s auditor is PricewaterhouseCoopers. The Group may employ PricewaterhouseCoopers on assignments additional to their
                                                                                                                         $m                 $m      statutory audit duties where PricewaterhouseCoopers’ expertise and experience with the Group are important. These assignments
               Executive Performance Rights                                                                              0.2                 1.3    are principally tax advice and due diligence reporting on acquisitions, or where the auditor is awarded assignments on a competitive




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                    basis. It is the Group’s policy to seek competitive tenders for all major consulting projects. The Board has considered the non-audit
                                                                                                                                                    services provided during the year by the auditor, and in accordance with written advice provided by resolution of the Audit and Risk
                 Significant Accounting Policies                                                                                                    Committee, is satisfied that the provision of those non-audit services during the year by the auditor is compatible with, and did not
                 Share-based payments                                                                                                               compromise, the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001.
                 Share-based compensation benefits are provided to certain employees via the Super Retail Group Performance Rights Plan.

                 The fair value of performance rights granted under the plan are recognised as an employee benefit expense with a corresponding     31.      Contingencies
                 increase in equity. The fair value is measured at grant date and recognised over the period during which the employees become
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       2020                       2019
                 unconditionally entitled to the performance rights.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         $m                         $m
                 For performance rights, the fair value at grant date is determined using a binomial option pricing model that takes into account   Guarantees
                 the exercise price, the term of the performance rights, the vesting and performance criteria, the impact of dilution, the non-     Guarantees issued by the bankers of the Group in support of various rental
                 tradeable nature of the performance rights, the share price at grant date and expected price volatility of the underlying share,
                                                                                                                                                    arrangements.
                 the expected dividend yield and the risk-free interest rate for the term of the performance rights.
                                                                                                                                                    The maximum future rental payments guaranteed amount to:                                                              4.9                       5.2
                 The fair value of the performance rights granted excludes the impact of any non-market vesting conditions (for example,
                 profitability and sales growth targets). Non-market vesting conditions are included in assumptions about the number of             Other Contingencies
                 performance rights that are expected to become exercisable. At each balance sheet date, the entity revises its estimate of the     The Group continues to work with the Fair Work Ombudsman as the underpayment of retail team members is remediated. This may
                 number of performance rights that are expected to become exercisable. The employee benefit expense recognised each period          result in regulator undertakings and further amounts becoming payable at the direction of the regulator. Future professional advisory
                 takes into account the most recent estimate.                                                                                       fees will be incurred to finalise remediation outcomes.

                 Upon exercise of the performance rights, the balance of the share-based payments reserve relating to those performance rights      From time to time the Group is subject to legal claims as a result of its operations. An immaterial contingent liability may exist for any
                 remains in the share-based payments reserve.                                                                                       exposure over and above current provisioning levels.



                                                                                                                                                    32.      Commitments
               30.        Remuneration of auditors                                                                                                                                                                                                                    2020                       2019
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       $m                         $m
               During the period the following fees were paid or payable for services provided by the auditor of the parent entity, its related     Capital commitments
               practices and non-related audit firms.
                                                                                                                                                    Commitments for the acquisition of plant and equipment contracted for at the
                                                                                                                     2020                  2019     reporting date but not recognised as liabilities payable:
                                                                                                                        $                     $
                                                                                                                                                    Within one year                                                                                                         2.6                       0.9
               (a)        PricewaterhouseCoopers Australia
                                                                                                                                                    Total capital commitments                                                                                               2.6                       0.9
               (i)        Assurance services
               Audit and review of financial statements                                                            855,736             807,976      Lease commitments
               Other assurance(1)                                                                                         -             13,407      Commitments in relation to operating lease payments for property and motor vehicles
               Total remuneration for audit and other assurance services                                           855,736             821,383      under non-cancellable operating leases are payable as follows:
               (ii)       Taxation services                                                                                                         Within one year                                                                                                             -                  224.1
               Tax compliance services, including review of Company income tax returns                             258,577             295,484      Later than one year but not later than five years                                                                           -                  655.4
               Total remuneration for taxation services                                                            258,577             295,484      Later than five years                                                                                                       -                  132.6
               (iii)      Other services                                                                                                            Less lease straight lining adjustment (Note 12)                                                                             -                 (54.9)
               Advisory services                                                                                    45,900                    -     Total lease commitments                                                                                                     -                  957.2
               Total remuneration for advisory services                                                             45,900                    -     Future minimum lease payments expected to be received in relation to non-
                                                                                                                                                    cancellable sub-leases of operating leases                                                                                  -                     3.2
               Total remuneration of PricewaterhouseCoopers Australia                                            1,160,213           1,116,867
                                                                                                                                                    The Group leases various offices, warehouses and retail stores under non-cancellable operating leases. The leases have
               (b) Network firms of PricewaterhouseCoopers Australia                                                                                varying terms, escalation clauses and renewal rights. On renewal the terms of the leases are renegotiated.
               (i)        Taxation services                                                                                                         From 30 June 2019, the Group has recognised right-of-use assets for these leases, except for short-term and low-value leases -
               Tax compliance services, including review of Company income tax returns                              80,380              56,283      refer Note 11 – Leases and Note 34 – Changes in accounting policy.
               Total remuneration for taxation services                                                             80,380              56,283
               Total remuneration of network firms of PricewaterhouseCoopers Australia                              80,380              56,283
                                                                                                                                                    33.      Net tangible asset backing                                                                                  2020                       2019
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Cents                     Cents
               Total auditors’ remuneration                                                                      1,240,593           1,173,150
               (1) Cyber security review.                                                                                                           Net tangible asset per ordinary share                                                                               $0.88                    ($0.01)

                                                                                                                                                    Net tangible asset per ordinary share is calculated based on Net Assets of $991.3 million (2019: $816.0 million) less intangible assets of
                                                                                                                                                    $874.3 million (2019: $894.2 million) adjusted for the associated deferred tax liability of $75.3 million (2019: $75.3 million). The number of
                                                                                                                                                    shares used in the calculation was 219,697,707 (2019: 197,383,751).
     132132
             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020                                                                                                                                                                                  S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 133
          S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0                                                                                                                                                           S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 133




               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)                                                                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
               For the period ended 27 June 2020                                                                                                            For the period ended 27 June 2020

                                                                                                                                                            35.      Events occurring after balance date
              34.        Changes in accounting policy
                                                                                                                                                            On 15 June 2020, the Group announced an underwritten 1 for 7 accelerated pro rata non-renounceable entitlement offer to raise
               This note explains the impact of the adoption of AASB 16 Leases on the Group’s financial statements and discloses the new accounting         equity of approximately $202.9 million at a fixed price of $7.19 per share. The equity raising comprised an institutional entitlement offer
               policies that have been applied from 30 June 2019.                                                                                           which settled on 24 June 2020 and a retail entitlement offer which settled on 9 July 2020. As a result of the retail entitlement 6,073,995




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                            new shares were issued on 10 July 2020 for proceeds of $43.6 million. The total number of ordinary shares after the equity raising was
               The Group has adopted AASB 16 Leases retrospectively from 30 June 2019, but has not restated comparatives for the 29 June 2019               225,771,702.
               reporting period, as permitted under the specific transitional provisions in the standard. The reclassifications and the adjustments
               arising from the new leasing rules are therefore recognised in the opening balance sheet on 30 June 2019.                                    On 7 August 2020, the Group cancelled its bilateral liquidity facility with ANZ for $100 million as it had been fully repaid on 1 June 2020
                                                                                                                                                            and was surplus to requirements (refer Note 21 (d) – Financial risk management).
               (a)      Adjustments recognised on adoption of AASB 16 Leases
                                                                                                                                                            Except as noted above, no matters or circumstance have arisen since 27 June 2020 that has significantly affected, or may significantly
               On adoption of AASB 16 Leases, the group recognised lease liabilities in relation to leases which had previously been classified as          affect:
               operating leases’ under the principles of AASB 117 Leases. These liabilities were measured at the present value of the remaining lease
               payments, discounted using the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate as at 30 June 2019. The weighted average lessee’s incremental
                                                                                                                                                            (a)   the Group’s operations in future financial years; or
               borrowing rate applied to the lease liabilities on 30 June 2019 was 4.2 per cent.
                                                                                                                                                            (b)   the results of those operations in future financial years; or
                                                                                                                                                            (c)   the Group’s state of affairs in future financial years.
               For leases previously classified as finance leases the entity recognised the carrying amount of the lease asset and lease liability
               immediately before transition as the carrying amount of the right of use asset and the lease liability at the date of initial application.
               The measurement principles of AASB 16 Leases are applied only after that date. No measurement adjustments were required
               immediately after the date of initial application.

                                                                                                                                           30 June
                                                                                                                                              2019
                                                                                                                                                $m
                 Operating lease commitments disclosed as at 29 June 2019                                                                    957.2
                 Less: leases not yet commenced                                                                                              (21.1)
                 Less: discounting using the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate at the date of initial application                         (120.9)
                 Less: short-term leases recognised on a straight-line basis as expense                                                      (21.8)
                 Less: low-value leases recognised on a straight-line basis as expense                                                        (1.1)
                 Add: fitout contributions presented in property, plant and equipment                                                         13.1
                 Add: adjustments as a result of a different treatment of extension options                                                  117.5
                 Add: finance lease liabilities recognised as at 29 June 2019                                                                   7.2
                 Lease liability recognised as at 30 June 2019                                                                               930.1

               The associated right-of-use assets for certain property leases were measured on a retrospective basis as if the new rules had always
               been applied. All other right-of use assets were measured at the amount equal to the lease liability, adjusted by the amount of any
               prepaid or accrued lease payments relating to that lease recognised in the balance sheet as at 29 June 2019. The existence of some
               onerous lease contracts resulted in an adjustment to the right-of-use assets at the date of initial application of $1.6 million.

               The change in accounting policy affected the following items in the balance sheet on 30 June 2019:
                  Property, plant and equipment – decrease $24.1 million
                  Intangibles – decrease $1.4 million
                  Right-of-use assets – increase $843.5 million
                  Deferred tax assets – increase $14.4 million
                  Prepayments – decrease by $0.7 million
                  Straight-line lease adjustment – decrease by $55.4 million
                  Onerous lease provision – decrease by $1.6 million
                  Borrowings – decrease by $7.2 million
                  Lease liabilities – increase by $930.1 million

               The net impact on retained earnings on 30 June 2019 was a decrease of $34.2 million.

               Earnings per share decreased by 3.0c for the 52 weeks ended 27 June 2020 as a result of the adoption of AASB 16 Leases.

               Applying AASB 16 Leases for the first time, the Group has used the following practical expedients permitted by the standard:
                  the use of a single discount rate to a portfolio of leases with reasonably similar characteristics
                  reliance on previous assessments as to whether leases are onerous
                  the accounting for operating leases with a remaining lease term of less than 12 months as at 29 June 2019 as short-term leases
                  the accounting for operating leases for which the underlying asset is of a low value as low-value leases
                  the exclusion of initial direct costs for the measurement of the right-of-use asset at the date of initial application, and
                  the use of hindsight in determining the lease term where the contract contains options to extend or terminate the lease.

               The group has also elected not to reassess whether a contract is, or contains, a lease at the date of initial application. Instead, for
               contracts entered into before the transition date the group relied on its assessment made applying AASB 117 and Interpretation 4
               Determining whether an Arrangement contains a Lease.
                                                                                                                                                        135 S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0
     134134
             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020
          S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0                                                                                                                                                                        S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 135




                    DIRECTORS’ DECLARATION

                    In the Directors’ opinion:
                    (a)     the financial statements and notes set out on pages 80 to 133 are in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001,
                            including:
                            (i)     complying with Accounting Standards, the Corporations Regulations 2001 and other mandatory professional
                                    reporting requirements; and




For personal use only
                            (ii)    giving a true and fair view of the consolidated entity's financial position as at 27 June 2020 and of its

                    (b)
                                    performance for the financial year ended on that date; and
                            there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Compacny will be able to pay its debts as and when they become                                      Independent auditor’s report
                            due and payable; and
                    (c)     at the date of this declaration, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the members of the Extended Closed
                                                                                                                                                                                 To the members of Super Retail Group Limited
                            Group identified in Note 25 will be able to meet any obligations or liabilities to which they are, or may become, subject
                            by virtue of the deed of cross guarantee described in Note 25.                                                                                       Report on the audit of the financial report
                    Note 2(a) confirms that the financial statements also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the
                    International Accounting Standards Board.                                                                                                                    Our opinion
                    The Directors have been given the declarations by the Group Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer required by                                        In our opinion:
                    section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001.
                                                                                                                                                                                 The accompanying financial report of Super Retail Group Limited (the Company) and its controlled
                    This declaration is made in accordance with a resolution of the Directors.
                                                                                                                                                                                 entities (together the Group) is in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:
                                                                                                                                                                                 (a) giving a true and fair view of the Group's financial position as at 27 June 2020 and of its financial
                                                                                                                                                                                     performance for the period from 30 June 2019 to 27 June 2020 (the year)
                                                                                                                                                                                 (b) complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.

                                                                                                                                                                                 What we have audited
                                                                                                                                                                                 The Group financial report comprises:
                    S A Pitkin                                                           A M Heraghty                                                                            ●         the consolidated balance sheet as at 27 June 2020
                    Director                                                             Director
                                                                                                                                                                                 ●         the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended
                                                                                                                                                                                 ●         the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended
                    Brisbane
                    24 August 2020                                                                                                                                               ●         the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended
                                                                                                                                                                                 ●         the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include a summary of significant
                                                                                                                                                                                           accounting policies
                                                                                                                                                                                 ●         the directors’ declaration.

                                                                                                                                                                                 Basis for opinion
                                                                                                                                                                                 We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under
                                                                                                                                                                                 those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial report
                                                                                                                                                                                 section of our report.

                                                                                                                                                                                 We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for
                                                                                                                                                                                 our opinion.

                                                                                                                                                                                 Independence
                                                                                                                                                                                 We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor independence requirements of the
                                                                                                                                                                                 Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional and Ethical
                                                                                                                                                                                 Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including Independence
                                                                                                                                                                                 Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of the financial report in Australia. We have also
                                                                                                                                                                                 fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.




                                                                                                                                                                                     PricewaterhouseCoopers, ABN 52 780 433 757
                                                                                                                                                                                     480 Queen Street, BRISBANE QLD 4000, GPO Box 150, BRISBANE QLD 4001
                                                                                                                                                                                     T: +61 7 3257 5000, F: +61 7 3257 5999, www.pwc.com.au

                                                                                                                                                                                     Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
                                                                                                S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 136   137 S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0
     136 S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0                                                                                                                                                                                        S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 137




For personal use only
                                 Our audit approach                                                                                                                                                          Key audit matters
                                 An audit is designed to provide reasonable assurance about whether the financial report is free from                                                                        Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our
                                 material misstatement. Misstatements may arise due to fraud or error. They are considered material if                                                                       audit of the financial report for the current period. The key audit matters were addressed in the context of
                                 individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of                                                                      our audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
                                 users taken on the basis of the financial report.                                                                                                                           separate opinion on these matters. Further, any commentary on the outcomes of a particular audit
                                                                                                                                                                                                             procedure is made in that context. We communicated the key audit matters to the Audit and Risk
                                 We tailored the scope of our audit to ensure that we performed enough work to be able to give an opinion                                                                    Committee.
                                 on the financial report as a whole, taking into account the geographic and management structure of the
                                 Group, its accounting processes and controls and the industry in which it operates.                                                                                           Key audit matter                                            How our audit addressed the key audit matter

                                                                                                                                                                                                               Carrying value of Goodwill and Brand names                  Amongst other procedures, we assessed the valuation
                                                                                                                                                                                                               (Refer to note 10) Goodwill:$526.6m, Brand names:           models by:
                                                                                                                                                                                                               $253.3m                                                        ● Developed an understanding of and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   evaluated the Group’s processes and controls
                                                                                                                                                                                                               Goodwill is allocated to the Group’s cash generating                relating to annual impairment tests of the
                                                                                                                                                                                                               units (CGUs) which are consistent with the Group’s                  CGUs in light of the requirements of
                                                                                                                                                                                                               segments.                                                           Australian Accounting Standards.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ● Compared actual results with historical
                                                                                                                                                                                                               During the annual review for impairment, the Group                  forecasts to assess the reliability of the
                                                                                                                                                                                                               determined the recoverable amount for each CGU using                forecasts used in the cash flow models.
                                                                                                                                                                                                               discounted cash flow valuation models which relied on          ● Evaluated how the Group has considered the
                                                                                                                                                                                                               significant assumptions and estimates of future trading             ongoing impact of COVID-19 in the future
                                                                                                                                                                                                               performance.                                                        cash flow forecasts.
                                                                 Materiality                                                Audit scope
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ● Together with PwC valuation experts,
                                                                                                                                                                                                               The carrying value of goodwill and brand names was a                assessed the valuation methodology and
                                   ●      For the purpose of our audit we used overall Group    ●    Our audit focused on where the Group made                                                                 key audit matter due to its size and the judgements                 mathematical accuracy of the models and
                                          materiality of $8.1 million, which represents              subjective judgements; for example, significant                                                           involved in estimating the cash flow forecasts, including           compared the discount rate and growth rate
                                          approximately 5% of the Group’s profit before tax          accounting estimates involving assumptions and                                                            consideration of the assumed economic recovery in                   assumptions to historical company data and
                                          adjusted for the redundancy costs recorded in the          inherently uncertain future events.                                                                       relation to COVID-19 applied to the forecasts.                      market observable inputs.
                                          current year.                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ● Evaluated the Group’s assessment that the
                                   ●      We applied this threshold, together with                                                                                                                                                                                                 indefinite life assumption for brand names
                                          qualitative considerations, to determine the scope    ●    Our audit procedures in the current year were                                                                                                                                 remains appropriate at period end.
                                          of our audit and the nature, timing and extent of          performed at the Brisbane head office and                                                                                                                                ● Evaluated the adequacy of the disclosures
                                          our audit procedures and to evaluate the effect of         included site visits to stores and distribution                                                                                                                               made in the financial report, in light of the
                                          misstatements on the financial report as a whole.          centres in Australia and New Zealand to perform                                                                                                                               requirements of Australian Accounting
                                                                                                     audit procedures over inventory. Our team                                                                                                                                     Standards.
                                   ●      We chose the adjusted Group profit before tax              included specialists in information technology,
                                          because, in our view, it is the benchmark against          taxation, payroll and data and experts in
                                          which the performance of the Group is most                 valuations.
                                          commonly measured. We adjusted for redundancy
                                          costs as they are unusual or infrequently occurring
                                          items impacting profit and loss.
                                   ●      We utilised a 5% threshold based on our
                                          professional judgement, noting it is within the
                                          range of commonly acceptable thresholds.
                                                                                                S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 138   139 S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0
     138 S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0                                                                                                                                                                                          S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 139




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                                                               Inventory valuation                                           We performed the following audit procedures,
                                   Provision for underpayment of employees                      In assessing the provision, our procedures included                                                            (Refer to note 8) Inventories : $502.4m                       amongst others:
                                   (Refer to note 15 and 31) Provision for underpayment :       the following:                                                                                                                                                                   ● Assessed the Group’s accounting policies
                                   $32.4m                                                                                                                                                                      The valuation of inventory was a key audit matter                     against the requirements of Australian
                                                                                                      ●      Developed an understanding of the basis for                                                       because of the judgements involved in:                                Accounting Standards.
                                   The provision for employee underpayments was a key                        the Group’s estimate of the provision and the                                                                                                                       ● For a sample of inventory items we agreed
                                   audit matter due to its size, nature and the complexity of                nature of the estimation uncertainty at                                                                 ●     Estimating the stock loss provision required at           movements between stocktake date and year
                                   the model used to estimate the provision. Judgement                       balance date.                                                                                                 year end due to the performance of cycle                  end to supporting documentation.
                                   was required to determine relevant assumptions, such               ●      Together with PwC data and payroll                                                                            counts throughout the year.                           ● We tested the mathematical accuracy of the
                                   as the number of incurred overtime hours, allowance                       specialists, we evaluated the Group’s                                                                   ●     Estimating the net realisable value (NRV) of              stock loss provision.
                                   payments and assumed work patterns.                                       methodologies and assumptions used to                                                                         inventory.                                            ● We assessed the NRV provision, using data
                                                                                                             determine the underpayment provision,                                                                   ●     Capitalising attributable overheads and rebates           analysis techniques to compare the carrying
                                                                                                             including developing an understanding of the                                                                  to inventory.                                             value to the most recent sales price across the
                                                                                                             Group’s interpretation of the General Retail                                                                                                                            inventory balance.
                                                                                                             Industry Award (GRIA) and relevant                                                                                                                                  ● We evaluated the Group's methodology for
                                                                                                             Enterprise Agreements applied.                                                                                                                                          capitalising overheads and rebates to
                                                                                                      ●      Reperformed the calculation of the                                                                                                                                      inventory, as well as considering the nature
                                                                                                             underpayment provision, and agreed inputs                                                                                                                               of a sample of the costs capitalised during the
                                                                                                             used to source data for a sample of                                                                                                                                     year, in light of the requirements of the
                                                                                                             employees.                                                                                                                                                              Australian Accounting Standards.
                                                                                                      ●      Evaluated the Group’s accounting treatment
                                                                                                             and the adequacy of the disclosures in light of
                                                                                                             the requirements of Australian Accounting
                                                                                                             Standards.

                                   Implementation of new lease accounting                       We performed the following audit procedures,                                                                 Other information
                                   standard                                                     amongst others:
                                   (Refer to note 11 and 34) Right-of-use Assets: $848.0m,          ● Assessed the Group’s new accounting policies                                                           The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
                                   Lease Liabilities : $939.3m                                          against the requirements of AASB 16.                                                                 included in the annual report for the year ended 27 June 2020, but does not include the financial report
                                                                                                    ● Evaluated the adequacy of the disclosures in                                                           and our auditor’s report thereon. Prior to the date of this auditor's report, the other information we
                                   The Group’s adoption of Australian Accounting                        the financial statements, in light of the                                                            obtained included the Director’s report and the Shareholder information. We expect the remaining other
                                   Standard AASB 16 Leases (AASB 16) was a key audit                    requirements of Australian Accounting                                                                information to be made available to us after the date of this auditor's report.
                                   matter due to the significant impact transition to the               Standards.
                                   new standard had on the financial report, including the
                                   judgement required when determining lease option             For a sample of lease agreements, we:                                                                        Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and we do not and will not
                                   renewals.                                                        ● Evaluated the lease calculations against the                                                           express an opinion or any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
                                                                                                         terms of the lease agreement and the
                                                                                                         requirements of Australian Accounting                                                               In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information
                                                                                                         Standards.                                                                                          and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial
                                                                                                    ● Tested the mathematical accuracy of the                                                                report or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
                                                                                                         lease calculations.
                                                                                                    ● Evaluated the evidence relating to variable
                                                                                                                                                                                                             If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of
                                                                                                         lease payments and option renewals.
                                                                                                                                                                                                             this auditor’s report, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
                                                                                                                                                                                                             required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

                                                                                                                                                                                                             When we read the other information not yet received, if we conclude that there is a material misstatement
                                                                                                                                                                                                             therein, we are required to communicate the matter to the directors and use our professional judgement
                                                                                                                                                                                                             to determine the appropriate action to take.
                                                                                          S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 140   141 S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0
     140 S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0                                                                                                                                                                             S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 141




For personal use only
                                 Responsibilities of the directors for the financial report                                                                                                            Report on the remuneration report
                                 The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the financial report that gives a true
                                 and fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001 and for                                                                Our opinion on the remuneration report
                                 such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the financial
                                                                                                                                                                                                       We have audited the remuneration report included in pages 50 to 78 of the directors’ report for the year
                                 report that gives a true and fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
                                                                                                                                                                                                       ended 27 June 2020.
                                 error.
                                                                                                                                                                                                       In our opinion, the remuneration report of Super Retail Group Limited for the year ended 27 June 2020
                                 In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the ability of the Group to
                                                                                                                                                                                                       complies with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.
                                 continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the
                                 going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
                                 operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

                                                                                                                                                                                                       Responsibilities
                                                                                                                                                                                                       The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the remuneration
                                 Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial report                                                                                                      report in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our responsibility is to express an
                                 Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is free                                                               opinion on the remuneration report, based on our audit conducted in accordance with Australian
                                 from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes                                                             Auditing Standards.
                                 our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit
                                 conducted in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material
                                 misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if,
                                 individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of
                                 users taken on the basis of the financial report.
                                                                                                                                                                                                       PricewaterhouseCooopers
                                 A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial report is located at the Auditing
                                 and Assurance Standards Board website at:
                                 https://www.auasb.gov.au/admin/file/content102/c3/ar1_2020.pdf. This description forms part of
                                 our auditor's report.




                                                                                                                                                                                                       Paddy Carney                                                                        Brisbane
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Partner                                                                             24 August 2020
       142S US PUEPRE RR ERTA
     142
                            ETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                              I L G RO U P L I M I T E D A N N UA L R E P O RT 2020
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      S U P E R R E T A I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 143
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 143




               SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION                                                                                                               SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION (continued)
               For the period ended 27 June 2020                                                                                                     For the period ended 27 June 2020

               The shareholder information set out below was applicable as at 17 August 2020.                                                        C.        Substantial shareholdings

               Number of Shareholders                                                                                                                As at 17 August 2020, there are two substantial shareholders that the Company is aware of:
               There were 13,287 shareholders, holding 225,771,702 fully paid ordinary shares.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Ordinary shares      Percentage of issued                 Date of most




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                     Name                                                                Number held               shares                        Recent notice
               A.       Distribution of equity securities
               Analysis of numbers of equity security holders by size of holding:
                                                                                                                                                     REGINALD ALLEN ROWE                                                     65,890,431                  29.18%                      29/06/2020
                                                                          Ordinary         Percentage of   Performance Rights      Percentage of
               Range                                                  Shareholders          Shareholders             holders       Rights holders    UBS GROUP AG                                                            11,295,902                   5.02%                      13/08/2020


               1-1000                                                           7,141             53.7%                     -                    -
                                                                                                                                                     D.        Unquoted equity securities
               1,001-5,000                                                      4,911             37.0%                    3                  3.5%
               5,001-10,000                                                       782              5.9%                   37               43.5%     As at 24 August 2020, there were 1,663,059 unlisted performance rights, granted to 85 holders, over unissued ordinary shares in the
               10,001-100,000                                                     413              3.1%                   43               50.6%     Company.
               100,001 and over                                                       40           0.3%                    2                  2.4%
               Total                                                           13,287            100.0%                   85              100.0%     E.        Voting rights

               There were 624 holders of less than a marketable parcel of ordinary shares.                                                           The voting rights relating to each class of equity securities is as follows:

                                                                                                                                                     a)   Ordinary Shares
               B.       Equity security holders
                                                                                                                                                     On a show of hands at a General Meeting of the Company, every member present in person or by proxy shall have one vote and
               The names of the twenty largest holders of quoted equity securities are listed below:                                                 upon poll each person present in person or by proxy shall have one vote for each ordinary share held.
               Name                                                                                                     Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                                     b)   Options and Performance Rights
                                                                                                                                   Percentage of
                                                                                                                                                     Performance Rights and Options do not have any voting rights.
                                                                                                                  Number held      issued shares


               SCA FT PTY LTD                                                                                       64,657,627        28.64%         F.        Market buy-back
               HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                            50,974,372        22.58%
                                                                                                                                                     There is currently no on market buy-back.
               J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                                                            28,209,347        12.49%
               CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                        17,129,021        7.59%
               NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED                                                                            13,023,731        5.77%
               BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD                                                                              5,147,706        2.28%
               BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD                                                                          4,496,989        1.99%
               CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                         2,782,614        1.23%
               SCCASP HOLDINGS PTY LTD                                                                               1,232,804        0.55%
               SANTOS L HELPER PTY LTD                                                                                 904,246        0.40%
               MR KENNETH JOSEPH HALL                                                                                  777,143        0.34%
               BUTTONWOOD NOMINEES PTY LTD                                                                             736,247        0.33%
               EQUITAS NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                            706,997        0.31%
               EQUITAS NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                            648,346        0.29%
               EQUITAS NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                            625,298        0.28%
               EQUITAS NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                            611,876        0.27%
               PACIFIC CUSTODIANS PTY LIMITED                                                                          549,475        0.24%
               AMP LIFE LIMITED                                                                                        541,531        0.24%
               MR ROBERT EDWARD THORN                                                                                  474,607        0.21%
               HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED - A/C 2                                                       381,033        0.17%


                                                                                                                   194,611,010        86.20%
     144 S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0                                                                                                            S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 145




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                  Financial Calendar
                                                                                        Name of Entity
                                                                                                                                  Key dates for shareholders               (1)



                                                                                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED

                                                                                        ABN
                                                                                        81 108 676 204                              Annual General Meeting (2)     Final Dividend Ex-Date                     Final Dividend Record Date


                                                                                        Company Secretary                           28 October 2020                1 September 2020                           2 September 2020
                                                                                        Ms Rebecca Farrell

                                                                                        Principal Registered Office
                                                                                        6 Coulthards Avenue

                        Corporate                                                       STRATHPINE QLD 4500 Australia
                                                                                        Telephone:      +61 7 3482 7900

                        Directory
                                                                                                                                                                   Full Year Dividend                         Interim Results
                                                                                        Facsimile:      +61 7 3205 8522             Full Year DRP Election Date    Payment Date                               Announcement


                                                                                        Website Address                             3 September 2020               2 October 2020                             17 February 2021
                                                                                        www.superretailgroup.com.au

                                                                                        Securities Exchange
                                                                                        Super Retail Group Limited (SUL) shares
                                                                                        are quoted on the Australian Securities
                                                                                        Exchange                                                                   Interim Dividend
                                                                                                                                    Interim Dividend Ex-Date       Record Date                                Interim DRP Election Date
                                                                                        Share Registry
                                                                                        Link Market Services                        25 February 2021               26 February 2021                           1 March 2021
                                                                                        Level 12, 680 George Street
                                                                                        SYDNEY NSW 2000 Australia

                                                                                        Telephone:
                                                                                        1300 554 474                                                              (1) If there are any changes to these dates, the Australian Securities
                                                                                        +61 2 8280 7100                             Interim Dividend                  Exchange will be notified accordingly.
                                                                                        www.linkmarketservices.com.au               Payment Date
                                                                                                                                                                  (2) The 2020 Annual General Meeting of the Shareholders of
                                                                                                                                                                      Super Retail Group Limited will be held virtually. Further details are
                                                                                        Auditors                                    2 April 2021                      available on the ASX and our website at:
                                                                                        PricewaterhouseCoopers                                                        https://www.superretailgroup.com.au/investor-centre/AGM2020.aspx
     146 S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0                    S U P E R R E TA I L G R O U P L I M I T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 0 147




              Notes




For personal use only
                                                                                        INSPIRING YOU TO LIVE
                                                                                            Y O U R PA S S I O N
For personal use only


                              ABN: 81 108 676 204
                        www.superretailgroup.com.au
