                        21 August 2025


                                                            Appendix 4E and Annual Report

                        Super Retail Group Limited (ASX: SUL) attaches its Appendix 4E and Annual Report for the financial
                        year ended 28 June 2025 for release to the market.




For personal use only
                        For further information, contact:

                        Investor enquiries:
                        Mark Christensen, GM, Investor Relations
                        Ph: 07 3482 7138
                        E: mark.christensen@superretailgroup.com

                        Media enquiries:
                        Kate Carini, GM, Corporate Affairs
                        Ph: 07 3482 7404
                        E: media@superretailgroup.com

                        The release of this announcement has been authorised by the Board of Super Retail Group
                        Limited.
                                                                      APPENDIX 4E
                                                                PRELIMINARY FINAL REPORT

                                                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED (SUL)
                                                                 ABN 81 108 676 204

                        Statutory Results
                        Current Reporting Period:                                           From 30 June 2024 to 28 June 2025 (52 weeks)
                        Previous Corresponding Reporting Period:                            From 2 July 2023 to 29 June 2024 (52 weeks)


                        Results for Announcement to the Market
                                                                                                                       Comparison to 2024
                                                                                                Statutory Results
                                                                                                                        Statutory Results
                                                                                                         $m                    $m
                        Revenue from ordinary activities                                               4,070.1         Up 4.5% from $3,893.7
                        Profit from ordinary activities after tax attributable to
                        members                                                                         221.8         Down 7.6% from $240.1




For personal use only
                        Net profit for the period attributable to members                               221.8         Down 7.6% from $240.1


                        Dividends – ordinary shares
                                                                                                                       Franked Amount Per
                                                                                               Amount Per Share
                                                                                                                             Share
                        Interim dividend – Current Period                                               32.0¢                32.0¢
                        Final dividend – Current Period(1)                                              34.0¢                 34.0¢
                        Special dividend – Current Period(1)                                            30.0¢                 30.0¢

                        Record date for determining entitlements to the dividends                                      9 September 2025
                        Date the final dividend and special dividend are payable                                       16 October 2025

                        (1)   Determined on 21 August 2025, not yet provided for as at 28 June 2025.


                        Brief explanation of figures reported above to enable the figures to be understood
                        This report is based on the consolidated financial statements which have been audited. The audit report, which
                        was unqualified, is included within the Company’s Annual Report for the financial year ended 28 June 2025
                        (Annual Report) which accompanies this Appendix 4E.

                        For further commentary on the results for the year, please refer to the Company’s Results Announcement for the
                        financial year ended 28 June 2025 and the Annual Report.

                        Key features:
                             Group sales up 4.5 per cent to $4.1 billion
                             Group gross margin down 50 bps to 45.6 per cent
                             Segment EBIT in line with prior year at $400 million
                             Normalised PBT down 4 per cent to $329 million
                             Normalised NPAT down 4 per cent to $232 million
                             Statutory NPAT down 8 per cent to $222 million
                             Statutory EPS of 98.2 cents and normalised EPS of 102.9 cents
                             Fully franked final ordinary dividend of 34 cents per share and fully franked special dividend of 30 cents
                              per share
                                                                        APPENDIX 4E
                                                                  PRELIMINARY FINAL REPORT

                                                            SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED (SUL)
                                                                   ABN 81 108 676 204

                             Expanded store network – opened 31 new stores, closed 8
                             Effective omni-retail execution – online sales up 8 per cent to $524 million
                             Growing loyalty base – total active club members(1) increased by 1 million (+9 per cent) to 12.5 million
                             Highly engaged team – engagement score of 81(2)
                             Significant improvement in safety performance – TRIFR (3) improved from 14.5 in FY24 to 12.1 in FY25
                             Conservative balance sheet – no drawn bank debt and $63 million cash balance


                        This document should be read in conjunction with the Annual Report and any public announcements made in
                        the period by the Company in accordance with the continuous disclosure requirements of the Corporations Act
                        2001 (Cth) and the ASX Listing Rules.




For personal use only
                        Dividends or distribution reinvestment plans
                        The Company's Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP) remains active. The DRP is optional and offers eligible
                        shareholders the opportunity to acquire fully paid ordinary shares in the Company rather than receiving
                        dividends in cash. It is expected that the shares allocated under the DRP will be purchased on market and
                        allocated on the dividend payment date. The DRP shares will rank pari passu with other fully paid ordinary shares
                        on issue. The allocation price will be the arithmetic average of the weighted average market price of all Super
                        Retail Group Limited ordinary shares sold in the ordinary course of trading on the ASX on each of the
                        10 consecutive trading days during the period from 12 September 2025 to 25 September 2025 (inclusive). A
                        shareholder can elect to participate in or terminate their involvement in the DRP at any time.

                        Election notices for participation in the DRP in relation to the final dividend and special dividend must be
                        received by the registry by 5.00pm (AEDT) on 10 September 2025 to be effective for the dividends. The Directors
                        have determined that no discount will apply to the allocation price for the dividends. Shares to be allocated
                        under the DRP will be transferred to participants on 16 October 2025.


                        Foreign Entities
                        Foreign entities have been accounted for in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards.


                        Details of associates and joint venture entities
                        The Group did not have any associates or joint venture entities during the period.


                        Control gained or lost over entities during the period
                        (a) Names of entities where control was gained in the period
                        There were no entities over which control was gained during the period.

                        (b) Names of entities where control was lost in the period
                        VBM Retail (HK) Limited ceased being a Group entity upon its deregistration on 6 December 2024. There were
                        no other entities over which the Group lost control during the period.




                            (1)   Active club member is a club member who purchased in the last 12 months.
                            (2)   Based on May 2025 engagement survey.
                            (3)   Total recordable injury frequency rate.
                        20 ANNUAL
                        25 REPORT




For personal use only




                              Inspiring you to
                              live your passion
                        Acknowledgement                             Important notice
                        of Country                                  This report contains forward-looking statements. While
                                                                    these forward-looking statements reflect Super Retail
                        Super Retail Group acknowledges             Group’s expectations at the date of this report, they are
                                                                    not guarantees or predictions of future performance or
                        the Traditional Custodians of Country       statements of fact. These statements involve known and
                        throughout Australia and recognises their   unknown risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual
                        continuing connection to land, waters       results to differ materially from those expressed in the
                        and communities.                            statements contained in this report.

                                                                    There are inherent limitations with respect to scenario
                        We pay our respect to Aboriginal and        analysis, and it is difficult to predict which, if any, of
                        Torres Strait Islander cultures, and to     the scenarios might eventuate. Scenario analysis is not
                        Elders past and present.                    a forecast and is not intended to represent a full and
                                                                    definite description of the future, but rather the key
                                                                    factors that could drive future developments. Scenarios
                                                                    do not constitute definitive outcomes or probabilities,
                                                                    and scenario analysis relies on assumptions that may or




For personal use only
                                                                    may not be, or prove to be, correct and may or may not
                                                                    eventuate. Scenarios may also be impacted by additional
                                                                    factors to the assumptions disclosed.

                        We also operate in Aotearoa New Zealand,    Super Retail Group makes no representation, assurance or
                        and we acknowledge ngā iwi Māori            guarantee as to the accuracy or likelihood or fulfilment of
                        as Tangata Whenau (First People)            any forward-looking statement or any outcomes expressed
                        of Aotearoa.                                or implied in any forward-looking statement. Except
                                                                    as required by applicable laws or regulations, neither
                        Super Retail Group is committed to          Super Retail Group nor any other person undertakes to
                                                                    publicly update or review any forward-looking statements,
                        upholding the Te Tiriti o Waitangi -        whether as a result of new information or future events.
                        Treaty of Waitangi principles,              Past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future
                        developing relationships with, and          performance. Super Retail Group cautions against reliance
                        supporting local iwi.                       on any forward-looking statements or guidance.

                        Manaaki whenua,                             There are references to ‘IFRS’ and ‘non-IFRS’ financial
                        Manaaki tāngata,                            information in this report. Non-IFRS financial measures are
                                                                    financial measures other than those defined or specified
                        Haere whakamua.
                                                                    under any relevant accounting standard and may not be
                                                                    directly comparable with other companies’ information.
                        If we care for the land,                    Non-IFRS financial measures are used to enhance the
                        If we care for the people,                  comparability of information between reporting periods.
                        We can move forward into the future.        Non-IFRS financial information should be considered in
                                                                    addition to, and is not intended to be a substitute for, IFRS
                        Māori proverb                               financial information and measures. Non-IFRS financial
                                                                    measures are not subject to audit or review.


                                                                    About this report.
                                                                    This Annual Report is a summary of the operations,
                                                                    activities and performance of Super Retail Group Limited
                                                                    (ABN 81 108 676 204) (the Company or Super Retail
                                                                    Group) and its subsidiaries (the Group) for the financial
                                                                    year ended 28 June 2025. The financial year for FY25
                                                                    represents a 52-week period.

                                                                    In this Annual Report, references to ‘we’, ‘us’, ‘our’
                                                                    and ‘Group’ refer to the Company and its subsidiaries.
                                                                    References in this report to ‘the year’, ‘the period’ or ‘the
                                                                    reporting period’ are to the financial year ended 28 June
                                                                    2025 (FY25), and comparisons of FY25 performance are by
                                                                    reference to the financial year ended 29 June 2024 (FY24),
                                                                    unless otherwise stated.

                                                                    All dollar figures are expressed in Australian dollars, unless
                                                                    otherwise stated.

                                                                    Super Retail Group is conscious of reducing the
                                                                    environmental footprint associated with the production of
                                                                    the Annual Report, and printed copies are only posted to
                                                                    shareholders who have elected to receive a printed copy.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                2




For personal use only
                                                     Contents

                                                      3       Chair’s message
                                                      5       CEO’s message
                                                      9       About us
                                                     11       Our strategy

                                                     13       Review of operations and performance
                                                     13          Group
                                                     17          Supercheap Auto
                                                     21          rebel
                                                     25          BCF
                                                     29          Macpac

                                                     33       Risk
                                                     38       Climate
                                                     45       Our team
                                                     47       Board of Directors
                                                     49       Executive Leadership Team
                                                     51       Directors’ Report
                                                     57       Remuneration Report
                                                     89       Financial Statements
                                                    150       Shareholder information

                                                    153       Glossary
                                                    155       Corporate directory
                        3                                                              SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25




                                                                         Chair’s
                                                                         message




For personal use only
                            Dear Shareholders

                            As I reflect on my first year as Chair   We also continued to invest in          the business. Our team members are
                            of Super Retail Group, I recognise       loyalty and data analytics to better    recognised across the industry for
                            that FY25 was a difficult period for     understand and serve our customers.     their expertise, passion and strong
                            the Group and the broader retail         Online sales continue to grow, with     values, and their efforts over the
                            sectors in Australia and New Zealand.    Click & Collect playing a key role.     past year reinforced their reputation
                                                                     Nine out of ten transactions are        for excellence and a commitment
                            Against a testing macroeconomic          still completed in-store, reinforcing   to taking that extra step for the
                            landscape that inevitably impacted       the value of our national network       customer.
                            the Group in FY25, we reported           in supporting our omni-channel
                            record sales and continued to            strategy.                               In the current economic climate,
                            build momentum on our plan to                                                    frontline retailer workers across the
                            strengthen the business.                 The strategy is serving the business    sector increasingly face abuse and
                                                                     well, having underpinned the            aggressive behaviour from a minority
                            Group sales surpassed $4 billion for     Group’s sustainable growth since        of customers. This is unacceptable
                            the first time, with growth supported    FY20. However, given we are at          and is something our industry,
                            by the expansion of our store            the end of our current five-year        governments and the community
                            network and increased online sales.      strategy arc, the Board believes it     cannot ignore. We continue to push
                            The performance reinforces both          is timely to undertake a review of      for a collaborative and coordinated
                            the benefit of operating a portfolio     the Group’s strategic framework         response.
                            of brands, and the resilience and        to ensure it remains relevant to
                            agility of the four businesses in our    the contemporary market and             On safety and wellbeing, we achieved
                            portfolio - Supercheap Auto, rebel,      retail dynamics. We will present        an improvement from 14.5 to 12.1
                            BCF and Macpac.                          our updated strategy – guiding us       (17 per cent) in our Total Recordable
                                                                     through to 2030 – in the first half     Injury Frequency Rate (TRIFR), over
                            Within our brand portfolio, we           of FY26.                                the past year. This reflects our focus
                            acknowledge a mixed performance,                                                 on manual handling initiatives and
                            with BCF and rebel performing well,      In the year ahead, we are also          early intervention practices, and we
                            while Supercheap Auto and Macpac         committed to continual improvement      remain committed to maintaining
                            were below our expectations.             in the execution of our strategy. I     safe environments for our people,
                                                                     know our Group Managing Director        customers and the community.
                            Strategy                                 and Chief Executive Officer Anthony
                                                                     Heraghty and the leadership team        The Board also acknowledges the
                            We remained focused on our omni-         are focused on harnessing the strong    ongoing workplace proceedings
                            retail strategy, continuing to invest    engagement of team members to           commenced in the Federal Court of
                            in new stores, refurbishments, and       build a culture of high performance.    Australia by two former employees.
                            technology infrastructure. While                                                 Super Retail Group is vigorously
                            these investments have short-term        The contribution of team members        defending the proceedings and filed
                            impacts on profitability, we are         was again critical to business          comprehensive defence statements
                            confident in the long-term value they    performance. On behalf of the Board,    with the Court in June 2025. The
                            will generate.                           I want to thank team members for        Board conducted a review and
                                                                     their dedication and commitment to      investigations into these allegations
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                4




                         supported by independent external         As part of our ongoing succession           Looking ahead
                         advisers. The Board’s review and          planning, the Board has undertaken
                         investigations concluded that none of     significant renewal in recent times,        We enter FY26 with renewed
                         the allegations were substantiated.       ensuring a diverse blend of skills and      momentum, following improved
                         As part of an appropriate risk            experience among directors.                 performance from all four brands in
                         management strategy, we have                                                          the second half of FY25.
                         attempted to achieve a settlement         During FY25, my predecessor as
                         on reasonable terms with the              Chair, Sally Pitkin retired from the        Our strategy remains focused on




For personal use only
                         former employees but are yet to           Board after 14 years as a Director,         organic growth, expanding market
                         reach an agreement. The Company           in line with plans initially flagged        share, and deepening customer
                         is committed to keeping the market        with shareholders in 2022. Sally’s          engagement through personalised
                         updated as appropriate on this issue.     contribution to the Group, including        offers and enhanced loyalty
                                                                   seven years as Chair, was significant,      programs. This is supported by
                         Capital management                        guiding the business through a              new store formats and continued
                                                                   period of growth and organisation-          innovation.
                         The Board remains conscious of the        wide transformation. The Board
                         need to maintain disciplined capital      appreciates Sally’s significant             While the retail outlook remains
                         allocation to support growth, the         contribution and leadership, and            uncertain, the Board is optimistic
                         Company’s financial position and          we wish her well in her future              about the Group’s future over the
                         returns for shareholders.                 endeavours.                                 medium and long term.
                         In recognition of the Group’s robust      As Chair, I am humbled and excited          With trusted brands in attractive
                         performance and resilient balance         by the opportunity to build on              and engaging categories, a growing
                         sheet, the Board determined to            the leadership and governance               loyalty member base, a resilient
                         pay a fully franked final ordinary
                                                                   demonstrated by the Board during            omni-retail model, capable leaders,
                         dividend of 34 cents a share in
                                                                   the past two decades as a public            and dedicated team members,
                         FY25, which is towards the upper
                                                                   company and determined to lead              Super Retail Group continues to
                         end of our dividend payout policy.
                                                                   the Board through its next phase            offer a compelling proposition for
                         In addition to the final ordinary
                                                                   of growth.                                  shareholders.
                         dividend, shareholders will receive
                         a fully franked special dividend of
                         30 cents a share. Together with           The Board also welcomed Colin               FY25 tested the business but also
                         the interim ordinary dividend of          Storrie and Kate Burleigh as                reinforced the strength of our
                         32 cents a share, shareholders will       Independent Non-Executive Directors         model and the appeal of our four
                         receive aggregate dividend payments       during FY25. Colin, who is chairing         core brands. The investments we
                         of 96 cents a share for FY25. The         the Board Audit Committee, has              are making – in store expansion,
                         Board’s determination reflects            experience from executive and               loyalty, digital capabilities, and our
                         our confidence in the Company’s           board roles in the retail, financial        people – are laying the foundation
                         financial health and our commitment       services, aviation, travel, logistics and   for sustainable long-term growth and
                         to providing strong returns.              technology sectors. Kate has more           shareholder value.
                                                                   than 25 years’ experience in board
                         Despite the challenges for our            and executive leadership roles across       Thank you to our customers, our
                         business, we were pleased to deliver      the technology, telecommunications,         team members and our shareholders
                         double-digit total shareholder            retail and consumer lifestyle sectors.      for your ongoing support.
                         returns during the year, an outcome
                         that compares favourably to many of       I take this opportunity to thank the
                         our domestic retail peers.                Directors for their sound advice
                                                                   and counsel since my appointment
                         Governance                                as Chair. On behalf of the Board,
                                                                   I also acknowledge the important
                         As Chair, I firmly believe strong         contribution of Anthony and his
                         governance is fundamental to our          leadership team in helping to grow
                         ability to deliver on our strategic and   and guide the business in challenging       Judith Swales
                         sustainability goals.                     market conditions.                          Chair
                        5                                                                 SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25




                                                                            CEO’s
                                                                            message




For personal use only
                            Dear Shareholders
                            I am pleased to report your              Our Group gross margin declined        a decline of 3.9 per cent due to
                            Company successfully navigated           by 50 basis points to 45.6 per         the combination of a lower gross
                            a complex and challenging retail         cent, primarily driven by strategic    margin and an increase in finance
                            landscape in 2025, delivering a          investments in our rebel Active        costs as a percentage of sales.
                            solid financial performance while        loyalty program and the impact of
                            investing for future growth.             elevated stock loss.                   Similarly, our Normalised Net
                                                                                                            Profit After Tax declined by 4
                            We actively shaped the business          We were pleased with Supercheap        per cent to $232 million and our
                            to be stronger, more efficient and       Auto’s improved performance            Statutory Net Profit was $222
                            responsive to our customers as           in the second half, marked by a        million down 7.6 per cent. While
                            we adapted to evolving market            recovery in sales momentum.            these figures represent a slight
                            conditions and laid foundations          Disciplined promotional activity       decline, they are a strong outcome
                            for our continued success.               contributed to a gross margin          given the macroeconomic
                                                                     improvement over the full year.        headwinds we faced during the
                            Our 2025 performance                     This demonstrates our ability          year and our investments in future
                            underscored the strength of our          to make targeted adjustments           growth.
                            portfolio of brands, the enduring        within our brands to optimise
                            power of our omni-retail strategy        performance.                           The Group maintained a strong
                            and the unwavering commitment                                                   balance sheet, ensuring we
                            of our 16,000 team members to            Managing inflationary pressures        are well-positioned for future
                            our loyal customers.                     has been a key challenge in 2025,      opportunities.
                                                                     with our Normalised Cost of Doing
                            A year of strategic                      Business (CODB) increasing by 4.5      Our team: the heart of
                            execution and financial                  per cent due in part to rising costs   our success
                            resilience                               from wages, rents, and energy.
                                                                                                            Our team is at the core of the
                            Financially, we delivered another        An important element of the            business, and I am exceptionally
                            record top-line performance with         higher CODB was the ongoing            proud of their dedication to our
                            Group sales rising 4.5 per cent to       investment in our network, which       brands and commitment to the
                            $4.1 billion. This result reflects the   we are confident will benefit          success of the Group. Our leaders
                            loyalty of our customers to our          our performance in the years to        constantly hear feedback about
                            market-leading brands and the            come. These strategic investments      our team members going above
                            effective execution of our business      in our stores and infrastructure       and beyond to meet the needs of
                            strategy.                                will generate a longer-term            our customers.
                                                                     performance dividend for the
                            Our like-for-like sales increased        Group.                                 This year, we continued to build
                            by 2.6 per cent, driven by the                                                  a safe and inclusive workplace
                            exceptional results from BCF and a       Our Normalised Profit Before Tax       with our Total Recordable
                            robust contribution from rebel.          for the year was $329 million,         Injury Frequency Rate (TRIFR)
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                              6




For personal use only
                            falling to 12.1 — a 17 per cent     a total average remuneration          dedication to creating a diverse
                            improvement against the FY24        gender pay gap of 3.2 per cent.       and representative leadership
                            result of 14.5. This result is a    This is a strong result that is       team.
                            direct outcome of our targeted      significantly lower than the
                            manual handling initiatives         national gender pay gap of            We are also actively advancing
                            and our strengthened early          21.8 per cent and the retail          reconciliation after completing
                            intervention practices, which are                                         the first year of our Reflect
                                                                industry mid-point average total
                            designed to minimise physical                                             Reconciliation Action Plan. This
                                                                gender pay gap of 10.6 per cent,
                            strain and ensure our team can                                            initiative is a crucial step in
                                                                underscoring our commitment to
                            work safely and effectively.                                              our journey to build respectful
                                                                fair and equitable remuneration.
                                                                                                      relationships and create a more
                            Our commitment to our team                                                inclusive environment for First
                            extends beyond physical safety to   We have made solid progress
                                                                in leadership diversity, with         Nations people. We also continue
                            their wellbeing and engagement.
                                                                                                      to invest heavily in talent,
                            I am pleased to report that         the representation of women
                                                                                                      leadership and learning programs
                            our engagement scores in            in senior leadership positions
                                                                                                      to ensure our team members have
                            our biannual team member            increasing to 41 per cent from 37
                                                                                                      the skills and opportunities to
                            surveys remained steady at a        per cent previously. Our Board
                                                                                                      grow with the Company.
                            high of 81, two points above        and executive leadership gender
                            the global industry benchmark.      diversity also remained strong and
                            High engagement is a powerful                                             A customer-centric,
                                                                consistent with FY24 at 50 per
                            indicator of our positive culture   cent and 33 per cent respectively.    omni-retail business
                            and the passion our team
                            members bring to their work                                               Our focus on the customer is the
                                                                Strategic investments in our
                            every day.                                                                driving force behind our success.
                                                                people systems over the next few
                                                                years will provide reporting on the
                            We are also making significant                                            We were pleased to have achieved
                            progress in our commitment to       ‘any gender’ component of our         a record Net Promoter Score of 71
                            gender equality and diversity.      gender equity goal of 40:40:20        in 2025, with all four brands
                            The Workplace Gender Equality       in Board, executive and senior
                            Agency (WGEA) published its         leadership positions. We have
                                                                                                      Image: BCF is a Premier Sponsor of the
                            gender pay gaps for the second      updated this goal with a new          Brisbane Broncos NRL team and an Official
                            time and the Group recorded         target date of 2028 to reflect our    Sponsor of the Brisbane Broncos NRLW team.
                        7                                                               SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25




                            showing an increase on the prior       0.3 per cent. The brand’s category      based tourism. Total sales were up
                            year. This reflects our relentless     growth is underpinned by strong         3.8 per cent to $231 million, with
                            pursuit of customer satisfaction       demand for domestic road travel,        like-for-like growth of 2 per cent.
                            and our ability to deliver a           a rising vehicle fleet age, and the
                            seamless and engaging experience       increasing popularity of SUVs and       We opened ten new Macpac
                            both in-store and online.              4WDs.                                   stores this year, expanding our
                                                                                                           presence to 103 stores and driving
                            A highlight of the year was the        With eleven new stores opened           brand awareness in Australia, with
                            continued growth of our active         during the year, the network now        the full benefits of this network
                            club membership base, which            stands at 352. The new ‘Spend &         growth expected to materialise in
                            grew by 1 million members —            Get’ loyalty program is aimed at        FY26 and beyond.
                            a 9 per cent increase — to reach       further leveraging our active club
                            12.5 million. These highly engaged     member base of more than 4.9            Our commitment to
                            members now represent 79 per           million customers, who represent        sustainability
                            cent of our Group sales, the           72 per cent of total sales.
                            highest proportion ever.                                                       Our 2030 Sustainability




For personal use only
                                                                   rebel: rebel’s strong market            Framework continues to
                            We have capitalised on this            position is supported by its            serve as the cornerstone for
                            loyal customer base through            national footprint, innovative          our environmental and social
                            enhanced loyalty offers and more       store formats, and strong brand         performance.
                            personalised communication.            partnerships. Total sales were up
                            The rebel Active loyalty program       4.8 per cent to $1.4 billion, with      We are pleased to report
                            completed its first full year and      like-for-like growth of 3.5 per cent.   meaningful progress against
                            is tracking well. On 1 July 2025,                                              our sustainability scorecard for
                                                                   We continue to invest in rolling        the year. Notable achievements
                            Supercheap Auto launched
                                                                   out our successful rCX format           include waste diverted from
                            the new ‘Spend & Get’ loyalty
                                                                   throughout the rebel fleet, giving      landfill, which increased to 65.9
                            program, which is already showing
                                                                   customers access to extended            per cent, up from 62.3 per cent in
                            promising signs.
                                                                   ranges and exclusive products.          FY24, exceeding our FY25 target of
                                                                   The brand’s active club members         64 per cent.
                            Our omni-retail strategy is
                                                                   grew by 6 per cent to 4.1 million,
                            continuing to deliver for the
                                                                   representing 81 per cent of total       We continue to make steady
                            Group. Online sales reached $524
                                                                   sales.                                  progress toward our 2030 net zero
                            million, an 8 per cent increase on
                                                                                                           emissions (Scope 1 and 2) target,
                            the prior year, and now account
                                                                   BCF: BCF delivered a standout           with our emissions increasing
                            for 13 per cent of total Group
                                                                   performance with total sales up         by only 1.2 per cent despite a
                            sales. The high engagement
                                                                   7.9 per cent to $951 million and        seven per cent increase in floor
                            with our Click & Collect service,      like-for-like growth of 5.4 per         space. This reflects the impact
                            at 45 per cent, is particularly        cent. The brand is well positioned      of emission reduction initiatives
                            noteworthy. It means that 93           to benefit from the growing             outlined in our decarbonisation
                            per cent of our total sales are        outdoor leisure category and the        roadmap including energy
                            completed in-store, demonstrating      rising participation in camping,        efficiency upgrades in our stores.
                            the critical role our physical store   caravanning and off-roading.            The installation of 1.55MWp of
                            network plays in our integrated                                                solar on our new distribution
                            customer experience.                   We have now opened five large-          centre in Truganina, further
                                                                   format superstores, expanding           demonstrates our commitment to
                            Brand-specific highlights              our network and our offering to         reducing our carbon footprint.
                                                                   customers. Active club members
                            Our store network is fundamental       grew by 9 per cent to 2.7 million,      Our climate work program is
                            to our performance and growth.         accounting for 91 per cent of           ongoing and progressing well,
                            This year we opened 31 new             total sales.                            with key initiatives including
                            stores, closing eight, bringing our                                            establishing an Australian
                            total network to 782.                  Macpac: Macpac continues to             Sustainability Reporting
                                                                   operate in the growing outdoor          Standards (ASRS) working
                            Supercheap Auto: Supercheap            adventure category, benefiting          group, commencing a supply
                            Auto delivered total sales up          from tailwinds such as increased        chain climate risk assessment
                            2.1 per cent to $1.5 billion,          international travel and the rising     and enhancing Scope 3 data
                            with like-for-like growth of           popularity of hiking and nature-        measurement.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                      8




For personal use only
                          Challenges do remain however.         stated objectives. In FY26 we         In closing, I want to extend
                          Sustainable packaging and             are updating this strategy to         my sincere gratitude to our
                          responsible sourcing are              ensure we have a well developed       shareholders for their continued
                          multifaceted issues, and progress     assessment of the opportunities       support and trust. I am incredibly
                          can be impacted by external           for where we can play, how we         grateful to our talented and
                          factors such as regulation,           will win, and what capabilities       dedicated team members — the
                          material availability as well as      we will require as we continue to     secret sauce underpinning our
                          data and technological limitations.   pursue growth and ongoing value       success. And to our millions of
                          We will continue our work in          creation for our shareholders.        loyal customers, thank you for
                          this space.                                                                 choosing our brands.
                                                                In FY26, we will continue to
                          Looking ahead, our 2030               invest in our store network to        I am confident in our strategy,
                          Sustainability Framework will         increase our market share and         our team and our ability to
                          remain the foundation of our          strategic initiatives to strengthen   navigate the road ahead. We are
                          sustainable business practices.       our business, targeting a capital     well prepared for opportunities
                          In recognition of the evolving        expenditure spend of $155             and challenges ahead and I
                          external landscape, we initiated      million.                              look forward to another year of
                          a comprehensive review of the                                               progress and growth.
                          framework this year, incorporating    While macroeconomic
                          a double materiality assessment.      conditions are showing signs
                          We look forward to sharing the        of improvement, the outlook
                          outcomes in next year’s report.       for consumer spending in
                                                                FY26 remains uncertain. We
                          Looking ahead: strategy               anticipate that consumers will
                          and outlook                           continue to prioritise value-
                                                                for-money purchases. Our
                          We are approaching the end of         brands are exceptionally well
                          our current five-year strategy,       positioned to meet this need,
                          first articulated in late 2019, and   offering customers a compelling
                                                                combination of quality, value,        Anthony Heraghty
                          are pleased with the progress                                               Group Managing Director and
                          we have made towards our              and expert service across our
                                                                omni-retail channels.                 Chief Executive Officer
                        9                                                                  SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25



                        About                      Super Retail Group Limited (ASX:SUL) is the proud owner of four iconic brands: Supercheap Auto,
                                                   rebel, BCF and Macpac, and is one of Australia and New Zealand’s largest retailers.

                        us                         Our powerful brands have leading positions in growing high-involvement lifestyle categories of
                                                   auto, sports, and outdoor leisure. We provide our customers and highly engaged 12.5 million
                                                   active club members with the option to experience our brands whenever and however they
                                                   choose – whether that’s through our network of 782 stores or via Click & Collect or home delivery.




For personal use only
                            Supercheap Auto is Australia    rebel is Australia’s leading     BCF is a leading outdoor        Macpac is New Zealand’s
                            and New Zealand’s favourite     sporting goods retailer with     retailer with 165 stores        original, technical outdoor
                            specialty automotive parts      162 stores across Australia.     across Australia. With expert   brand, delivering quality gear,
                            and accessories retail          Through rich digital and in-     knowledge and service,          made responsibly, and trusted
                            business. With 352 stores,      store experiences, customers     we provide everything           to last in any environment.
                            we provide a wide range         from all walks of life can       you need for your next          Tested and proven in the
                            of service parts, tools and     harness the transformative       boating, camping, or fishing    ultimate outdoor test lab –
                            accessories, as well as         power of sport. With a broad     adventure, all under the one    New Zealand – our gear is
                            products for the garage,        range of quality product         roof.                           designed to equip outdoor
                            travel, touring and outdoors.   and expert knowledge, we                                         enthusiasts to adventure
                                                            transform lives through the                                      better. Launched in 1973,
                                                            power of sport.                                                  Macpac has over 100 stores
                                                                                                                             across Australia and New
                                                                                                                             Zealand and is committed to
                                                                                                                             delivering a great customer
                                                                                                                             experience with expert
                                                                                                                             advice.




                               Team members                            Stores

                               15,981                                  782
                               Support offices                         Distribution centres                    Countries of operation


                               4                                       7                                       3
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                10



                        Our vision, mission and values




For personal use only
                        Our reporting suite

                        Our Annual Report is part of our broader reporting suite. You can find this report and other publications on our website.
                        Note that some of our reports are published on our website later in the year, including our Modern Slavery Statement.

                              To view and download these documents, visit
                              https://www.superretailgroup.com.au/investors-and-media/reports-and-publications/




                        2025 Annual              2025 Responsible              2025 Corporate            2024 Modern                  Reflect
                        Report                   Business Report               Governance                Slavery Statement            Reconciliation
                                                                               Statement                                              Action Plan

                        Digital and print        Digital only                  Digital only              Digital only                 Digital only


                        Super Retail Group is committed to establishing and maintaining corporate governance standards that protect and enhance
                        the sustainable performance of the Group, taking into account the interests of our stakeholders, as well as the communities
                        and environments in which we operate.

                        Our FY25 Corporate Governance Statement discloses how we have complied with the ASX Corporate Governance Council’s
                        Corporate Governance Principles and Recommendations (4th edition) for the reporting period. This statement has been
                        lodged with ASX and is available in the Corporate Governance section of our website.

                              To view and download our FY25 Corporate Governance Statement, visit
                              https://www.superretailgroup.com.au/investors-and-media/corporate-governance/
                        11                                                SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25




                        Our
                        strategy




For personal use only
                                                                Growing
                                                                 annual
                                                                customer
                                                                  value

                                                                                           Ensuring
                                PRIMARY                                                     organic
                                 VALUE                                                    growth and
                                 LEVERS                                                     capital
                                                                                           discipline

                                                             Being an
                                                              efficient
                                                            omni-retailer




                             The Group shared its corporate strategy at an investor day in November 2019 and
                             provided a progress update in May 2023.

                                  To view and download the latest corporate strategy presentation, visit
                                  https://www.superretailgroup.com.au/investors-and-media/reports-and-publications/
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                         12



                                               Five strategic drivers


                                              1
                                                     GROW THE FOUR                        Progress to date1:
                                                                                          • Opened 125 new stores
                                                     CORE BRANDS                          • Completed over 300 store refurbishments
                                                     Focus on four core brands,           • Successfully introduced multiple new store formats:
                                                                                             ― rebel rCX stores
                                                     key categories and                      ― Supercheap Auto next generation
                                                     leveraging scale.                       ― BCF superstores, small formats and in-store tackle store initiatives
                                                                                             ― Macpac Adventurer and Explorer stores
                                                                                          • BCF and rebel expansion into regional areas
                                                                                          • Integrated Macpac product into BCF and rebel brand portfolios
                                                                                          • Solidified relationships with global trade partners providing
                                                                                            exclusive brands and exclusive ranges for our customers




                                              2
                                                     LEVERAGE CLOSENESS TO                Progress to date1:
                                                                                          • Grown active club membership to 12.5m members
                                                     OUR CUSTOMER                         • Grown club member sales faster than total sales




For personal use only
                                                     Building a personalised              • rebel loyalty launched Oct 2023, is performing to expectation
                                                                                          • Finalised Supercheap Auto’s new loyalty program; launched 1 July 2025
                                                     relationship with our                • Fully embedded personalisation capability in BCF, Supercheap Auto
                                                     customers, capitalising on             and rebel
                                                                                          • Completed customer value propositions for all brands
                                                     data and insights.                   • Established data science unit, that supports loyalty, personalisation and
                                                                                            other models to support customer understanding
                                                                                          • Established a critical capability in utilising analytical insights to support
                                                                                            pricing and promotional execution




                                              3
                                                     CONNECTED OMNI-RETAIL                Progress to date1:
                                                                                          • Continuously enhanced our proactive safety approach
                                                     SUPPLY CHAIN                         • Online NPS now over 70 from low 50s in 2019
                                                     Continuing to build a                • Consolidated distribution centres
                                                                                          • Implemented a new warehouse management system
                                                     fit-for-purpose integrated           • New distribution centre opened and operating in Truganina, Victoria
                                                     supply chain.                        • Established order management system to orchestrate online orders
                                                                                            and improve customer experience
                                                                                          • Opened online high fulfilment stores reducing split orders and
                                                                                            improving on-time delivery
                                                                                          • Implemented international freight system with new partners




                                              4
                                                     SIMPLIFY THE BUSINESS       Progress to date1:
                                                                                 • Implemented workforce planning solution to underpin right rostering
                                                     Becoming a more efficient     and enable optimisation of our workforce
                                                     and effective omni-retailer • Re-platformed gift cards
                                                     through optimising          • Fully migrated IT services to public cloud
                                                                                 • Commenced whole-of-business process mapping to ensure
                                                     overhead and focusing on      standardisation and efficiency
                                                     customer-facing investment. • Closed or exited non-core businesses (Rays, Infinite Retail, Goldcross
                                                                                            Cycles, Autoguru, Autocrew)
                                                                                          • Centralised operating capability in marketing, loyalty, planning, digital
                                                                                            and technology




                                              5
                                                     EXCEL IN OMNI-RETAIL                 Progress to date1:
                                                                                          • Continued improvement in NPS
                                                     Enhancing our customer               • Leveraged our store network to grow Click & Collect sales faster than
                                                     experience through all                 home delivery
                                                                                          • Elevated the look and feel of our brand websites
                                                     touchpoints along the                • Utilised AI to provide online product recommendations
                                                     customer journey.                    • Developed team expertise both in-store and online through training
                                                                                            and education




                                                                                            (1) Progress to date is since the Group announced its corporate strategy
                                                                                                in November 2019.
                        13                                                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25




For personal use only
                        Review of operations
                        and performance
                         Overview
                         Super Retail Group delivered another     The Group continued to leverage its      cent of online sales), meaning 93 per
                         year of record sales in FY25, up 4.5     closeness to customers, with the total   cent of total sales are completed in
                         per cent to $4.1 billion, reflecting     loyalty club membership increasing       store.
                         continued execution of the Group         by 1 million active members, or 9 per
                                                                  cent, to 12.5 million active members     The Group gross margin declined
                         strategy.
                                                                  at the end of the period. These          by 50 bps during the period to
                         Sales momentum improved through          customers represent 79 per cent of       45.6 per cent. The decline was
                         the year, driven by 2.6 per cent         Group sales (FY24: 77 per cent). The     mainly attributable to rebel, where
                         like-for-like growth, and a 1.9 per      rebel Active loyalty program cycled      the implementation of the loyalty
                         cent contribution from the ongoing       its first full year in market, with a    program and an elevated level of
                         investment in the store network          positive response from customers         stock loss resulted in a larger gross
                         program.                                 and trade partners, and program          margin decline for the brand. Our
                                                                  metrics are tracking well towards its    brands remained disciplined amidst
                         Like-for-like growth across the
                                                                  business case objectives. Supercheap     elevated promotional intensity
                         portfolio was mixed, with a solid
                                                                  Auto announced the launch of the         throughout the period, most notably
                         result from rebel and strong growth
                                                                  new ‘Spend & Get’ loyalty program        in the auto category, with Supercheap
                         from BCF offset by softer trading
                                                                  late in the period which commenced       Auto realising an improvement in
                         conditions in Supercheap Auto
                                                                  1 July, 2025.                            gross margin over the full year.
                         and Macpac. Consumer demand
                         was variable throughout the year,        Our team members remain                  Normalised cost of doing business
                         despite the initial easing of interest   passionate about customer service        (CODB) as a percentage of sales
                         rates during the second half. In New     and this year the Group was pleased      increased by 4.5 per cent during
                         Zealand, like-for-like sales declined    to achieve another record customer       the period, as ongoing inflationary
                         due to persistent weak trading           net promoter score of 71. All four       pressures on wages, rent and
                         conditions, although possible signs      brands improved their customer           electricity combined with increased
                         of improvement emerged in the final      engagement scores compared with          investment in our store network –
                         quarter.                                 the previous period.                     returns from which are expected
                                                                                                           to benefit FY26 and beyond. This
                         Total growth was supported by the        The Group continues to invest in         increase was in-line with total sales
                         expansion of the store network as        improving the online sales experience    growth, resulting in CODB as a
                         the Group continued to invest in new     for our customers (including Click       percentage of sales in-line with the
                         store openings, format upgrades and      & Collect capability), helping to        prior year.
                         store refurbishments across each of      deliver $524 million in online sales
                         our brands. The Group opened 31          during FY25, 8 per cent higher           Normalised profit before tax (PBT)
                         new stores, as well as two new BCF       than the previous period, and now        declined by 3.9 per cent to $329
                         superstore conversions in Hervey Bay     representing 13 per cent of total        million. The PBT margin declined
                         and Cannington and the re-opening        Group sales. Click & Collect continues
                         of our flagship rebel rCX store at       to form a significant part of the        Image: Aerial view of the Group’s new
                         Bondi Junction late in the period.       Group’s online transactions (45 per      distribution centre in Truganina, Victoria.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                               14




                         Stores                                   In-store                              Online Click & Collect                Online Home delivery
                                                                  % of total sales                      % of total sales                      % of total sales


                         782                                      87%                                   6%                                    7%
                          Sales ($m)                                                Normalised profit                               Active club members
                                                                                    before tax (PBT)                                (m)


                          $4,070m                                                   $329m                                           12.5m




For personal use only
                          FY25        $4,070m                                       FY25    $329m                                   FY25     12.5m
                          FY241       $3,894m                                       FY24    $343m                                   FY24     11.5m
                          FY23        $3,803m                                       FY23    $391m                                   FY23     10.3m
                          FY222       $3,551m                                       FY222   $350m                                   FY222    9.2m
                          FY21        $3,453m                                       FY21    $436m                                   FY21     8.0m




                          Online sales ($m)                                         Normalised                                      Active club members
                                                                                    PBT margin (%)                                  % of total sales


                          $524m                                                     8.1%                                            79%
                          FY25        $524m                                         FY25    8.1%                                    FY25    79%
                          FY24        $485m                                         FY241   8.8%                                    FY24    77%
                          FY23        $445m                                         FY23    10.3%                                   FY23    73%
                          FY222       $601m                                         FY222   9.8%                                    FY222   70%
                          FY21        $416m                                         FY21    12.6%                                   FY21    63%

                          (1)
                                FY24 revenue has been updated due to a reclassification in the current year to include revenue from freight recovery
                          (2)
                                FY22 was a 53-week period



                          Group results

                            $m                                                                                                   FY25             FY24    Change
                                                                                                                                  $m               $m
                            Revenue (1)                                                                                       4,070.1          3,893.7      4.5%
                            Statutory profit for the period after tax                                                           221.8             240.1    (7.6%)
                            Segment earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT)                                                   399.7             400.4    (0.2%)
                            % to sales                                                                                           9.8%             10.3%
                            Segment normalised profit before taxes (PBT)                                                        329.4             342.6    (3.9%)
                            % to sales                                                                                           8.1%              8.8%
                            Normalised net profit after tax (NPAT)                                                              232.4             242.1    (4.0%)
                            Operating cash flow                                                                                 577.3             635.1    (9.1%)
                            Earnings per share (EPS) – basic (cents)                                                             98.2             106.3    (7.6%)
                            Dividends per share (cents)                                                                          96.0             119.0   (19.3%)
                        15                                                             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25




                        70 bps to 8.1 per cent, driven by the     the end of the period, and is on track      of 32 cents per share, this represents
                        lower gross margin and an increase        for a progressive opening throughout        aggregate annual FY25 dividends to
                        in finance costs as a percentage of       FY26. The facility at Truganina             shareholders of 96 cents per share.
                        sales.                                    will replace the Group’s existing
                                                                                                              The final dividend and the special
                                                                  distribution centres at Altona and
                        Normalised net profit after tax                                                       dividend will be paid on 16 October
                                                                  Marshall Court.
                        declined by 4.0 per cent to $232                                                      2025. These dividends have not been
                        million or 102.9 cents per share.         The Group distributed $269 million          provided for in the consolidated
                                                                  of dividends to shareholders during         financial statements and will be
                        The statutory net profit result of $222   the period, representing the final          recognised in the FY26 financial
                        million was 7.6 per cent below the        dividend from FY24 of $84 million,          statements.
                        previous period, which translated         the FY25 interim dividend of $72
                        into statutory earnings per share of      million, and the special dividend for       The amount of the final dividend,
                        98.2 cents.                               FY24 of $113 million. All dividends         together with the interim dividend,
                                                                                                              represents an ordinary dividend
                        Group costs                               were fully franked.
                                                                                                              payout ratio of 64 per cent of the full
                        Group and Unallocated costs of $40        Balance sheet                               year underlying NPAT.
                        million increased by approximately
                                                                  Total inventory of $887 million was         The Group is continuing to target a




For personal use only
                        $4 million compared with FY24, and
                                                                  $41 million higher compared with the        long-term bank debt gearing position
                        included approximately $10 million of
                                                                  previous period, reflecting a 3 per         of between zero and 0.5 times net
                        project and duplicate costs associated
                                                                  cent increase in the store network          debt / EBITDA position (pre AASB-16).
                        with the implementation of the new
                                                                  (a net 23 new stores) and a 1.8 per
                        distribution centre at Truganina in
                                                                  cent increase in inventory per store        Outlook
                        Victoria.
                                                                  – part of which can be attributed to        Whilst macro-economic conditions
                        Cash flow                                 cost of goods inflation, and part due       appear to be improving, the outlook
                                                                  to strategic investments by BCF and         for consumer spending in FY26
                        Operating cash flow of $577 million
                        was $58 million below the previous        rebel to improve stock availability in      remains uncertain.
                        period, reflecting a $39 million          store. Inventory levels at Macpac rose
                                                                  due to below expectation sales in the       Inflation appears on track to return
                        outflow of working capital compared                                                   to a level within the RBA target
                        to a $33 million inflow of working        second half. Inventory per store at
                                                                  Supercheap Auto declined. Overall           range, interest rates have eased, and
                        capital in the prior year. The $72                                                    income tax cuts have complemented
                        million differential is attributable to   inventory quality remains high, with
                                                                  aged inventory levels below target.         ongoing wage growth. Employment
                        one less payment cycle taking place                                                   levels remain solid.
                        in the prior year (i.e. 12 payment        The Group finished the year with
                        cycles in FY25 compared to 11 cycles      a net cash position of $63 million          That said, many of these tailwinds
                        in FY24).                                 compared with $218 million in FY24,         appear to have been directed
                                                                  with no drawn bank debt at period           towards restoring household savings
                        Operating cash conversion of 95                                                       rates. While we see potential for an
                        per cent remained strong, albeit          end.
                                                                                                              improved consumer environment in
                        below the 104 per cent from the           Debt management and financing               the near term, there may be a lag.
                        prior year due to the working capital
                        differential.                             The Group has a $500 million bank           We expect consumers to continue to
                                                                  debt funding facility, which was            manage their spending carefully and
                        Capital expenditure in the store          undrawn at the end of the period.
                        network comprised $84 million and                                                     prioritise value-for-money purchases.
                                                                  The combination of the Group’s net
                        included the ongoing store growth,        cash position and committed debt            The Group remains focused on our
                        as well as refurbishment of the           facilities provides substantial liquidity   strategy for long-term value creation
                        Supercheap Auto network to the next       capacity for the Group.                     through organic growth; increasing
                        generation format, and investment in                                                  the market share of our four core
                        rebel rCX stores and BCF superstores,     Capital management and                      brands by investing in new stores
                        which are expected to be important        dividends                                   and alternative store formats; and
                        drivers of future growth.                 Having regard to the Group’s strong         through leveraging our 12.5 million-
                        Other capital expenditure of $81          balance sheet position, in addition         strong active club membership base
                        million included investments in           to payment of a final dividend this         with enhanced loyalty offers and
                        omni-retailing capabilities, data,        year the Board again considered it          more personalised communication
                        cyber, networking, core information       appropriate to reward shareholders          with our customers.
                        systems, and loyalty. It also included    by way of a special dividend. The
                        approximately $46 million of capital      Board has determined to pay a fully
                        expenditure on the construction of        franked final dividend of 34 cents
                        a new semi-automated distribution         per share and a fully franked special
                        centre at Truganina in Victoria, which    dividend of 30 cents per share.
                        became partially operational toward       Together with the interim dividend
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                                                 16



                         Normalised net profit after tax                                                                                                         2025                             2024
                                                                                                                                                                  $m                               $m
                         Statutory profit for the period after tax                                                                                              221.8                            240.1
                         - Execution costs for team member wage remediation, after tax                                                                              2.7                             2.0
                         - Legal, professional fees and expenses related to regulatory and
                           litigation matters, after tax                                                                                                            7.9                                -
                         Total of items not included in total segment NPAT                                                                                        10.6                              2.0
                         Normalised net profit after tax            (1)
                                                                                                                                                                232.4                            242.1
                        (1) Normalised Profit is disclosed to provide stakeholders with a consistent basis for comparing performance across periods. This disclosure assists investors in understanding the
                            financial condition and performance of the Company by excluding items that are not reflective of ongoing operations.


                         Cash flow                                                                                                                               2025                            2024
                                                                                                                                                                  $m                              $m
                         Net cash inflow from operations                                                                                                        577.3                            635.1
                         Net cash (outflow) from investing                                                                                                    (165.4)                          (134.9)




For personal use only
                         Net cash (outflow) from financing                                                                                                    (566.3)                          (474.8)
                         Net (decrease) / increase in cash                                                                                                    (154.4)                             25.4


                         Cash at the beginning of the period                                                                                                    217.5                            192.3
                         Effects of exchange rates on cash                                                                                                          0.2                           (0.2)
                         Cash at the end of the period                                                                                                            63.3                           217.5




                         Balance sheet                                                                                                                           2025                            2024
                                                                                                                                                                  $m                              $m
                         - Trade and other receivables                                                                                                            51.0                            50.2
                         - Inventories                                                                                                                          886.8                           846.1
                         - Trade and other payables                                                                                                           (585.5)                         (580.6)
                         - Current tax (liabilities)                                                                                                            (17.3)                          (36.9)
                         Total working capital                                                                                                                  335.0                           278.8


                         - Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                              63.3                          217.5
                         - Borrowings                                                                                                                                  -                               -
                         - Lease liabilities                                                                                                               (1,235.8)                        (1,103.4)
                         Net debt                                                                                                                          (1,172.5)                          (885.9)


                         - Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                        356.6                           298.7
                         - Right-of-use assets                                                                                                               1,109.8                            986.6
                         - Intangible assets                                                                                                                    838.2                           846.4
                         - Derivatives                                                                                                                           (3.2)                              0.2
                         - Provisions                                                                                                                         (166.0)                         (159.0)
                         - Deferred taxes                                                                                                                         23.5                              7.4
                         Net assets                                                                                                                         1,321.4                          1,373.2



                         Dividends paid during FY25                                                                       Cents per share                Total amount                Payment date
                                                                                                                                                                  $m
                         FY24 final dividend (fully franked)                                                                             37.0                        83.6        17 October 2024
                         FY24 special dividend (fully franked)                                                                           50.0                       112.9        17 October 2024
                         FY25 interim dividend (fully franked)                                                                           32.0                        72.3             15 April 2025
                        17                                                             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25




For personal use only
                        Supercheap Auto
                        performance
                         Our business
                         Supercheap Auto is the largest             throughout the year, particularly in     for 81 per cent of online sales, an
                         specialty automotive parts and             the first half. In this environment,     increase from 78 per cent in the
                         accessories retailer in Australia          the Group maintained promotional         prior year.
                         and New Zealand, operating in the          discipline, focusing on protecting
                                                                                                             Stores and store network
                         expanding auto category. It offers an      profitability and growing gross
                         extensive range of products spanning       profit dollars.                          Supercheap Auto’s refurbishment
                         automotive, tools, travel, touring,                                                 and new store program is progressing
                                                                    Automotive maintenance categories        well. Eleven new stores were opened
                         outdoor, garage and shed essentials.
                                                                    were key growth drivers — with           in FY25, resulting in 352 stores at the
                         The brand also provides a range            strong performance in 12V power          end of the period.
                         of fitment and support services,           and car batteries, supported by solid
                         including wiper blade, bulb, and           momentum in wiper blades and             The business is focused on delivering
                         battery installation, as well as battery   serviceable parts.                       newer and larger format stores
                         and oil recycling, paint mixing and                                                 featuring expanded floorspace for
                                                                    By region, New Zealand                   high-growth categories such as tools
                         vehicle diagnostics.
                                                                    underperformed, with like-for-           and 4WD; dedicated service zones for
                         Founded in 1972, Supercheap Auto           like sales down 2.7 per cent,            “do it for me” fitment; enhanced Click
                         now operates 352 stores across             whilst Australia grew 0.7 per cent.      & Collect visibility; and improved
                         Australia and New Zealand.                 Both regions saw improved sales          signage and lighting.
                                                                    momentum in the second half.
                         Category growth is underpinned by                                                   Updated branding and store design
                         a rising vehicle fleet, the increasing     The full year gross margin improved      in Next Generation stores aims to
                         popularity of SUVs and 4WDs, and           by 30 bps compared to the prior          broaden customer appeal, including
                         strong demand for domestic road            period.                                  attracting new customers to the
                         travel and outdoor adventure.                                                       category. The Group remains pleased
                                                                    Segment profit before tax margin
                         Financial performance                      declined by 60 bps as higher             with the returns being generated
                                                                    operating expenses as a percentage       from the refurbishment program.
                         Total sales increased by 2.1 per
                                                                    of sales offset the improvement in       Supercheap Auto invested a total of
                         cent to $1.5 billion, driven by new
                                                                    gross margin. As a result, Segment       $30 million of capital expenditure in
                         store openings and like-for-like sales
                                                                    PBT of $197 million was 3 per cent       its store network in the period.
                         growth of 0.3 per cent.
                                                                    lower than the previous period.
                         The modest lift in like-for-like sales                                              Customer
                                                                    Online sales
                         was driven by higher average                                                        Supercheap Auto is a category leader
                         transaction values, partially offset       Online sales grew 3 per cent to $125     in the retail auto space, with 89 per
                         by lower transaction volumes.              million and represented 8 per cent of    cent brand awareness in Australia
                         Competitive intensity was elevated         total sales. Click & Collect accounted   and 90 per cent brand awareness in
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                   18




                                                                 In-store                              Online Click & Collect                 Online Home delivery
                                                                 % of total sales                      % of total sales                       % of total sales


                                                                 92%                                   6%                                     2%
                         Stores                                  Average active                        Active club                            Brand
                                                                 club member NPS                       member growth                          awareness


                         352                                     69                                    11%                                    89%          Stellar Market




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                           Research
                                                                                                                                                           Australia FY25




                           Sales ($m)                                               Segment profit before                            Active club members
                                                                                    tax (PBT)                                        (m)


                           $1,532m                                                  $197m                                            4.9m
                          FY25         $1,532m                                     FY25     $197m                                    FY25     4.9m
                          FY241        $1,499m                                     FY24     $203m                                    FY24     4.3m
                          FY23         $1,448m                                     FY23     $204m                                    FY23     3.7m
                          FY222        $1,340m                                     FY222    $176m                                    FY222    3.2m
                          FY21         $1,309m                                     FY21     $192m                                    FY21     2.3m




                          Online sales ($m)                                         Segment PBT margin                               Active club members
                                                                                    (%)                                              % of total sales


                          $125m                                                    12.9%                                             72%
                           FY25        $125m                                        FY25     12.9%                                    FY25    72%
                           FY24        $121m                                        FY241    13.5%                                    FY24    69%
                           FY23        $115m                                        FY23     14.1%                                    FY23    64%
                           FY222       $175m                                        FY222    13.1%                                    FY222   59%
                           FY21        $107m                                        FY21     14.7%                                    FY21    46%


                           (1)
                                 FY24 revenue has been updated due to a reclassification in the current year to include revenue from freight recovery
                           (2)
                                 FY22 was a 53-week period




                          Supercheap Auto

                           $m                                                                                                     FY25              FY24   Change

                           Sales (1)                                                                                           1,531.5          1,499.3      2.1%
                           Segment EBIT                                                                                          218.4            221.8     (1.5%)
                           Segment PBT                                                                                           196.9            202.9     (3.0%)
                           PBT margin                                                                                           12.9%            13.5%     (60bps)
                        19                                                             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25




For personal use only
                        New Zealand. Forty-nine per cent of       Strategy and outlook                     Key opportunities include:
                        customers in Australia and 46 per
                        cent of customers in New Zealand          FY25 was a challenging year for the      •    Expanding core auto categories
                                                                  auto category, marked by heightened           aligned to a growing and ageing
                        recognise Supercheap Auto as their
                        preferred brand in the auto category.     promotional intensity and a more              car parc;
                                                                  cautious consumer environment —
                        The second most preferred major                                                    •    Developing emerging product
                        auto brand in each market scored 12       particularly in New Zealand.
                                                                                                                ranges to support the shift
                        per cent and 24 per cent respectively.    While competition remains elevated,           toward electric vehicles;
                                                                  the promotional environment is
                        The brand has more than 4.9 million                                                •    Extending the core auto
                        active club members in its club loyalty   anticipated to normalise in the
                                                                                                                offer into adjacent and
                        program following the addition of         medium term. In FY25, Supercheap
                                                                                                                complementary categories;
                        600,000 new members in the period.        Auto maintained pricing discipline,
                        These members represent 72 per            particularly in the second half, to      •    Broadening brand appeal to
                        cent of Supercheap Auto’s total sales.    prioritise gross margins and protect          increase addressable market and
                                                                  the long-term profitability of the            attract new customers; and
                        Supercheap Auto achieved a                category.
                        customer NPS of 69 in the period, up                                               •    Capturing rising demand for
                        from 68 in FY24.                          FY26 sales are expected to benefit            “do it for me” fitment services,
                                                                  from eight planned new store                  including bulbs, wipers, and
                        Supercheap Auto ‘Spend & Get’             openings, and a full year’s trading of        batteries.
                        Supercheap Auto’s new loyalty             the new stores opened in FY25.
                        program for its club members called       In response to shifting automotive
                        ‘Spend & Get’ commenced on 1              and demographic trends, Supercheap
                        July 2025. For every $100 spent on        Auto continues to expand its product
                        eligible purchases, members get           and service offering to serve a
                        a $5 credit which can be used in          broader, more diverse customer base,
                        the following 28 days – rewarding         aligned with the evolving car parc in
                        customers every time they shop.           Australia and New Zealand.
                        The program replaces the previous
                        Best Price Credit initiative with an      The business remains focused on
                        updated offer that provides certainty     delivering a seamless omni-channel
                        and immediacy of reward, and is           experience - integrating retail,
                        expected to be a better mechanism         online, and fitment services to meet
                        to drive increased customer visitation    customer needs wherever they             Image: Toolboxes, shelving, and storage to
                        and spend over time.                      choose to shop.                          keep your home, garage or shed organised.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                 20




For personal use only
                        Supercheap Auto and Beyond Blue
                        drive change in mental health
                        Supercheap Auto’s partnership with            partnership commitment, matched           more than 13,574 people access vital
                        Beyond Blue began in 2021. Since              in-store fundraising with an additional   mental health support throughout
                        then, through a store-based charity           $59,942 and donated a further             the partnership.
                        program across the Australian store           $10,000 on behalf of the store
                        network, Supercheap Auto has                  that raised the most funds for            For more than 20 years, Australians
                        helped raise $895,853 for Beyond              Beyond Blue.                              have placed their trust in Beyond
                        Blue’s Support Service. All funds                                                       Blue as a reliable source of mental
                        raised by Supercheap Auto and                 Supercheap Auto uses its extensive        health information, support, and
                        customers go to this service, which           reach to help increase awareness          hope. Beyond Blue’s vision is that all
                        is a free counselling, advice and             of mental health in the community,        people in Australia achieve their best
                        referral service operated by trained          as well as customer and team              possible mental health. Their role
                        counsellors, available to anyone in           fundraising initiatives. Supercheap
                                                                                                                is to work with the community to
                        Australia via telephone 24/7, web             Auto leveraged its national store
                                                                                                                improve mental health and make it
                        chat and email.                               network to raise funds and awareness
                                                                      for mental health, including              easier for people to feel better earlier,
                        In FY25 Supercheap Auto continued             participating in Mental Health Week.      get well and stay well.
                        to support Beyond Blue in helping             During 7-13 October, stores raised        As one of Beyond Blue’s major
                        Australians achieve their best possible       $13,138, contributing to Beyond
                        mental health, elevating its status                                                     partners, Supercheap Auto plays an
                                                                      Blue’s total in-store fundraising         important role in helping to connect
                        to Major Partner. The Supercheap              efforts.
                        Auto team raised $73,087 through                                                        thousands of Australians with mental
                        in-store fundraising contributions            Every dollar donated by the               health support every day. Together,
                        from customers and team members.              Supercheap Auto team and                  Supercheap Auto and Beyond Blue
                        In addition, Supercheap Auto                  customers goes directly towards           have made a meaningful difference in
                        contributed $50,000 as part of its            these life-changing services, helping     the lives of thousands of people.



                        Image: Supercheap Auto Mildura presents a
                        cheque for a further $10,000 to Beyond Blue
                        for raising the most funds in-store.
                        21                                                              SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25




For personal use only
                        rebel
                        performance
                         Our business
                         rebel is Australia’s leading sporting       Growth was broad based, with strong       The rebel rCX format has been
                         goods and apparel retailer, with            contributions from footwear and           progressively rolled out throughout
                         162 stores nationwide. Acquired by          licensed apparel, women’s apparel         the network. These stores showcase
                         Super Retail Group in 2011, rebel has       and fitness tech. Sporting equipment      an expanded range of products
                         established a strong market position        categories returned to growth after       across high-involvement sports,
                         supported by its national footprint,        a period of consolidation post the        with emphasis on the display of
                         innovative store formats, and strong        COVID-19 period.                          products in “must win” running, gym
                         brand partnerships.                                                                   and fitness, football, basketball and
                                                                     Gross margin declined by 110 bps in
                         As a key retail partner for the world’s     FY25 due to the cost of establishing      kids categories. They incorporate
                         top sporting brands — including Nike,       the rebel Active loyalty program in       experience zones — including indoor
                         adidas, Under Armour, Puma, ASICS,          the first half and elevated stock loss    basketball courts and football pitches
                         New Balance, Brooks, and Apple              activity across the full year. Several    — to provide our customers with a
                         — rebel is the go-to destination for        work programs and initiatives have        broader range of merchandise and a
                         premium performance and lifestyle           been implemented to address the           differentiated in-store experience.
                         products. The range continues to            stock loss issue, which has proven a      The format has received support
                         expand through new and emerging             challenge for the business.               from some of the world’s leading
                         brands such as HOKA, On, P.E Nation,
                                                                     Segment profit before tax margin          global sports brands and has enabled
                         Muscle Nation, and frank green.
                                                                     declined by a more modest 50 bps          rebel to gain access to high-end and
                         rebel also offers a growing portfolio
                                                                     to 7.4 per cent, as the decline in        marquee products, to extended
                         of private brands across select
                                                                     gross margin was partially offset by      ranges and to exclusive products.
                         categories, including Ell/Voo, Celsius,
                                                                     a reduction in cost of doing business
                         Tahwalhi and Terrasphere.                                                             The Group recently opened its latest
                                                                     as a percentage of sales. Segment
                         rebel’s aspiration is to inspire all        PBT of $101 million was 1.6 per cent      flagship rCX store on a 2,700 sqm
                         Australians to pursue their sporting        lower than the previous period.           footprint at Bondi Junction in Sydney.
                         dreams and passions. Operating in                                                     The store provides an elevated
                                                                     Online sales                              experience for customers, specifically
                         a structurally growing category, its
                         long-term growth is underpinned by          Online sales grew by 12 per cent to       across its women’s apparel, swim,
                         trends in personal fitness, health and      $248 million and represented 18 per       football and basketball categories.
                         wellbeing; increased personal leisure       cent of total sales. Click & Collect      Early performance since opening
                         time from flexible work trends; and         accounted for 27 per cent of online       has seen a substantial uplift in sales
                         rising female participation in sport.       sales.                                    momentum relative to the previous
                                                                                                               rebel store located in the same
                         Financial performance                       Stores and store network                  centre.
                         Total sales increased by 4.8 per cent       rebel opened five new stores and          rebel invested a total of $24 million
                         to $1.4 billion. Like-for-like sales grew   closed two stores in FY25, resulting in   of capital expenditure in its store
                         by 3.5 per cent, with growth in both        162 stores at the end of the period. It
                                                                                                               network in the period.
                         transaction numbers and average             is aiming to open a further eight new
                         transaction value.                          stores in FY26.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                   22




                                                                 In-store                             Online Click & Collect                 Online Home delivery
                                                                 % of total sales                     % of total sales                       % of total sales


                                                                 82%                                  5%                                     13%
                         Stores                                  Average active                        Active club                           Brand
                                                                 club member NPS                       member growth                         awareness


                         162                                     70                                    6%                                    94%           Stellar Market




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                           Research
                                                                                                                                                           Australia FY25




                          Sales ($m)                                               Segment profit before                            Active club members
                                                                                   tax (PBT)                                        (m)


                          $1,362m                                                  $101m                                            4.1m
                          FY25       $1,362m                                       FY25    $101m                                     FY25    4.1m
                          FY241      $1,299m                                       FY24    $102m                                     FY24    3.9m
                          FY23       $1,309m                                       FY23    $146m                                     FY23    3.7m
                          FY222      $1,212m                                       FY222   $141m                                     FY222   3.3m
                          FY21       $1,197m                                       FY21    $167m                                     FY21    3.2m




                          Online sales ($m)                                        Segment PBT margin                                Active club members
                                                                                   (%)                                               % of total sales


                          $248m                                                    7.4%                                              81%
                          FY25        $248m                                        FY25    7.4%                                      FY25    81%
                          FY24        $222m                                        FY241   7.9%                                      FY24    77%
                          FY23        $198m                                        FY23    11.2%                                     FY23    73%
                          FY222       $268m                                        FY222   11.6%                                     FY222   69%
                          FY21        $193m                                        FY21    13.9%                                     FY21    68%


                           (1)
                                 FY24 revenue has been updated due to a reclassification in the current year to include revenue from freight recovery
                           (2)
                                 FY22 was a 53-week period




                          rebel

                           $m                                                                                                    FY25              FY24   Change

                           Sales (1)                                                                                          1,361.7          1,298.9      4.8%
                           Segment EBIT                                                                                         123.7            121.4      1.9%
                           Segment PBT                                                                                          100.8            102.4     (1.6%)
                           PBT margin                                                                                            7.4%              7.9%   (50bps)
                        23                                                             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25




For personal use only
                        Customer and loyalty                       2026. These major events, alongside      The Group expects demand in the
                                                                   an already packed domestic sporting      sports category will remain resilient
                        rebel is a category leader in the          calendar, present a powerful             given global trends promoting the
                        Australian sporting goods and              opportunity for rebel to engage and      importance of personal fitness,
                        apparel market, with 94 per cent           inspire our customers and team —         health and wellbeing.
                        brand awareness. Thirty-two per            and to continue to grow our active
                        cent of customers recognise rebel as                                                Continued participation in grassroots
                                                                   membership base.
                        their preferred brand in the sports                                                 sport is expected to support demand
                        category.                                  Competition in the category remains      for equipment and apparel, while
                                                                   strong, with established players         strong crowd attendances at AFL
                        rebel grew its loyalty club                and a small number of well-funded        and rugby league matches should
                        membership by 6 per cent during            domestic and global entrants seeking     continue to underpin the sale of
                        the period and now has 4.1 million         to gain market share in recent years.    licensed products and fan gear.
                        members, representing 81 per cent
                        of its sales.                              rebel continues to be well-positioned    FY26 sales are also expected to
                                                                   to defend and strengthen its market      benefit from recent and planned
                        The rebel Active loyalty program           position, underpinned by:                new store openings, including Bondi
                        enjoyed its first full year of operation                                            Junction and Broadway in Sydney
                        in FY25. The program provides club         •   Category leadership across key       and Prahran in Melbourne, and an
                        members with exclusive benefits and            brand equity metrics — including     extensive program of store upgrades
                        offers and with the ability to earn            brand awareness, consideration       and refurbishments.
                        and redeem points on purchases.                and preferred main store status
                        Key performance metrics are tracking           — underpinned by a deep and          Key near-term growth opportunities
                        favourably and the scheme is being             enduring connection with grass       include:
                        increasingly embraced by customers             roots sports in communities
                                                                       nationwide;
                                                                                                            •    Extending rebel’s national omni-
                        and trade partners alike. The Group                                                      retail footprint, including the
                        is delighted with the customer
                        response to date, noting that the
                                                                   •   A 4 million plus active member            rollout of new regional stores;
                                                                       base, supported by rich first-
                        average basket value for rebel Active
                                                                       party data, advanced analytics,
                                                                                                            •    Leveraging and growing rebel’s
                        club members is higher than for                                                          long-standing relationships with
                                                                       and targeted communication
                        other customers, and higher again for                                                    international and local trade
                                                                       capabilities;
                        members who are redeeming points                                                         partners;
                        via the program.                           •   Strong customer and team
                                                                                                            •    Expanding market share in key
                                                                       engagement, reflected in high
                        rebel achieved a substantial increase                                                    growth categories including
                                                                       NPS scores and enhanced by the
                        in customer NPS, rising from 66 in                                                       basketball, football, women’s
                                                                       rebel Active loyalty program;             and kids;
                        FY24 to 70 in FY25.
                        Strategy and outlook
                                                                   •   Robust omni-channel capability,      •    Leveraging rebel’s Active loyalty
                                                                       combining a national network              program; and
                        Every year is a big year in sport, and         of 162 stores with a growing
                        FY26 will be no exception. It started          online presence and a new semi-      •    Growing digital sales and online
                        with the British and Irish Lions tour          automated national distribution           market share.
                        of Australia in the first quarter,             centre; and
                        includes the Winter Olympics and
                        Paralympics in February 2026, the
                                                                   •   Strategic partnerships with
                                                                       leading global brands at both
                        Women’s Asian Cup in March 2026,
                                                                       regional and international levels.
                        and finishes with the 2026 FIFA                                                     Image: Father’s Day campaign with
                        World Cup commencing in June                                                        sporty gifts for every type of dad.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                             24




For personal use only
                        rebel and Lifeline team up for
                        Mental Health Awareness Month
                        In October 2024, rebel partnered with     Australian sporting stars including        All profits from this collection were
                        Lifeline to champion mental health        rebel ambassador and Matildas’             donated to Lifeline, with adidas
                        awareness through the campaign,           player Mary Fowler, former AFL             contributing an additional $1 for
                        Mental Health is a Team Sport. This       footballer Tom Boyd, and gold              every adidas product purchased at
                        initiative builds on a partnership        medallist swimmer Kyle Chalmers,           rebel throughout October. Customers
                        with Lifeline launched in 2021,           brought the campaign to life,              were also encouraged to donate
                        highlighting the powerful connection      supported by rebel’s exclusive             directly to Lifeline online or in-store
                        between physical activity and mental      campaign partner, adidas. Mary             at rebel.
                        wellbeing. Whether it’s running to        Fowler and Tom Boyd shared their
                        clear the mind, swimming to relieve       personal stories, offering insights into   The Mental Health is a Team
                        stress, or playing team sports to         managing pressure and maintaining          Sport campaign raised $652,149,
                        foster connection, physical activity      mental wellbeing on and off the            comprising $132,850 in profits from
                        can benefit both body and mind.           field. Lifeline volunteers also stepped    the capsule collection, $219,299 from
                                                                  forward to share their experiences         customer donations, and $300,000
                        For the most recent campaign,
                                                                  supporting Australians in need,            from adidas product sales at rebel.
                        rebel developed a capsule collection
                                                                  reinforcing the message that help is
                        in collaboration with Brolga, an                                                     Since 2021, rebel has raised more
                                                                  always available.
                        Australian-based artist and illustrator                                              than $2.3m for Lifeline, thanks to
                        whose work also features in rebel’s       Lifeline provides 24/7 crisis support      the generosity of loyal customers,
                        Emporium Melbourne store. Brolga’s        to Australians in need, receiving more     dedicated team members, and
                        pop-styled aesthetic mixes daydream-      than 1 million contacts annually. Their    committed partners.
                        like doodles with bright, simple          work spans crisis intervention, suicide
                        iconography. The limited-edition          prevention training, public education,
                        collection includes sports t-shirts,      and research — empowering
                        drink bottles, a bucket hat, soccer       communities to be suicide-safe and
                        ball, basketball, socks, and more.        informed.



                        Image: rebel Ambassador and Australian
                        Matildas’ player Mary Fowler.
                        25                                                            SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25




For personal use only
                        BCF
                        performance
                         Our business
                         BCF is Australia’s leading outdoor       Fishing and touring led category           to provide the right range for its
                         and adventure retailer, with 165         growth. Fishing benefited from             customers in the right location. Key
                         stores located across every state        continued investment in the ‘in-           activities in this program include:
                         and territory — including five large-    store tackle store’ initiative, while
                         format superstores in Townsville,        the touring category was buoyed by
                                                                                                             •   Offering an extended fishing
                         Kawana, Mackay, Hervey Bay and                                                          range, tailored to individual store
                                                                  ongoing strength in the 4WD and
                         Cannington.                                                                             locations, via the in-store tackle
                                                                  caravanning markets. Growth was
                                                                                                                 store initiative. BCF established
                         The brand offers everything              broad-based across the business,
                                                                                                                 a further 10 tackle stores during
                         customers need for their next            with the exception of apparel, which
                                                                                                                 FY25 taking the total in the
                         boating, camping or fishing              was impacted by range adjustments.
                                                                                                                 network to 27; and
                         adventure, all under one roof. BCF       Segment profit before tax increased
                         aims to be the trusted destination for   12.3 per cent to $61 million, with the
                                                                                                             •   Further amplification of the
                         range, quality, value and service in                                                    4x4 and touring offering in key
                                                                  PBT margin improving by 20 bps. A 60
                         the outdoor retail space.                                                               sites through extended ranges
                                                                  bps decline in gross margin was more
                                                                                                                 from key brands including XTM,
                         Operating in the growing outdoor         than offset by improved operating
                                                                                                                 DARCHE, Hardkorr, Rhino-Rack
                         leisure category, BCF is well-           leverage, as cost of doing business
                                                                                                                 and MSA.
                         positioned to benefit from               declined as a percentage of sales.
                         rising participation in camping,                                                    Since launching its first superstore
                                                                  Online sales
                         caravanning, hiking and off-road                                                    in Townsville in November 2022,
                         exploration.                             Online sales grew by 7 per cent to         BCF has opened four additional
                                                                  $109 million and represented 12 per        superstores — Kawana in FY23 and
                         Financial performance                    cent of total sales. The Click & Collect   Mackay in FY24, followed by Hervey
                         BCF delivered a standout                 portion of online sales increased to       Bay and Cannington in FY25.
                         performance in FY25, with total          58 per cent.
                                                                                                             BCF superstores are large-format
                         sales up 7.9 per cent to $951 million,   Stores and store network                   locations, offering an expanded
                         driven by strong customer response                                                  product range across key outdoor
                         to BCF’s strategic partnerships with     BCF opened five new stores and
                                                                                                             categories including fishing, boating,
                         premium global and domestic brands.      closed two stores, resulting in 165
                                                                                                             4WD, camping, caravanning, BBQ,
                         Favourable trading conditions during     stores at the end of the period. BCF
                                                                                                             power and refrigeration. They feature
                         key peak periods also supported          remains on track to reach its target of
                                                                                                             interactive customer experience
                         growth.                                  170 stores by the end of FY26.
                                                                                                             zones, allowing customers to explore
                         Like-for-like sales grew by 5.4 per      BCF currently has a number of in-          products hands-on and understand
                         cent, underpinned primarily by an        store and merchandising initiatives        how they enhance their boating,
                         increase in transaction volumes.         in place across its store network          camping and fishing adventures.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                  26




                                                                 In-store                             Online Click & Collect                Online Home delivery
                                                                 % of total sales                     % of total sales                      % of total sales


                                                                 88%                                  7%                                    5%
                         Stores                                  Average active                        Active club                           Brand
                                                                 club member NPS                       member growth                         awareness


                         165                                     74                                    9%                                    81%          Stellar Market




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                          Research
                                                                                                                                                          Australia FY25




                          Sales ($m)                                           Segment profit before                              Active club members
                                                                               tax (PBT)                                          (m)


                          $951m                                                $61m                                               2.7m
                          FY25       $951m                                     FY25     $61m                                      FY25     2.7m
                          FY241      $881m                                     FY24     $54m                                      FY24     2.5m
                          FY23       $840m                                     FY23     $51m                                      FY23     2.2m
                          FY222      $830m                                     FY222    $60m                                      FY222    2.1m
                          FY21       $798m                                     FY21     $96m                                      FY21     2.0m




                          Online sales ($m)                                     Segment PBT margin                                 Active club members
                                                                                (%)                                                % of total sales

                          $109m                                                 6.4%                                               91%
                          FY25       $109m                                      FY25    6.4%                                       FY25    91%
                          FY24       $102m                                      FY241   6.2%                                       FY24    90%
                          FY23       $94m                                       FY23    6.1%                                       FY23    89%
                          FY222      $117m                                      FY222   7.2%                                       FY222   87%
                          FY21       $86m                                       FY21    12.1%                                      FY21    84%


                           (1)
                                 FY24 revenue has been updated due to a reclassification in the current year to include revenue from freight recovery
                           (2)
                                 FY22 was a 53-week period




                          BCF

                           $m                                                                                                    FY25              FY24   Change

                           Sales (1)                                                                                             950.7            881.0     7.9%
                           Segment EBIT                                                                                           75.4             66.8    12.9%
                           Segment PBT                                                                                            61.0             54.3    12.3%
                           PBT margin                                                                                            6.4%              6.2%    20bps
                        27                                                           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25




For personal use only
                        Additional services such as line         members who participate in its club      Key near-term growth priorities for
                        spooling and fitment are also            loyalty program, representing 91 per     BCF include:
                        offered in-store. The modular            cent of total sales.
                        superstore design enables scalable
                                                                                                          •     Optimising the store network by
                                                                 BCF achieved a customer NPS of 74              refining size, format and location;
                        implementation of key elements
                                                                 in the period, up from 73 in FY24.
                        across the broader store network,                                                 •     Expanding market share via
                        tailored to local customer demand        Strategy and outlook                           extended ranges, superstore
                        and store footprint.                                                                    momentum and targeting
                                                                 Demographic shifts and the rising              underpenetrated profit pools;
                        Customers spend approximately            popularity of SUVs continue to
                        50 per cent more in superstores          support growth in domestic leisure       •     Lifting sales density through
                        compared to standard BCF                 activities such as camping, four-wheel         category adjacencies, including
                        stores, driven by higher visitation,     driving and caravanning.                       seasonal apparel (e.g. Macpac);
                        greater units per basket and
                        increased average item values. As        BCF is well-positioned to benefit        •     Ongoing investment in strategic
                                                                 from these trends, with FY26 sales             and private brands;
                        a result, superstores contribute
                        disproportionately to sales growth       expected to be supported by five         •     Enhancing regional product
                        relative to their share of the total     new store openings and a full-year             curation with exclusive and
                        store network.                           contribution from recently launched            locally tailored ranges;
                                                                 superstores in Hervey Bay and
                        BCF invested a total of $19 million      Cannington. The current superstore       •     Growing digital sales and online
                        of capital expenditure in its store      fleet stands at five, with potential           share; and
                        network in the period.                   to expand to 15 to 20 locations
                                                                 over time.
                                                                                                          •     Driving customer frequency and
                        Customer                                                                                engagement through loyalty
                                                                 Promotional intensity in the outdoor           and personalisation initiatives
                        BCF is one of the leading participants                                                  targeting its large active club
                                                                 category is expected to remain
                        in the Australian outdoor market,                                                       member base.
                                                                 elevated, with competitors continuing
                        with 81 per cent brand awareness.
                                                                 to rely on discounting. In response,
                        Twenty-four per cent of customers
                                                                 BCF is focused on differentiating its
                        recognise BCF as their preferred
                                                                 offer through its portfolio of private
                        brand in the outdoor leisure
                                                                 and strategic brands, providing
                        category, the highest amongst its
                                                                 customers with exclusive product
                        immediate peers.
                                                                 ranges and better value. These
                        BCF grew its club membership by          brands now account for over half
                        9 per cent in the period and now         of total sales and are contributing          Image: Stand up paddle boards and
                        has more than 2.7 million active club    disproportionately to growth.                accessories from the watersports range
                                                                                                              at BCF.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                              28




For personal use only
                        BCF and OzFish make a difference
                        for better habitats, better fishing
                        BCF has partnered with OzFish since             as part of its ongoing commitment to
                        2018, working together to give                  support the future of fishing.
                        recreational fishers and the Australian
                                                                        These funds support crucial fish
                        community the opportunity to pitch
                                                                        habitat restoration works, such as
                        in and improve the waterways they
                        love.                                           tree planting, mangrove and seagrass
                                                                        restoration, rebuilding shellfish reefs,
                        OzFish Unlimited is a not-for-profit            and rubbish removal that supports
                        organisation powered by a network of            healthy aquatic life in more than 150
                        dedicated members and volunteers,               waterways around Australia.
                        organised into local chapters across
                        every state and territory in Australia.         An important part of supporting
                        Their initiatives focus on making local         OzFish is the annual in-store donation
                        fishing environments healthier and              drive, Small Change 4 Big Change,
                        more productive, sharing expertise              where our passionate in-store
                        in habitat restoration, collaborating           teams share their enthusiasm with
                        on research with leading universities,          customers. The three-day event in
                        running educational workshops                   June makes it easy for BCF customers
                        for communities and schools,                    to contribute with every donation
                        and building strong partnerships                going to OzFish to help improve the
                        with traditional owners and their               health of Australia’s waterways. This
                        communities.                                    year’s event resulted in customers
                                                                        donating more than $110,000.
                        In FY25, BCF continued to partner
                        with OzFish to help restore fish                BCF team members also support
                        habitats across Australia, and for              OzFish by volunteering their time
                        the first time in the partnership,              on conservation projects in their
                        BCF raised more than $1 million in              local areas – giving back to their
                        customer donations. In addition, BCF            communities and helping protect the
                        donated a further $300,000 to OzFish            waterways they love to fish in.


                        Image main: Oyster reef deployment with BCF and OzFish.
                        Image inset: Small Change 4 Big Change in BCF stores.
                        29                                                            SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25




For personal use only
                        Macpac
                        performance
                         Our business
                         Founded in Christchurch, New              per cent. Both regions improved in      Stores and store network
                         Zealand, in 1973, Macpac is a             the second half, with New Zealand
                         trusted outdoor adventure brand                                                   Macpac opened ten new stores and
                                                                   returning to positive growth.
                                                                                                           closed four, resulting in 103 stores at
                         specialising in apparel and equipment
                                                                   Baselayers, midlayers, gear and         the end of the period.
                         for climbers, hikers, campers and
                         adventure travellers. Macpac              accessories were among the              Macpac’s store network comprises
                         products are designed by adventurers      strongest-performing categories.        two core formats:
                         for adventurers. They are functional      In contrast, growth in insulation
                         and technical, and built to withstand     products was subdued, with the          •   Macpac Explorer: 300 to 400
                                                                   overall mix of sales reflecting             sqm stores located in key
                         the demands of the outdoors.                                                          shopping centres, which stock
                                                                   the milder conditions prevalent
                         Acquired by Super Retail Group in         throughout the period.                      a full range of Macpac-branded
                         2018, Macpac operates 103 stores                                                      product and a rationalised offer
                         across Australia and New Zealand.         Segment profit before tax margin            of other brands; and
                         It operates in the growing outdoor        declined by 390 bps, as a 30 bps        •   Macpac Adventurer Hub: 600
                         adventure category, supported             improvement in gross margin                 to 800 sqm stores located in
                         by tailwinds such as increased            was more than offset by negative            established outdoor precincts,
                         international travel and the rising       operating leverage, with cost of            which stock a full range of
                         popularity of hiking, camping and         doing business rising as a percentage       Macpac-branded product and an
                         nature-based tourism.                     of sales. Operating cost inflation          extended offer of other brands.
                         Financial performance                     was partly driven by network
                                                                   investment, including the opening       Macpac invested a total of $11
                         Total sales increased by 3.8 per cent                                             million of capital expenditure in its
                                                                   of ten new stores during the period –
                         to $231 million, with like-for-like                                               store network in the period.
                                                                   incorporating a near full run rate
                         growth of 2 per cent, complemented        of operating costs on a revenue         Customer
                         by new store openings.                    base yet to reach maturity.             Macpac is well-recognised in its
                         Like-for-like sales were modest           Online sales                            homeland of New Zealand where it
                         during the period, with growth in                                                 has 79 per cent brand awareness.
                         transaction volumes partially offset      Online sales grew by 6 per cent to      Brand awareness in Australia of 45
                         by a decline in average transaction       $42 million and represented 18 per      per cent continues to improve as
                         values. Like-for-like sales in New        cent of total sales. Click & Collect    the store network expands, and has
                         Zealand declined by 0.9 per cent in       accounted for 15 per cent of            benefitted from the sale of Macpac
                         the full year, while Australia grew 3.7   online sales.                           product in rebel and BCF stores.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                   30




                                                                 In-store                              Online Click & Collect                Online Home delivery
                                                                 % of total sales                      % of total sales                      % of total sales


                                                                 82%                                   3%                                    15%
                         Stores                                  Average active                        Active club                           Brand
                                                                 club member NPS                       member growth                         awareness


                         103                                     73                                    8%                                    79%          Stellar Market




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                          Research
                                                                                                                                                          New Zealand FY25




                          Sales ($m)                                             Segment profit before                            Active club members
                                                                                 tax (PBT)                                        (m)


                          $231m                                                  $10m                                             0.8m
                          FY25       $231m                                       FY25    $10m                                     FY25     0.8m
                          FY241      $223m                                       FY24    $19m                                     FY24     0.8m
                          FY23       $216m                                       FY23    $29m                                     FY23     0.7m
                          FY222      $177m                                       FY222   $19m                                     FY222    0.6m
                          FY21       $153m                                       FY21    $17m                                     FY21     0.5m




                          Online sales ($m)                                      Segment PBT margin                              Active club members
                                                                                 (%)                                             % of total sales

                          $42m                                                   4.5%                                            76%
                          FY25        $42m                                       FY25    4.5%                                      FY25    76%
                          FY24        $39m                                       FY241   8.4%                                      FY24    76%
                          FY23        $39m                                       FY23    13.3%                                     FY23    74%
                          FY222       $41m                                       FY222   10.5%                                     FY222   72%
                          FY21        $30m                                       FY21    11.0%                                     FY21    66%


                           (1)
                                 FY24 revenue has been updated due to a reclassification in the current year to include revenue from freight recovery
                           (2)
                                 FY22 was a 53-week period




                          Macpac

                           $m                                                                                                     FY25             FY24    Change

                           Sales (1)                                                                                             231.4            222.9       3.8%
                           Segment EBIT                                                                                           14.3             22.0    (35.0%)
                           Segment PBT                                                                                            10.3             18.8    (45.2%)
                           PBT margin                                                                                             4.5%             8.4%   (390bps)
                        31                       SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25




For personal use only
                             Macpac grew its club membership by       Key near-term growth opportunities
                             8 per cent in the period and now has     include:
                             over 800,000 active club members,
                             representing 76 per cent of Macpac       •    Scope to increase the
                             total sales.                                  penetration of the network in
                                                                           Australia;
                             The brand achieved a customer NPS
                             of 73 in the period, up from 70 in       •    Lifting brand awareness in
                             FY24.                                         Australia towards levels being
                                                                           achieved in New Zealand;
                             Strategy and outlook
                                                                      •    Evolution of the product range
                             While FY25 presented challenges,              and accelerating innovation in
                             including a subdued consumer                  core categories;
                             environment in New Zealand and
                             milder weather in Australia, Macpac      •    Growing digital sales and online
                             exited the year with improving sales          market share; and
                             momentum.
                                                                      •    Improving the in-store customer
                             Longer term, growth in hiking and             experience.
                             outdoor adventure, as well as in
                             international tourism and travel,        Environmental responsibility is
                             is expected to support sustained         important to Macpac, our customers
                             demand for Macpac’s outdoor              and our team members. Preservation
                             adventure products.                      of the natural world is also integral
                                                                      to the outdoor adventure category in
                             In FY26, sales are expected to benefit   which we operate. A strategic focus
                             from the full-year contribution from     for Macpac is to be a force for good
                             the ten stores opened in FY25, noting    and continue its better business
                             that Macpac stores typically reach       journey with a sustainability focus.
                             maturity after their second or third     In FY25 Macpac retained its Toitū
                             winter season.                           Carbon Reduce certification for the
                             Macpac remains focused on technical      fifth year in a row.
                             product excellence and differentiated
                             design, underpinned by a strong
                             commitment to quality.                   Main image: The right gear can make all the
                                                                      difference.
                                                                      Insert image top: Gift cards for the adventurer.
                                                                      Insert image bottom: Northlink, Macpac’s 100th
                                                                      store, in Ōtautahi Christchurch.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                    32




For personal use only
                                                                               BEFORE          AFTER




                        Macpac strengthens support for
                        Te Ahu Pātiki Charitable Trust
                        Macpac is proud to continue and                     Te Ahu Pātiki (Mt Herbert) and Mt         Photo points established throughout
                        strengthen its partnership as the                   Bradley are the two highest peaks         the area help document these
                        principal sponsor of the Te Ahu Pātiki              on Te Pātaka-o-Rākaihautū Banks           positive changes over time. The Trust
                        Charitable Trust, supporting the long-              Peninsula and hold deep significance      plans to resurvey the catchment in
                        term restoration and protection of Te               for local communities. These              2027 to measure the success of its
                        Pātaka-o-Rākaihautū Banks Peninsula                 maunga (mountains) are visible from       restoration efforts and guide future
                        for future generations.                             Whakaraupō Lyttelton Harbour and          priorities.
                                                                            Ōtautahi Christchurch and are central
                        In 2022, Macpac began supporting                    to the area’s identity.                   As principal sponsor, Macpac’s
                        the Trust through a three-year Fund                                                           decision to extend and deepen
                        for Good grant. Building on this                    The Trust’s vision is to restore native   its support reflects a shared
                        foundation, Macpac has extended its                 ecosystems, improve biodiversity,         commitment to protecting and
                        support for another five years and                  and ensure enduring public access
                                                                                                                      restoring wild places and encouraging
                                                                            for recreation such as walking, biking,
                        will increase its annual sponsorship                                                          connection with nature. By
                                                                            and climbing. In 2022, an extensive
                        to $70,000 per year. This renewed                                                             supporting the Trust’s long-term
                                                                            ecological survey was completed
                        commitment will help advance the                    to understand the flora and fauna         work, Macpac helps ensure Te Ahu
                        Trust’s vision for the 500-hectare                  present, including lizard and lichen      Pātiki remains a thriving space for
                        project, supporting ecological                      populations. This survey informed         native species and a place where
                        restoration and public access.                      a comprehensive Restoration Plan,         communities can enjoy and protect
                                                                            providing a blueprint for targeted        their natural heritage.
                        The location of Te Ahu Pātiki
                        is significant, situated at the                     weed control, pest management, and
                        intersection of several blocks                      forest recovery.
                        of protected land. It connects                      A key focus has been the removal of
                        approximately 2,000 hectares of                     stock and the active control of pest
                        conservation estate with protected                  species. Monitoring at Carter’s Bush
                        land from the high summits down to                  has already shown strong regrowth
                        sea level.                                          following stock removal in 2021.


                        Image left: Carter’s Bush 2021 (at point of stock removal).
                        Image right: Carter’s Bush 2025 (regrowth evident).
                        Photo credit: Alice Shanks.
                        33                                                                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25



                        Risk
                        The Board is responsible for overseeing the Company’s approach to risk management. The Board is assisted by the
                        Board Risk and Sustainability Committee (BRSC) in the discharge of its risk management responsibilities. In addition,
                        the Board Human Resources and Remuneration Committee (BHRRC) makes recommendations to the Board on
                        matters pertaining to health and safety and on compliance with legal and statutory requirements in relation to human
                        resources and remuneration. Further details on the Company’s approach to risk management are contained in the
                        Company’s FY25 Corporate Governance Statement.
                        The Group operates in a dynamic and rapidly evolving environment across three geographies (Australia, New Zealand
                        and China). Monitoring of the operating environment for emerging risks, such as the opportunities and threats
                        introduced by Artificial Intelligence (AI), is ongoing. Material risks that could adversely affect our operations and
                        performance and the delivery of our strategy are outlined in this section. Further financial risks are detailed in Note 22
                        – Financial risk management in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
                        Super Retail Group continues to evolve its approach to risk management to make it fit for purpose and to meet the
                        demands of the operating environment and the expectations of our customers, the communities we operate in, team
                        members and investors.




For personal use only
                        The Group actively manages a range of financial and non-financial business risks which can potentially have a material
                        impact on the Group and its ability to achieve its stated objectives. While the Group’s approach to risk management
                        seeks to identify and manage material risks and emerging risks, not all relevant risks are within the control of the
                        Group. Additional risks not currently known or detailed below may also adversely affect our operations, performance or
                        delivery of our strategy.


                        Risk                     Risk context                                          Risk management
                        People
                        Health & Safety          With operations in three countries and more than      – Investing in the ongoing maturity of the Group’s Health and
                                                 780 stores and seven distribution centres, there        Safety program.
                        Exposure to hazards      are certain hazards that have the potential to
                                                 cause significant harm.                               – Focusing on hazard elimination and risk reduction, supported
                        at a level that causes                                                           by a robust health and safety management system.
                        harm (arising from the
                                                 While we are committed to the physical and            – Focusing on critical risks with integration of control
                        Group’s operations)      psychological health and safety of our team             assessment through assurance activities.
                                                 members, customers, suppliers, visitors and
                                                 contractors across our operations, these risks        – Enhancing health and safety compliance and leadership
                                                 remain.                                                 training.

                                                 Retail crime, including theft and fraud, poses        – Implementing Health and Safety by Design requirements for
                                                 risks, leading to safety concerns for team              fixtures, fittings and facilities.
                                                 members and customers, financial losses and           – Strengthening our security measures to manage retail crime
                                                 operational disruptions. Evolving criminal tactics      risks, including theft, other criminal activities, and aggressive
                                                 and technology use complicates these risks.             customers. This involves enhancing team training and
                                                                                                         maintaining close collaboration with law enforcement.
                                                                                                       – Focusing on Psychological Safety and Respect@Work to
                                                                                                         prevent and address discrimination, harassment or bullying.
                                                                                                       – Supporting our culture of proactive care through the
                                                                                                         rollout of our team wellbeing app, with 57 per cent of team
                                                                                                         members now activated.
                                                                                                       – Development of electronic induction, training, record keeping
                                                                                                         and equipment maintenance.
                                                                                                       – Implementing our planned preventative maintenance
                                                                                                         program.
                                                                                                       – Measuring and monitoring our key performance indicators
                                                                                                         and benchmarking our performance against others.


                        Employment law           A variety of employment instruments across            – Monitoring changes to legislation to maintain compliance
                        compliance               Australia, New Zealand and China create                 with legal and other requirements.
                                                 complexities, particularly with respect to the
                                                 payment of employee entitlements, where errors        – Using information technology to reduce the chance of error.
                        Serious or systemic
                                                 could occur.                                          – Managing compliance of our industrial instruments,
                        breach of
                        employment law                                                                   supported by ongoing training and communication on correct
                                                 Any breach can lead to financial harm for our           rostering practices.
                                                 team members, damage our Group’s reputation
                                                 and erode the trust and confidence of our             – Conducting periodic external compliance reviews as part of
                                                 team, customers, shareholders and regulators.           our ongoing assurance program.
                                                 Additionally, we may face fines or other penalties.
                                                                                                       – Progressing a multi-year implementation of a Human
                                                                                                         Resources Core & Payroll system (HRCP).
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                      34




                         Risk                    Risk context                                             Risk management
                         Conduct                 With approximately 16,000 team members, it is            – Maintaining a strong culture that engenders doing the right
                                                 possible that not all team members will conduct            thing, guided by our Group Values and Code of Conduct.
                         Inappropriate,          themselves in a manner consistent with the
                                                 Group’s Code of Conduct or Values.                       – Maturing our management of conduct risk compliance, using
                         unethical or unlawful                                                              data analytics, attracting top talent and adapting to customer
                         conduct by the                                                                     feedback to build competitiveness.
                                                 Behaviours or actions taken by team members
                         Group’s officers or     may have negative consequences such as legal
                         team members                                                                     – Providing mechanisms for reporting wrongdoing and prompt
                                                 issues, financial losses or reputational damage.           action on misconduct, including a Speak Up (whistleblower)
                                                 This includes unethical or illegal actions, non-           Policy and dedicated reporting line, Anti-Corrupt Practices
                                                 compliance with regulations, mistreatment                  Policy, and brand and Group Respect@Work councils.
                                                 of customers, and failures in adhering to the
                                                 company Code of Conduct policies and                     – Investing in online fraud protection tools and resources
                                                 Company Values.                                            across our brands.
                                                                                                          – Maintaining relevant forums to oversee and actively engage
                                                                                                            in strategies to create a harassment-free workplace.
                                                                                                          – Improving analytics to assist in the early identification of




For personal use only
                                                                                                            conduct risk and issues.


                         Strategy
                         Competition and         The risk of rapidly increasing competition in both       – Investing in growing our active club loyalty membership
                         new entrants            online and offline markets or a large-scale shift in       base, personalising our services and retaining our loyal
                                                 the competitive landscape for the Group’s brands.          customers through loyalty platforms and structured customer
                         Large scale shift in                                                               relationship management activities.
                                                 Increased competition can arise as a result of new
                         competitive landscape   entrants to the market, increased investment by          – Growing our four core brands and improving the customer
                                                 existing competitors and aggressive competitor             experience in-store and online.
                                                 pricing and/or marketing strategies.                     – Improving brand awareness.
                                                 Accelerated movement towards Direct-to-                  – Optimising our store network, which involves strategically
                                                 Consumer sales channels by trade partners has              evaluating and enhancing the locations, layouts and
                                                 the potential to alter competitive advantage and           operations of our retail stores to maximise efficiency and
                                                 expose the Group to a loss of market share across          profitability for a better customer experience.
                                                 our brands.
                                                                                                          – Regularly monitoring key competitor market share,
                                                                                                            monitoring of competition activity through all channels,
                                                                                                            pricing analysis, new and emerging market scans, SWOT
                                                                                                            analysis through strategic framework.
                                                                                                          – Working closely with trade partners to maximise
                                                                                                            opportunities.


                         Strategy execution      Execution of the Group’s strategic agenda is             – Investing in portfolio management capability and program
                                                 highly dependent on developing capabilities for            governance.
                         Critical shortfall in   the future of retail, attracting and retaining talent,
                                                 investing in technology and optimising the use of        – Investing in talent attraction and retention programs.
                         capability and/or
                         capacity to execute     technology and our data assets.                          – Enhancing safety, security, wellbeing and career
                         the Group’s strategy                                                               development opportunities to attract and retain talent. Clear
                                                 Attracting and retaining talent in stores remains a        communication about safety measures reassuring team
                                                 challenge, with an increased risk of retail crime,         members about the support available.
                                                 theft, harassment and aggressive customers.
                                                 These risks can contribute to a higher turnover of       – Embedding our vision, mission and values.
                                                 team members.
                                                                                                          – Leveraging our Digital and Technology operating model to
                                                 A career in retail offers opportunities, particularly      maximise the use of technology and data.
                                                 for those interested in technology, customer             – Ensuring clear and distinct responsibilities across strategy
                                                 service and sustainability. The industry’s focus           development, strategy execution, project/portfolio delivery,
                                                 on blending digital and physical shopping                  and assurance — while fostering strong collaboration and
                                                 experiences, along with its commitment to                  alignment between these functions.
                                                 sustainability goals, makes it an attractive field for
                                                 many job seekers.                                        – Delivering our people strategy while keeping our tactical
                                                                                                            initiatives responsive to the external environment.
                                                 Inability to deliver the expected benefits and
                                                 outcomes from the Group’s strategy could impact          – We are actively exploring AI to enhance efficiency, the
                                                 our brands’ ability to compete in a dynamic and            customer experience and decision-making, while managing
                                                 evolving market.                                           ethical, regulatory, and operational risks through strong
                                                                                                            governance. Given its strategic significance, AI is addressed
                                                 Insufficient or delayed investment in new                  within our broader business strategy rather than solely under
                                                 technologies such as generative AI may put the             cyber security or data management.
                                                 Group at a competitive disadvantage.
                        35                                                                                 SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25




                         Risk                             Risk context                                           Risk management
                         Climate change                   As the world transitions to a low-carbon               – Investing in the capabilities and resourcing required to help
                         transition                       economy, legal, technological, market, brand and         us achieve our climate change transition goals.
                                                          reputational issues could arise from emissions
                                                          reduction activities (or a failure to take such        – Seeking opportunities and partnerships aligned to the
                         Global transition                                                                         transition to a low-emissions economy.
                                                          activities) and expectations.
                         to a low-carbon
                         economy (1)                                                                             – Monitoring frequency of disruptions to operations and
                                                          Investors expect companies to deliver their              effectiveness of business continuity management plans.
                                                          climate change, environmental and social
                                                          sustainability commitments.                            – Monitoring the concentration of risk in the property portfolio
                                                                                                                   and supply chain and adjust where appropriate.
                                                          Consumer and regulatory concerns around
                                                          greenwashing and transparency are growing, as          – Investing in low energy and resilient buildings.
                                                          are market norms on sustainability.                    – Progressing delivery of our Sustainability Framework 2030,
                                                                                                                   which includes emissions reduction goals and recycling
                                                          The transition is likely to bring legislative            and waste reduction programs, as well as support for
                                                          changes, technological advancements, increases           environmental restoration programs.
                                                          in operating costs, and shifts in consumer
                                                          preferences, expectations and discretionary            – Keeping informed about the market norms on sustainability,
                                                          spend.                                                   investor and customer expectations.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                 – Monitoring regulatory and legislative changes while
                                                                                                                   preparing for mandatory climate reporting.
                                                                                                                 – Maintaining membership of the UN Global Compact to align
                                                                                                                   with global sustainability principles and practices.



                         Financial
                         Economic disruption              The global macro-economic environment                  – Seeking to maintain a strong financial position backed by a
                                                          has remained volatile, shaped by persistent              well-executed omni-retail strategy and effective operating
                         Protracted economic              inflationary pressures, uneven monetary policy           model.
                         downturn                         responses and heightened geopolitical tensions.
                                                          While some developed economies have initiated          – Actively monitoring external indicators and macro-economic
                                                          monetary easing cycles, inflation remains sticky         conditions and understanding their potential impact through
                                                          — particularly in services — prompting central           scenario modelling.
                                                          banks to maintain cautious stances.                    – Managing financial risks within a disciplined policy
                                                                                                                   framework.
                                                          Geopolitical instability continues to weigh on
                                                          global trade and investment confidence. Ongoing        – Having in place strategic planning processes, including
                                                          conflicts in the Ukraine and the Middle East,            adjusting or reprioritising strategic initiatives, if necessary.
                                                          coupled with new tariff regimes — especially
                                                          the significant U.S. tariffs on imports — have         – Controlling inventory investment through robust inventory
                                                          disrupted supply chains and increased volatility of      management processes.
                                                          trade costs.                                           – Conducting effective workforce planning by aligning
                                                                                                                   resourcing levels with business needs, optimising labour
                                                          Labour market conditions in Australia and New            costs and efficiency.
                                                          Zealand remain constrained, with wage growth
                                                          pressures and skills shortages continuing to           – Using currency forecasting and hedging to mitigate exposure
                                                          impact operational efficiency. Freight and logistics     to exchange rate fluctuations.
                                                          costs have fluctuated due to elevated shipping
                                                                                                                 – Maintaining committed debt facilities and available liquidity
                                                          prices and energy market volatility. These factors
                                                                                                                   buffers.
                                                          collectively may adversely affect the Group’s
                                                          trading and non-trading environment.

                         Information and technology
                         Cyber security, data             The privacy, integrity and security of customer        – Maintaining effective cyber security controls, including
                         management and                   and team member data and information and the             phishing simulation exercises, cyber training modules and
                                                          reliability of IT systems is of utmost importance to     advanced training for high-risk users.
                         privacy                          the Group and is critical to day-to-day operations
                                                          and strategic direction.                               – Actively monitoring cyber threats and vulnerabilities.
                         Unauthorised access
                         to the Group’s systems It is critical that we keep our commercially                     – Maturing our cyber security practices, policies, controls and
                                                                                                                   response framework.
                         and data               sensitive information safe and that we protect
                                                          our customers through digital channels and             – Investing in cyber processes and tools.
                                                          e-commerce.
                                                                                                                 – Strengthening governance through oversight by
                                                          Any unauthorised access to systems and/or data           management’s Cyber Security Committee.
                                                          can erode customer, team member, trade partner         – Leveraging the Group Data Governance Framework and
                                                          and shareholder trust in the Group and can have          management’s Data Governance Committee to ensure that
                                                          adverse regulatory and financial impacts.                we create, collect, use, store, archive and delete data in an
                                                                                                                   ethical and secure way.
                                                          The interconnectedness and complexity of our
                                                          information and technology systems, along with
                                                          our heavy reliance on them, means we need to
                                                          remain diligent to the increasing threat of cyber-
                                                          attack.

                        (1) Further detail on our climate risks is provided on page 38.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                36




                        Risk                    Risk context                                         Risk management
                        Operational
                        Responsible sourcing    Forced labour, debt bondage, deceptive               – Maintaining a Responsible Sourcing Program, Human Rights
                                                recruitment and child labour have been                 and Responsible Sourcing Policy, and Responsible Sourcing
                        Unethical or            associated with geographies, sectors, and              Code which includes monitoring, verification, audit and
                        dangerous working       industries in which we operate.                        remediation processes.
                        conditions in the                                                            – Maintaining new supplier due diligence processes.
                                                There is the potential for serious harm to people
                        Group’s supply chain,   who work in our supply chain. Any failure to act
                        including modern                                                             – Reviewing factory audit results provided by third parties and
                                                as a responsible business through how we source        actively managing corrective action plans.
                        slavery                 our products can erode customer, team member,
                                                trade partner and shareholder trust in the Group     – Monitoring service providers’ due diligence processes via
                                                and can have adverse regulatory and financial          self-assessment declarations and certifications.
                                                impacts.
                                                                                                     – Requiring relevant team members to complete responsible
                                                                                                       sourcing training programs.
                                                                                                     – Incorporating in our contracts that our trade partners and
                                                                                                       procurement processes must comply with our Human Rights
                                                                                                       and Responsible Sourcing Policy and Responsible Sourcing




For personal use only
                                                                                                       Code, where relevant.



                        Product safety          While we are committed to providing safe             – Maintaining a comprehensive and robust product compliance
                                                products for our customers and complying               program and management systems, including manuals,
                        A product sold by       with requisite standards, there are risks to the       standards, training, testing and review.
                        the Group’s brands      Group relating to product safety. Product safety
                                                is a critical part of our trading operations. If     – Designing and sourcing quality products that minimise the
                        is unsafe and/or                                                               likelihood of products being unsafe or non-compliant.
                                                compromised, it can result in serious illness
                        non-compliant with
                                                or injury, detrimental regulatory impacts and        – Actioning and managing product recall processes.
                        required standards      significant reputational damage. There may also
                                                be financial impacts associated with product         – Standardising new line processes, including risk-based
                                                recalls and any regulatory impacts.                    product testing.
                                                                                                     – Conducting compliance checks for high-risk products by
                                                                                                       identifying regulatory requirements, developing checklists,
                                                                                                       performing audits and testing, checking certifications,
                                                                                                       implementing corrective actions, training and monitoring
                                                                                                       regulatory changes.
                                                                                                     – Seeking trade partner guarantees, where possible.
                                                                                                     – Following up on product safety incidents through a
                                                                                                       structured product investigation process.


                        Supply chain            Global and domestic supply chain disruption is a     – Building resilience and agility into our supply chain.
                        disruption              highly dynamic risk with complex drivers, many
                                                outside our control or influence.                    – Modernising the technology supporting our supply chain,
                                                                                                       including upgrading our warehouse management system.
                        Protracted supply
                                                Regular supply shocks can impact the ability to      – Maintaining inventory buffers to increase tolerance to
                        chain disruption        maintain service and product levels.                   disruption.
                                                Severe weather events can result in damage to        – Maintaining freight and trade alliance membership and
                                                supply lines.                                          strategic partnerships.

                                                Shipping volatility including pallet and container   – Actively engaging multiple vendors on supply arrangements
                                                shortages, port capacity issues, geopolitical          to manage constraints.
                                                tensions and conflicts, labour shortages and         – While China remains a key sourcing region for our business,
                                                transport reliability issues have the potential to     we continue to explore opportunities to expand our supplier
                                                contribute to extended lead times and/or the           network across alternative geographies to reduce disruption
                                                unavailability of products to meet customer            risk. These opportunities are pursued only where they meet
                                                demand, which may impact customer loyalty and          our responsible sourcing principles and are aligned with our
                                                reduce revenue.                                        risk appetite.


                        Supply chain capacity   Maintaining inventory buffers to minimise            – Improving governance of process and flow management.
                                                protracted supply chain disruption increases the
                                                risk that stock levels or mix are misaligned to      – Maintaining a high level of engagement on, and active
                        Operations exceed the                                                          oversight of, forward capacity requirements via our cross-
                        effective capacity of   demand. Increasing resilience in our supply chain
                                                can also increase cost and add to complexity.          functional sales and operations planning forums.
                        the supply chain
                                                                                                     – Actively identifying, managing and exiting slow and obsolete
                                                                                                       inventory from our network.
                                                                                                     – Optimising the use of offsite storage.
                                                                                                     – Commissioning our new automated distribution centre to
                                                                                                       enhance capacity and efficiency.
                        37                                                                                SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25




                         Risk                             Risk context                                         Risk management
                         Climate change                   The climate is changing, affecting natural weather   – Having in place emergency response and business continuity
                                                          variability and leading to increased frequency         management plans and related exercise programs which
                         Physical impacts of              and/or severity of weather events, such as             support business resilience.
                         climate change (1)               extreme heatwaves, drought and intense rainfall
                                                          causing flooding.                                    – Maintaining a robust health and safety management system.
                                                                                                               – Implementing our planned site inspection and preventative
                                                          The health and safety of our team and customers        maintenance program.
                                                          may be impacted.
                                                                                                               – Identifying sites susceptible to increased risk of natural
                                                          Our trade and operations may be disrupted and          hazards.
                                                          assets damaged, the cost of industrial special
                                                          risk insurance and the cost and availability         – Complying with building codes and requirements.
                                                          of raw materials could be impacted, product          – Monitoring weather-related influences on customer demand
                                                          demand affected and customer purchasing power          for key product categories.
                                                          reduced.
                                                                                                               – Implementing our decarbonisation plan in line with stated
                                                                                                                 Sustainability Goals.




For personal use only
                         Business disruption     Operational challenges may arise in connection                – Maintaining, monitoring and, where required, strengthening
                                                 with unexpected events, pandemics or epidemics,                 internal controls designed to reduce the potential impact
                         Trade is severely       severe weather events and other natural                         of business disruption, including resilience, response and
                         restricted or disrupted hazards, cyber-attacks including ransomware,                    recovery controls such as business continuity plans.
                         for an extended period transformation risks related to adapting to                    – Maintaining effective cyber security controls, including
                                                 new business models, new technology, critical
                                                 infrastructure failures, and issues with the                    ongoing training and awareness.
                                                 reliability of aged technology.                               – Actively monitoring and aiming to prevent and protect
                                                                                                                 against cyber threats.
                                                          Such events can cause sudden cessation of day-
                                                          to-day operations.                                   – Maturing and investing in our cyber security practices,
                                                                                                                 policies, processes, standards, tools and controls.
                                                                                                               – Strengthening governance through oversight by
                                                                                                                 management’s Cyber Security Committee.
                                                                                                               – Protecting facilities from fires and natural disasters through
                                                                                                                 a combination of advanced safety measures which include
                                                                                                                 fire detection and suppression systems; emergency plans,
                                                                                                                 training and drills; structural integrity; disaster preparedness;
                                                                                                                 and monitoring systems.
                                                                                                               – Maintaining and exercising business continuity plans in the
                                                                                                                 supply chain in concert with trade partners and insurance
                                                                                                                 underwriters to cover potential losses.
                                                                                                               – Having in place a property management and site
                                                                                                                 maintenance services program, supported by regular site
                                                                                                                 inspections.
                                                                                                               – Making strategic investments and undertaking planning to
                                                                                                                 enhance cyber security and reduce technology debt.
                                                                                                               – Offering alternative trading channels such as Click & Collect
                                                                                                                 and home delivery to maintain customer access during
                                                                                                                 disruptions.


                         Legal & regulatory               With operations in three jurisdictions, the Group    – Having in place health and safety policies, standards,
                         compliance and                   is subject to a wide range of legal and regulatory     procedures, engineering controls, training and minimum
                                                          requirements relating to employment, product           personal protective, equipment and maintenance standards.
                         change                           quality and safety, health and safety, privacy and
                                                          data, competition and consumer protection,           – Promoting a culture of accountability, compliance and
                         Material breach of               anti-bribery and corruption, and anti-money            transparency.
                         law or regulation                laundering (amongst others).
                                                                                                               – Maintaining comprehensive and tailored training and
                                                          Any material breach of law or regulation may           awareness programs, including team member compliance
                                                          attract fines or other penalties.                      and code of conduct training programs that focus on key legal
                                                                                                                 and other requirements.
                                                          To maintain our “licence to operate” we must
                                                          also remain compliant with changing and existing     – Maintaining currency of employment agreements and
                                                          law and regulations requiring ongoing monitoring       disciplinary processes.
                                                          by the business.
                                                                                                               – Actively monitoring proposed and actual changes to
                                                          Adverse changes to existing law or regulation          regulation/legislation and their impact to the Group.
                                                          or regulator investigation or intervention may
                                                          change or restrict the Group’s ability to operate
                                                          the way it does today or to implement its
                                                          strategy.



                        (1) Further detail on our climate risks is provided on page 38.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                       38




For personal use only
                        Climate
                        Climate change presents material risks and opportunities for our business. It impacts our supply chain, operations,
                        customers, team members and communities. We are actively contributing to the transition to a low-carbon economy.
                        In FY24, we enhanced our disclosures and alignment to the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures in our
                        Annual Report across the four key pillars of Governance; Strategy; Risk Management; and Metrics and Targets. We also
                        disclosed our development of a roadmap and work program to support our initial adoption of the mandatory climate-
                        focused Australian Sustainability Reporting Standards (ASRS) (AASB S2 Climate-related Disclosures) which will apply from
                        FY26.
                        Our program of work in FY25 has been focused on increasing our understanding of the risks and opportunities climate
                        change presents for our business, as well as reducing our impact on the environment. We look forward to reporting under
                        AASB S2 in FY26.
                        Mandatory climate-related reporting will provide our shareholders, customers, team members and communities with
                        information about the material climate-related risks and opportunities facing the Group, and how we are responding to
                        these challenges and impacts.

                        GOVERNANCE
                        Board oversight                          in relation to the integrity of the      financial reporting standards
                                                                 Group’s financial management,            and other financial reporting
                        The Board is responsible for
                                                                 reporting, internal control and          pronouncements and for assessing
                        overseeing the Company’s strategy
                                                                 disclosure systems. The Board Risk       their impact on the Company and its
                        and approach to managing
                                                                 and Sustainability Committee (BRSC)      financial reports. The BRSC reviews
                        sustainability and climate-related
                                                                 assists the Board in the discharge of    and makes recommendations to the
                        risks and opportunities for the
                                                                 its risk management, compliance,         Board on significant sustainability
                        Group. The Board Audit Committee
                                                                 sustainability and corporate             related reports, as well as the
                        (BAC) assists the Board to discharge
                                                                 governance responsibilities.             disclosure of material business risks
                        its responsibilities in relation
                                                                                                          and material public disclosures
                        to the Group’s audit, external           The BAC and the BRSC work
                                                                                                          made under external sustainability
                        financial reporting, including new       collaboratively on ESG-related
                                                                                                          reporting frameworks and standards.
                        sustainability reporting standards       reporting matters. The BAC is
                        and financial governance. It makes       responsible for reviewing new or         The Board skills matrix was
                        recommendations to the Board             proposed changes to the Australian       updated in FY25 to incorporate
                        39                                                           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25

                         Board Members’ understanding              Sustainability, including climate, is   STRATEGY
                         of the key environmental risks            discussed in quarterly ELT meetings.
                         and opportunities in the retail and       Working groups are in place across      Super Retail Group’s strategic
                         consumer goods sector and the             the business, focused on the            climate-related priorities focus on
                         implications of climate change.           implementation and delivery of          decarbonising our operations and
                         Details of the Board composition,         the Company’s sustainability goals      value chain, building our climate
                         skills and experience, including          and climate priorities. In FY25, the    resilience and reporting our
                         a summary of the key skills and           emissions working group was merged      progress.
                         experience of current Directors           with the newly formed ASRS working      Decarbonisation of our operations
                         against the Board skills matrix, are      group, which not only focuses on        and value chain means implementing
                         provided in the Company’s Corporate       mandatory sustainability reporting      emissions reduction initiatives across
                         Governance Statement, which is            under ASRS, but also decarbonising      our property network, supplier base
                         available on our website.                 our operations and building climate     and customer offering. In FY25,
                                                                   resilience. The ASRS working group is   we have continued to increase
                         Climate-related risks and
                                                                   a collaborative and cross-functional    our understanding of our total
                         opportunities are considered
                                                                   working group spanning each area        greenhouse gas emissions inventory.
                         as part of the Board’s biannual
                                                                   of the business. Working groups         The majority of our emissions are
                         strategy sessions with the
                                                                   meet periodically and matters that      indirect (i.e. Scopes 2 and 3) with
                         Executive Leadership Team (ELT).
                                                                   require decision or approval are        Scope 3 being the most material.
                         Progress toward the Group’s 2030
                                                                   escalated to the ELT as appropriate.    Using spend-based estimates we




For personal use only
                         Sustainability Framework, which
                                                                   The ELT and working groups receive      have focused on understanding the
                         includes climate-related goals and
                                                                   advice and support from the Group’s     most material Scope 3 categories
                         targets, has been reported in our
                                                                   sustainability team.                    to our businesses. Strategies and
                         FY25 Responsible Business Report,
                         which is also available on our            RISK MANAGEMENT                         actions to reduce or avoid emissions
                         website.                                                                          predominantly require partnership
                                                                   The Board sets the risk appetite for    with our suppliers and lessors.
                         Management’s Role                         the Group, monitors material risks
                                                                   (both positive and negative) faced by   Decarbonising our operations
                         At a management level, the Group
                                                                   the Company, and reviews how these      As a Group, we have committed to
                         MD and CEO is responsible for the
                                                                   risks are managed. The Group’s risks,   a net zero Scope 1 and 2 emissions
                         overall execution of the Group’s
                                                                   including climate, are identified,      target by 2030. Of total Scope 1
                         strategy, which includes sustainability
                                                                   assessed and managed in accordance      and 2 emissions, Scope 1 emissions
                         as a key enabler of value. Climate
                                                                   with our Risk Management                make up approximately 2 per cent
                         is one of the five focus areas of the
                                                                   Policy and Risk and Compliance          while Scope 2 emissions make up
                         2030 Sustainability Framework which
                                                                   Management Framework (RCMF), for        the balance. Our most material
                         sets out our goals, commitments
                                                                   which the Board is accountable.         source of Scope 2 emissions relates
                         and targets. The Group MD and CEO
                         reports sustainability progress to the    The Board is assisted by the BRSC       to electricity used by our stores,
                         Board, including the progress toward      in its oversight of the RCMF. The       distribution centres and support
                         the Group’s climate-related goals and     BRSC conducts an annual review          offices. Our Scope 2 emissions
                         targets.                                  and makes recommendations to            reduction plan focuses on improving
                                                                   the Board on the RCMF to satisfy        energy efficiency and sourcing
                         The Group MD and CEO has                                                          renewable energy.
                                                                   itself that the framework continues
                         delegated specific responsibilities
                                                                   to be sound and that the Group          We continue to invest to make our
                         for climate-related risks and
                                                                   is operating with due regard to         property portfolio more energy
                         opportunities to members of the ELT
                                                                   the Board-approved Risk Appetite        efficient and reduce the amount
                         as follows:
                                                                   Statement.                              of power sourced from the grid.
                         •   the Chief Operating Officer
                                                                   Material risks are reported twice       However, energy savings from
                             has responsibility for reporting                                              energy efficiency improvements
                                                                   a year to the BRSC and the ELT.
                             on the 2030 Sustainability                                                    are expected to be offset by
                                                                   Climate change transition and
                             Framework including climate­                                                  increases resulting from the planned
                                                                   physical impacts of climate change
                             related goals and targets;                                                    expansion of our store network.
                                                                   are identified as material risks.
                         •   the Chief Financial Officer           Members of the ELT are individually     We recognise that we will need to
                             has responsibility for material       responsible for the implementation      procure renewable energy over
                             climate transition and physical       of the RCMF in their brand or           the next four years to meet our net
                             risks and direct responsibility       division. The ELT meets regularly to    zero target. Our partnership with
                             for Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions        collectively evaluate and prioritise    our energy management services
                             management and for the                material and Group-wide risks,          provider has been renewed in FY25,
                             implementation of climate and         including climate-related risks and     and in FY26 we will further develop
                             sustainability-related financial      opportunities.                          our renewable energy procurement
                             reporting; and                                                                strategy.
                                                                   Further details are included in the
                         •   the brand Managing Directors          Company’s Corporate Governance          The energy efficiency of our
                             have accountability for               Statement and in the Risk section of    distribution network is an important
                             managing climate-related risks        this Annual Report.                     component of our Scope 2
                             and opportunities as they relate                                              emissions management. In FY25, we
                             to the relevant brand strategies                                              commenced the phased transition
                             and operations.                                                               to our new automated distribution
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                            40




For personal use only
                        centre located in Truganina, Victoria,   national and regional government          plans, and supporting our customers
                        which replaces two older distribution    commitments to decarbonise                with initiatives to reduce Scope 3
                        centres. The new distribution centre     the national electricity grid in the      emissions associated with the use
                        has been designed to achieve 5 Star      countries we operate in and evaluate      and disposal of products.
                        Green Star Buildings, and includes       the impact on our renewable energy
                                                                                                           In FY25, we validated our
                        a 1.55MWp solar power system, EV         procurement plan.
                                                                                                           understanding of the primary
                        charging bays and water capture
                                                                 Strategies and activities to reduce       sources of our most material and
                        and storage.
                                                                 Scope 1 emissions have been               relevant Scope 3 emissions. We
                        We face Scope 2 emissions reduction      identified and are planned for roll out   engaged an external consultant
                        challenges linked to the capacity        from FY26. These include a tenancy        to assist in calculating preliminary
                        and commitment of our lessors            fitout specification which articulates    emissions estimates, using the
                        to reduce emissions through              energy efficiency and fuel source         spend-based methodology under the
                        renewable energy generation and          requirements for all new stores to        Greenhouse Gas Protocol, for our
                        procurement. Approximately one-          move away from natural gas and LPG;       most material and relevant Scope 3
                        fifth of our current store network is    the transition to electric powered        emissions categories. This included
                        centre-based and relies on lessor-led    material handling equipment across        an emissions profile for each of our
                        renewable energy solutions. Our          all distribution centres; and reviewing   suppliers in the relevant category
                        property team negotiates to include      the operating vehicle fleet strategy in   and insights into their climate
                        energy efficient initiatives under       FY26 for low/zero emissions vehicle       actions. This will facilitate supplier
                        our leasing arrangements, such as        options.                                  engagement and improve both
                        LED lighting, solar panels (where                                                  the quality of our emissions data
                                                                 Decarbonising our value chain
                        possible) and the implementation                                                   and strategies to reduce and avoid
                        of Building Management Systems to        Super Retail Group recognises             emissions in our supply chain.
                        control lighting and HVAC systems        decarbonisation of our value chain
                                                                                                           The Group’s Scope 3 emissions
                        operations.                              is critical to transitioning to a low
                                                                                                           are predominantly sourced from
                                                                 carbon economy and reducing the
                        Our emissions reduction plan relies                                                purchased goods in our supply chain
                                                                 impacts of climate change. The
                        on the procurement of renewable                                                    (Category 1), arising from upstream
                                                                 primary source of emissions in
                        energy. Potential volatility in both                                               activities in the production of our
                                                                 our value chain are from Scope 3
                        supply and cost of low-carbon energy                                               brand’s inventory, as well as from
                                                                 emissions. Management is focused
                        in combination with our continued
                                                                 on measuring and improving the
                        property network growth may impact
                                                                 quality of our Scope 3 emissions
                        our ability to deliver on our plan.
                                                                 data, engaging with our suppliers to      Image: rebel’s sponsorship at
                        We continue to monitor changes to
                                                                 understand their decarbonisation          Sydney’s iconic City2Surf event.
                        41                                                             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25



                         the downstream activities related        Climate resilience                       technology. Climate scenarios are
                         to the use and disposal of products                                               hypothetical and are not intended
                                                                  Acting on our climate-related
                         purchased by our customers                                                        to represent a full and definite
                                                                  responsibilities and building climate
                         (Categories 11 and 12).                                                           description of the future, but rather
                                                                  resilience will deliver and sustain
                                                                                                           to highlight the key factors that could
                         Total Scope 3 emissions across           long-term value for our shareholders.
                                                                                                           drive future developments.
                         our value chain are expected to          Building climate resilience means
                         comprise over 95 per cent of our                                                  In FY24, we undertook quantitative
                                                                  understanding, developing, and
                         total emissions inventory. We expect                                              climate scenario analysis to better
                                                                  testing our strategic responses to
                         Scope 3 emissions from purchased                                                  understand the financial impact
                                                                  climate risks and opportunities,
                         goods and services to comprise over                                               of those climate-related risks and
                                                                  including:
                         50 per cent of our total emissions                                                opportunities considered to be a
                         inventory and Scope 3 emissions          •   climate scenario analysis to         priority to the business as identified
                         from the use and disposal of sold            challenge and develop our            through our qualitative analysis. In
                         products to comprise over 45 per             understanding of our climate         FY25 we have focused on extending
                         cent of our total emissions inventory.       priorities;                          our understanding of the climate-
                                                                                                           related risks and opportunities
                         Global value chains are complex, and     •   the identification of
                                                                                                           facing our business and where
                         measurement of Scope 3 emissions             concentrations of climate-
                                                                                                           those risks and opportunities may




For personal use only
                         involves considerable judgements             related risks and opportunities
                                                                                                           have a material impact. We have
                         and use of estimations. We are               across the Group’s value chain;
                                                                                                           commenced a double materiality
                         continuously working to improve          •   developing transition plans          assessment to confirm which
                         the quality of our Scope 3 emissions         which capture opportunities and      sustainability (including climate)
                         data.                                        manage risks of transition to a      matters are most material to the
                                                                      low-emissions economy; and           Group and its stakeholders, and
                         In FY26, we will:
                                                                                                           where relevant we will update our
                         •   continue to improve the quality
                                                                  •   mitigating physical impacts of
                                                                                                           qualitative assessment of climate-
                                                                      climate change by understanding
                             of our Scope 3 emissions data                                                 related risks and opportunities. We
                                                                      and responding to physical
                             for our most material Scope 3                                                 have performed a mapping of our
                                                                      changes in our operating
                             categories including sourcing                                                 value chain and commenced a supply
                                                                      environment.
                             primary data and supplier                                                     chain risk assessment to identify
                             specific information where           Climate scenario analysis                concentrations of climate-related
                             available;                                                                    risks and opportunities within our
                                                                  Scenario analysis is a strategic
                                                                                                           supply chain and further challenge
                         •   continue the assessment of           decision-making tool used to assess
                                                                                                           and test our resilience to climate
                             the emissions profiles and           the implications of climate-related
                                                                                                           change. Emerging themes from this
                             climate actions of our suppliers     risks and opportunities and test
                                                                                                           risk assessment remain consistent
                             and commence supplier                our resilience, allowing for the
                                                                                                           with our current understanding
                             engagement;                          uncertainty of climate change and a
                                                                                                           of our priority climate-related
                                                                  range of plausible futures.
                         •   calculate preliminary emissions                                               risks and opportunities with the
                             estimates for other relevant         Scenario analysis is not a forecast.     addition of the potential increasing
                             non-material Scope 3 categories;     Future outcomes of climate-              risk around passthrough of costs
                             and                                  related impacts may differ from          from carbon-intensive suppliers
                                                                  the scenarios for many reasons           where exposed to carbon prices.
                         •   commence the development of          including, but not limited to, changes   This transition risk if considered a
                             a Scope 3 emissions reduction        to scientific data, government           priority will undergo quantitative
                             plan including strategies to both    and regulator policy, market and         scenario analysis. We will continue
                             reduce and avoid emissions.          consumer expectations, and               to assess the anticipated effects


                        Climate scenarios                                                                     Increase in global average
                                                                                                              temperature by 2100
                        Low emissions – rapid transition to net zero by 2050                                                 1.5C
                        Moderate emissions – delayed transition to net zero by 2070                                          2-3C
                        High emissions – business as usual                                                                   >4C
                        Time horizons                                                                                        Year
                        Short term – aligned to current strategic planning cycle                                       next 1 – 3 years
                        Medium term – aligned to current mid-term policy initiatives and targets                         out to 2030
                        Long term – aligned with global long-term net-zero targets                                       out to 2050
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                   42



                        of material climate-related risks         the Group’s corporate strategy. Other         predicted to heighten. Transition
                        and opportunities on the Group’s          risk management activities in relation        impacts are expected to be most
                        performance over the short, medium        to climate-related risks are set out          likely under a Low Emissions scenario
                        and long term.                            in the Risk section of this Annual            (approximate increase in global
                                                                  Report.                                       average temperature by 2100 of
                        Our quantitative climate scenario
                        analysis assesses our climate             Transition risk                               1.5C).
                        resilience against three emissions                                                      Super Retail Group carefully monitors
                                                                  Transitional climate-related
                        scenarios, underpinned by scientific                                                    the Group’s exposure to changes to
                                                                  risk themes identified from our
                        data, over three time horizons.
                                                                  FY24 scenario analysis include                our risk landscape such as regulatory
                        Quantitative scenario analysis helps
                                                                  changes in technology, changes in             and policy requirements, consumer
                        us understand the potential impact
                                                                  consumer preferences and spending             demand and investor expectations.
                        of climate change on our business
                                                                  behaviours, changes to government             We actively assess changes to our
                        and the resilience of our strategy in
                                                                  policy (such as accelerated emissions         operating environment to be flexible
                        the short, medium and long term.
                                                                  reductions policy), and legal                 in our business model to adapt to
                        Our strategic responses to these
                                                                  requirements.                                 potential transitional impacts and
                        risks and opportunities are guided
                        by the outcomes of our various            Transition impacts will be most               opportunities.




For personal use only
                        climate scenarios to date as well as      acutely felt in the medium to long­
                        our 2030 Sustainability Framework,        term (2030-2050) where policy,
                        our emissions reduction plans and         market, and consumer changes are

                        Our priority transition risks and opportunities:

                         Risk theme                              Risk context                               Risk management
                         Growth in the electric vehicles (EV) Faster-than-expected growth in the            -   Regularly update our detailed
                         market (Supercheap Auto)             uptake of electric vehicles within the            analysis of the car parc in Australia
                                                                 Australian market may impact existing          and New Zealand to understand
                         Climate scenario: Low emissions         demand for parts and products suitable         where opportunities lie in core and
                                                                 only for internal combustion engine            new categories which support a low
                         Time horizon: Medium (2030) to
                                                                 (ICE) vehicles.                                emissions car parc.
                         Long term (2050)
                                                                 Rapid or sudden uptake could occur
                         Financial impact: Revenue               where government policy and/or
                                                                                                            -   Frequently monitor regulatory and
                                                                                                                legislative changes.
                                                                 consumer demand shift toward low-
                                                                 emissions vehicles, resulting in reduced   -   Diversify our product range and
                                                                 demand for ICE products from our               supplier base to provide appropriate
                                                                 Supercheap Auto business.                      product range coverage of both ICE
                                                                                                                vehicles and EVs.
                                                                 OPPORTUNITY – Leverage our scale
                                                                 and expertise to respond to emerging       -   Seek opportunities and partnerships
                                                                 customer needs by leading in our               aligned to the transition to a low-
                                                                 offering of products and services              emissions economy.
                                                                 suitable for low-emissions vehicles.


                         Unplanned electricity price rises       Unexpected electricity price rises and   -     Implement our emissions reduction
                         and grid instability (Group)            grid instability may result from changes       plan, including improving the energy
                                                                 to Australia’s electricity market as it        efficiency of our built environment
                         Climate scenario: All emissions         accelerates the transition to renewable        by investing in energy-efficient
                                                                 energy or low-carbon technologies.             technology and upgrades and by
                         scenarios
                                                                 Our store and distribution networks may        partnering with lessors to implement
                         Time horizon: Medium (2030) to
                                                                 be impacted by increased operating             energy efficient initiatives.
                         Long term (2050)                        costs, increases in costs of goods and
                         Financial impact: Operating                                                      -     Monitor frequency of disruptions
                                                                 disruptions to operations.
                         expenses, capital expenditure                                                          to operations and effectiveness of
                                                                 OPPORTUNITY – Invest in and adopt              business continuity management
                                                                 renewable technologies and low-                plans.
                                                                 energy building modifications to reduce
                                                                                                            -   Monitor the concentration of risk
                                                                 emissions and improve the resilience of
                                                                                                                in the property portfolio and supply
                                                                 our store and distribution network.
                                                                                                                chain and adjust where appropriate.
                                                                                                            -   Invest in low-energy and resilient
                                                                                                                buildings.
                        43                                                                SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25



                         Physical risk
                         Physical risks, both acute and chronic,        Physical impacts on the Group may        The Group is focused on improving
                         include increased severity and/or              occur under all three scenarios          the resilience of our property
                         frequency of extreme weather events            but are the highest in terms of          portfolio and our supply chain by
                         such as floods, storms and bushfires,          both likelihood and consequence          understanding the impact of weather
                         an increase in extreme heat days or            under the High Emissions scenario        events and the concentration of
                         change in precipitation levels, and the        (approximate increase in global          risk in geographical areas to allow
                         potential for water scarcity or other          average temperature by 2100 >4C)         appropriate risk management and
                         ecological crises.                             and over the long-term (2050).           strategic responses.

                         Our priority physical risks and opportunities are:

                             Risk theme                             Risk context                              Risk management
                             Disrupted operations and trade         Super Retail Group is exposed to          - Maintaining effective emergency
                             (Group)                                risk from increasing severity and/          response and business continuity
                                                                    or frequency of extreme weather             management plans which




For personal use only
                             Climate scenario: All emission         events, such as floods, storms,             support our business resilience.
                             scenarios. Most significant under a    bushfires, hot days, drought etc.,
                                                                                                              - Maintaining a robust health and
                             high emissions scenario.               with the potential to:
                                                                                                                safety management system and
                             Time horizon: All time horizons.       - damage physical assets
                                                                                                                building compliance program.
                             Most significant in the long term           and disrupt our store and
                             (2050).                                     distribution network.                - Investing in omni-channel
                             Financial impact: Revenue,                                                         capabilities to meet customer
                                                                    -      disrupt our supply chain.
                             operating costs, capital expenditure                                               needs in the event of physical
                                                                    -      reduce operating efficiency.         trade disruptions.
                                                                    -      increase operating and             - Identifying and managing sites
                                                                           insurance costs.                     susceptible to increased risk of
                                                                                                                natural hazards.
                                                                    -      impact the health, safety and
                                                                           wellbeing of team members,         - Monitoring the concentration of
                                                                           customers, suppliers and             risk in the property network and
                                                                           communities.                         supply chain subject to weather-
                                                                                                                related influences and adjust
                                                                                                                where appropriate.


                         METRICS AND TARGETS                            emissions reduction during FY25,        renewable energy procurement,
                                                                        however, includes a 22 per cent         to align with the market-based
                         We are committed to our 2030                   reduction in Scope 1 and Scope 2        reporting methodology.
                         Sustainability Framework and our               greenhouse gas emissions applying
                         strategic climate-related priorities                                                   The measurement of Scope 2
                                                                        location-based reporting compared
                         of decarbonising our operations                                                        emissions using the market-based
                                                                        to our FY17 base year.
                         and value chain; building climate                                                      method resulted in a 1 per cent
                         resilience; and reporting.                     In FY25, our Scope 2 emissions have     reduction compared to the location-
                                                                        been reported using both market-        based method. Due to New Zealand’s
                         Emissions from our Australian                  based and location-based methods        low-emissions electricity grid, Scope
                         operations are reported to the Clean           for the first time. The market-         2 emissions under the location-based
                         Energy Regulator annually, under               based reporting methodology will        method for this region accounted
                         the National Greenhouse and Energy             become the primary measure for          for less than 1 per cent of our total
                         Reporting scheme, established by               assessing performance against           Scope 2 emissions. Furthermore,
                         the National Greenhouse and Energy             Scope 2 emissions metrics and           in New Zealand renewable energy
                         Reporting Act 2007 (Cth).
                                                                        targets in future. By doing so we       is predominantly sourced, with
                         The Group’s total electricity usage            can acknowledge the reduced             Supercheap Auto and Macpac
                         increased by 5 per cent in FY25 to             environmental impacts through           procuring the majority of their
                         90,005 MWh. Electricity usage was              proactive choices in renewable          electricity—covering stores, offices,
                         impacted by the expansion of our               energy procurement for electricity.     and distribution centres—from
                         store network, including the addition          We are currently refreshing our         Meridian’s 100 per cent Certified
                         of new stores and the refurbishment,           emissions reduction plan which          Renewable Energy product. As a
                         relocation and extension of existing           targets net zero Scope 1 and 2          result of applying the market-based
                         store footprints. Progress towards             emissions by 2030, including            method, Scope 2 emissions in
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                      44



                        New Zealand now represent less                   lighting operations. Our property          remuneration outcomes as it relates
                        than 0.5 per cent of our total Scope 2           teams also collaborated with a             to our ELT and Senior Leadership
                        emissions.                                       number of landlords to install             Team (SLT) short-term incentive
                                                                         rooftop solar as part of lease renewal     plans. Performance against the
                        Super Retail Group continues to
                                                                         negotiations. Fit out of new stores        Sustainability Framework is reviewed
                        invest in improving the energy
                                                                         and refurbishments also included           each six months with ELT and SLT
                        efficiency of its property network.
                                                                         energy efficient lighting and other        performance outcomes evaluated
                        Since FY24, a dedicated team has
                                                                         systems where possible. In FY26, the       annually. More information on the
                        been focused on rolling out energy
                                                                         Company has implemented a new
                        efficiency initiatives and supporting                                                       Sustainability (ESG) performance
                                                                         building services fit-out specification,
                        in-store teams to better manage                                                             outcomes for FY25 relating to the
                                                                         setting minimum energy efficiency
                        electricity consumption. Since                                                              Group MD and CEO and other
                                                                         expectations for all new stores.
                        then, the team has delivered 90                                                             Executive KMP is shown in Tables 3
                        initiatives, representing a total                Sustainability goals and targets,          and 4 of the Remuneration Report.
                        investment of $2.8 million, with                 including climate-related targets
                        a focus on LED lighting upgrades,                and performance metrics, are               Further details are contained in
                        installation of small-scale rooftop              incorporated into business planning        the Company’s FY25 Responsible
                        solar systems, and upgrades to                   at a brand and divisional level. This      Business Report and Sustainability
                        Building Management Systems to                   includes target setting, measurement       Data Pack, which is available on our




For personal use only
                        enhance the efficiency of HVAC and               and assessment linked to executive         website.




                        Image: Llewellyn Murdoch, Kim Ladiges and Daniel Joll
                        climbing in Patagonia.
                        45                                                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25




For personal use only
                        Our team
                        Committed to creating a safe            Wellbeing programs: In FY25, 6,259       other forms of harassment decreased
                        workplace                               team members participated in the         by 27 per cent compared to the
                                                                I Am Here program, which equips          previous year. Overall, less than
                        Super Retail Group is committed to      individuals with practical tools         0.3 per cent of our workforce was
                        the health and safety of our team       to confidently offer support and         reportedly affected by inappropriate
                        members, customers and business         signpost help to colleagues in need.     conduct, reflecting the positive
                        partners, and we continuously strive                                             impact of our ongoing prevention
                                                                We also introduced a new Employee
                        to improve our performance in this                                               and education initiatives.
                                                                Assistance Program (EAP) provider
                        area.                                   offering expanded services. Since the    Maintaining high team member
                        In FY25, we reduced our Total           launch, 57 per cent of team members      engagement
                        Recordable Injury Frequency Rate        have activated the program, using
                                                                self-help resources and safety           Our leaders remain focused on the
                        (TRIFR) to 12.1 — a 17 per cent                                                  act of listening and responding to
                        improvement against the FY24 result     notifications. Support services, such
                                                                as medical triage or mental health       what drives our team’s engagement.
                        of 14.5. This progress reflects the                                              The Group’s engagement score
                                                                support have been utilised by 29
                        impact of targeted manual handling                                               remained steady at 81 in both the
                                                                per cent of team members. EAP
                        initiatives designed to minimise        utilisation has increased ninefold,      October 2024 and March 2025
                        physical strain and strengthen early    driven by simplified access and strong   engagement surveys, two points
                        intervention practices. Key actions     leadership support through I Am          above the benchmark, indicating
                        included reducing lift weight limits,   Here training.                           strong team member engagement.
                        implementing stretching and warm-                                                Both surveys achieved a participation
                        up routines, rotating tasks to avoid    Respect@Work                             rate of 78 per cent, the highest since
                        repetitive strain, using mechanical     The Group remains committed to           October 2023.
                        aids, encouraging regular check-        fostering a safe, respectful and         Two questions were introduced in
                        ins for signs of discomfort, and        inclusive workplace. Building on         the October 2024 survey focused on
                        promoting early access to medical       the core principles of the Respect       safety prioritisation and leadership,
                        support.                                at Work legislation, we broadened        reflecting our strategic emphasis
                                                                our approach to encompass forms          on safety. In March 2025, five
                        Responding to retail crime: We          of serious misconduct, including         questions were added regarding
                        support our team through enhanced       bullying, harassment, discrimination,    gender equality, aligning with our
                        training and investing in technology    sexual harassment and victimisation.     commitment to inclusion.
                        to support prevention, detection, and
                                                                In FY25, we achieved a 32 per cent       Supporting gender equality
                        evidence gathering. Our approach is     reduction in complaints related to
                        aligned with broader retail industry                                             through fair and equitable
                                                                serious misconduct, marking the          remuneration
                        efforts, and we continue to support     first year-on-year decline since the
                        Government-led initiatives, such as     introduction of Respect@Work.            Super Retail Group remains
                        the removal of high-risk items like     Findings that specifically related       committed to achieving diversity in
                        machete knives from sale in selected    to sexual harassment, bullying,          leadership and gender equality across
                        Australian stores.                      discrimination, victimisation, and       the organisation. We continue
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                 46


                         Total Recordable               Team member                      Female                            Female
                         Injury Frequency               engagement                       representation:                   representation:
                         Rate (TRIFR)                                                    Board                             executive


                         12.1          Improvement
                                       from 14.5 in
                                       FY24             81        October 2024 and
                                                                  March 2025             50%                               33%
                         Female                         I Am Here program                Hours of voluntary                 Hours of technical
                         representation:                completions                      learning                           training
                         senior leadership


                         41%                            6,259              45%
                                                                           increase
                                                                           on FY24       128,000 60,500
                         SOULfutures for                Retail Leaders                   Senior Leadership
                         Women program                  program                          development participants
                         participants                   participants




For personal use only
                         95                             80                               65        Personal leadership, team member experience, and
                                                                                                   strategic delivery development programs




                         to invest in leadership skills and        Throughout FY25, the Group made            experience and strategic delivery
                         future capability through targeted        meaningful progress in delivering the      development programs. Eighty Area,
                         programs.                                 commitments outlined in the plan.          Regional and Distribution Centre
                                                                   Highlights from the RAP’s first year       leaders participated in the Group’s
                         Super Retail Group is proud to
                                                                   include partnerships with Clontarf         retail leadership development
                         hold the Employer of Choice for
                                                                   and Stars Foundation, expanding            program, designed to empower our
                         Gender Equality citation, issued by
                                                                   online resources for our team and          retail leaders with purpose, clarity
                         the Australian Workplace Gender
                                                                   deepening community connections            and capability.
                         Equality Agency (WGEA) for 2023-
                                                                   in Townsville, Cairns and Truganina.
                         2025. In FY25, female representation                                                 The Group maintained compliance
                                                                   During National Reconciliation Week
                         was 50 per cent at Board level, 33                                                   and safety awareness through
                                                                   2025, we held our first Group-wide
                         per cent at the executive level, and                                                 the delivery of 37 mandatory
                                                                   event on First Nations learning,
                         41 per cent amongst senior leaders.                                                  learning modules, reinforcing our
                                                                   featuring Torres Strait Islander leader
                         The Group is committed to the goal                                                   commitment to a safe, skilled, and
                                                                   Ed Monaei OAM and stories from
                         of 40:40:20 representation in Board,                                                 future-ready workforce.
                                                                   Indigenous team members.
                         executive and senior leadership
                         positions (40 per cent identifying as     In New Zealand, Macpac began its           A new Enterprise Agreement for
                         female, 40 per cent identifying as        cultural competency journey with Te        our Group Supply Chain team
                         male, and 20 per cent identifying         Tiriti o Waitangi education for senior     In FY25, our team voted on and
                         as any gender), however we have           leaders, incorporated Māori design         endorsed a new Group Supply Chain
                         extended the target date to 2028          and language at conferences, and           Enterprise Agreement (EA). More
                         given current system limitations.         celebrated Matariki in stores for the      than 77 per cent of team members
                                                                   first time.                                who voted supported the agreement,
                         In March 2025, the Workplace
                         Gender Equality Agency (WGEA)             Investing in talent, leadership            which offers improvements including
                         published Gender Pay Gaps for             and learning                               a 12 per cent rate increase over
                         the second time. The Group was                                                       three years, a one-off payment of at
                                                                   Team members engaged in more               least $1,050 paid in November 2024,
                         recognised as being well-positioned
                                                                   than 128,000 hours of voluntary            weekly rostering including overtime
                         with a total average remuneration
                                                                   learning and 60,500 hours of               calculations, new role classifications,
                         Gender Pay Gap (GPG) of 3.2 per
                                                                   technical training. Additionally, our      higher duties clauses, more clarity
                         cent. The Group’s GPG is less than
                                                                   accredited programs have enabled           for paid leave during peak need
                         the national GPG of 21.8 per cent
                                                                   185 team members to pursue retail          periods and enhanced redundancy
                         and less than the retail industry mid-
                                                                   qualifications, with 68 earning a          entitlements. Approved by the Fair
                         point average total gender pay gap of
                                                                   Certificate III in Retail Operations,      Work Commission on 19 December
                         10.6 per cent.
                                                                   and 33 a Certificate IV in Retail          2024, the agreement took effect
                         Advancing reconciliation                  Management.                                on 29 December 2024, reinforcing
                         In June 2024, Super Retail Group          Ninety-five participants completed         our commitment to a safe, fair, and
                         launched its first Reconciliation         the leadership development program         equitable workplace.
                         Action Plan (RAP), marking a              for women (SOULfutures for Women)
                         significant milestone in fostering        and 65 senior leaders completed
                         more diverse and inclusive teams.         personal leadership, team member
                        47                                                                                   SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25


                              Board of
                              Directors




                        JUDITH SWALES                              ANTHONY HERAGHTY                           PETER EVERINGHAM                         ANNABELLE CHAPLAIN AM
                        Independent                                Group Managing Director                    Independent                              Independent
                        Non-Executive Chair                        and Chief Executive Officer                Non-Executive Director                   Non-Executive Director




For personal use only
                        Appointed                                  Appointed                                  Appointed                                Appointed
                        Director since 1 November 2021             20 February 2019                           19 December 2017                         31 March 2020
                        Chair since 24 October 2024
                                                                   Qualifications and experience              Committees                               Committees
                        Committees
                                                                   Anthony has more than 25 years’            Chair of the Board Human Resources       Chair of the Board Risk and
                        Chair of the Board Nomination              leadership experience across the           and Remuneration Committee               Sustainability Committee
                        Committee (since 25 October 2024)          retail, apparel, FMCG and marketing        (since 28 October 2020)                  (since 1 September 2023)
                                                                   services industries.
                        Member of the Board Human                                                             Member of the Board Risk and             Member of the Board Nomination
                        Resources and Remuneration                 Prior to his appointment as Group          Sustainability Committee                 Committee (since 1 July 2022)
                        Committee (since 25 October 2024)          Managing Director and Chief                (since 1 September 2023)
                                                                                                                                                       Qualifications and experience
                                                                   Executive Officer, Anthony was
                        Chair of the Board Audit Committee                                                    Qualifications and experience
                                                                   Managing Director – Outdoor                                                         Annabelle brings broad-ranging
                        (31 May 2024 – 24 October 2024)
                                                                   Retailing (2015-2019) where he was         Peter is an experienced executive        experience in financial services,
                        Member of the Board Audit                  responsible for the BCF, Rays and          with more than 25 years’ corporate       industrial and infrastructure services.
                        Committee (1 September 2023 –              Macpac businesses.                         experience, including 18 years           Her previous roles include Chair of
                        30 May 2024)                                                                          in senior executive roles in the         Queensland Airports Ltd and Director
                                                                   Anthony has served in a variety of
                                                                                                              digital sector. He was formerly          of Downer EDI Limited, Credible Labs
                        Member of the Board Risk and               senior roles including Group General
                                                                                                              Managing Director of SEEK Limited’s      Inc and EFIC (Australia’s export credit
                        Sustainability Committee (1                Manager of Underwear for Pacific
                                                                                                              International Division, and served as    agency).
                        September 2023 – 24 October 2024)          Brands Limited, where he led the
                                                                                                              a Non-Executive Director of iCar Asia
                                                                   overhaul of the Bonds business from                                                 Annabelle is a member of the
                        Qualifications and experience              a wholesale operation to an omni-
                                                                                                              Limited, WWF Australia, ME Bank and
                                                                                                                                                       Australian Ballet Board of Directors.
                                                                                                              education businesses: IDP Education,
                        Judith is a retail, sales, marketing and   retailer, Global Marketing Director for
                                                                                                              Online Education Services and THINK      She holds an MBA (University of
                        manufacturing professional who has         Foster’s Group Limited and Managing
                                                                                                              Education. Peter has also served as      Melbourne), a BA majoring in
                        more than 20 years’ experience in          Director for George Patterson and
                                                                                                              Chairman of SEEK’s China subsidiary,     Economics and Mandarin (Griffith
                        high profile, global, consumer facing      McCann Erickson.
                                                                                                              Zhaopin Limited. Prior to SEEK, Peter    University), a diploma from the
                        companies. Judith is the former Chief      Anthony holds a Bachelor of Business       was Director of Strategy for Yahoo! in   Securities Institute of Australia and
                        Executive Officer Global Markets at        from the Queensland University of          Australia and Southeast Asia.            is a Fellow of the Australian Institute
                        Fonterra.                                  Technology and is a graduate member                                                 of Company Directors. In 2016,
                                                                                                              Peter holds a Master of Business
                        Her previous roles include Managing        of the Australian Institute of Company                                              Griffith University conferred on her an
                                                                                                              Administration from IESE, a Bachelor
                        Director of Heinz Australia, Chief         Directors.                                                                          honorary doctorate for her service to
                                                                                                              of Economics from The University of
                        Executive Officer and Managing                                                                                                 banking, finance and the Gold Coast
                                                                                                              Sydney, and is a graduate member
                        Director of Goodyear Dunlop Tyres                                                                                              community.
                                                                                                              of the Australia Institute of Company
                        Australia and New Zealand, and                                                        Directors.                               Directorships of listed
                        Managing Director of Angus &                                                                                                   companies within past
                        Robertson/WH Smith Australia. She                                                     Directorships of listed                  three years
                        also previously served as a Non-                                                      companies within past
                        Executive Director of Foster’s, Virgin
                                                                                                              three years                              Director of Seven Group Holdings
                                                                                                                                                       Limited (since November 2015)
                        Australia and DuluxGroup.                                                             Director of Medibank Private Limited
                                                                                                              (since March 2022)                       Chairman of MFF Capital Investments
                        Judith holds a Bachelor of Science                                                                                             Limited (Director since May 2019 and
                        (Honours) in Microbiology and                                                                                                  Chairman since August 2019)
                        Virology (University of Warwick) and is
                        a graduate member of the Australian
                        Institute of Company Directors.
                            SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                            48




                        MARK O’HARE                              PENNY WINN                              COLIN STORRIE                             KATE BURLEIGH
                        Non-Executive Director                   Independent                             Independent                               Independent
                                                                 Non-Executive Director                  Non-Executive Director                    Non-Executive Director




For personal use only
                        Appointed                                Appointed                               Appointed                                 Appointed
                        4 April 2023                             1 December 2023                         1 September 2024                          11 November 2024
                        Committees                               Committees                              Committees                                Committees
                        Member of the Board Human                Member of the Board Audit               Chair of the Board Audit Committee        Member of the Board Risk &
                        Resources and Remuneration               Committee (since 31 May 2024)           (since 25 October 2024)                   Sustainability Committee
                        Committee (since 31 May 2024)                                                                                              (since 25 November 2024)
                                                                 Member of the Board Risk and            Member of the Board Audit
                        Member of the Board Audit                Sustainability Committee                Committee (1 September 2024 –             Member of the Board Nominations
                        Committee (since 1 September 2023)       (since 1 December 2023)                 24 October 2024)                          Committee (since 25 November 2024)
                        Qualifications and experience            Qualifications and experience           Qualifications and experience             Qualifications and experience
                        Mark O’Hare is an experienced            Penny is an experienced director        Colin has more than 20 years’             Kate has more than 25 years’
                        strategic business adviser with a        with deep understanding of the retail   experience in Board and executive         experience in Board and executive
                        long-standing advisory role supporting   and FMCG sectors. Penny previously      management roles at a range               leadership roles across the
                        Super Retail Group co-founder Reg        held Non-Executive Director roles       of leading Australian businesses          technology, telecommunications,
                        Rowe stretching back more than           with Goodman Limited, Coca-Cola         operating across the retail, financial    retail and consumer lifestyle sectors.
                        35 years.                                Amatil, Lux Group, Z Energy, The        services, aviation, travel, logistics     During her executive career, Kate was
                                                                 Amphora Group (Accolade Wines)          and technology sectors. During            most recently a member of Amazon’s
                        As a former partner with Grant
                                                                 and Quantium.                           his executive career Colin was the        global leadership team in her roles
                        Thornton, Mark has established
                                                                                                         Chief Financial Officer at both AMP       as the executive chair and Australia-
                        expertise in the areas of business       During her 30-year retail career,
                                                                                                         and Qantas, and the Deputy Chief          New Zealand country manager for
                        services and taxation. Having            Penny held executive leadership
                                                                                                         Financial Officer of the Woolworths       Amazon Alexa and New Technologies.
                        previously worked as a chartered         positions with Woolworths, Myer,
                                                                                                         Group, before leading a number of         Previously she spent two decades
                        accountant at Ernst & Young, Mark        Asda, and Big W, including roles
                                                                                                         its portfolio businesses. Colin is also   with Intel, including as Managing
                        had three decades with Grant             overseeing store operations, retail
                                                                                                         a director of Petstock, PFD Food          Director for Intel Australia and New
                        Thornton in the private business         management and end-to-end supply
                                                                                                         Services, North Queensland Airports       Zealand, responsible for Intel’s overall
                        tax and advisory practice. Mark          chain transformation. In her final
                                                                                                         and Quantium.                             business across the ANZ region. Prior
                        is the Chairman of the Re-Grow           executive position before moving
                                                                                                                                                   to that, Kate held sales and marketing
                        Capital Group Advisory Group and         into directorship roles, Penny was      Colin holds a Bachelor of Commerce,
                                                                                                                                                   leadership positions for Intel and the
                        a Non-executive Director of Sophia       Director of Group Retail Services       is a Fellow of the Australian Society
                                                                                                                                                   role of Asia-Pacific category manager
                        Education Ministries Limited.            for Woolworths, with responsibility     of CPAs and is a graduate member of
                                                                                                                                                   for Intel Centrino mobile technology.
                                                                 for online retailing, supply            the Australian Institute of Company
                        Mark completed a Bachelor of
                                                                 chain, technology, and customer         Directors.                                Kate is currently a director of Hollard
                        Commerce at the University of
                                                                 engagement.                                                                       Insurance Australia.
                        Queensland, is a Fellow Chartered                                                Directorships of listed
                        Accountant and is member of the          Penny holds a Bachelor of Commerce,     companies within past                     Kate holds a Masters of Business
                        Australian Institute of Company          Masters in Business Administration,     three years                               and Marketing from the University
                        Directors.                               and is a graduate member of the         Director of Endeavour Group               of Technology, Sydney, a Bachelor of
                                                                 Australian Institute of Company         (August 2019 – December 2023)             Arts from the University of Sydney, is
                                                                 Directors.                                                                        a Graduate of Australian Institute of
                                                                                                                                                   Company Directors and an elected
                                                                 Directorships of listed
                                                                                                                                                   member of Chief Executive Women.
                                                                 companies within past
                                                                 three years
                                                                 Director of Stockland Limited
                                                                 (since February 2025)

                                                                 Director of Endeavour Group
                                                                 (since March 2025)

                                                                 Director of Ampol Limited
                                                                 (November 2015 – May 2025)

                                                                 Director of CSR Limited
                                                                 (November 2015 - July 2024)
                        49                                               SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25



                        Executive
                        Leadership Team



                                 PAUL BRADSHAW
                                 Managing Director – BCF

                                 Paul joined Super Retail Group in December 2019 as Managing Director for BCF and brings deep retail
                                 expertise from more than 30 years in executive and management leadership roles at successful retailers
                                 in both Australia and internationally. After working in various managerial roles at Safeway in the United




For personal use only
                                 Kingdom, Paul joined Asda Stores working in regional and headquarters planning and strategy positions.
                                 Paul worked for nearly a decade with the Coles Group, holding a number of leadership positions including
                                 Group General Manager Store Development and Chief Store Operations Officer where he was responsible
                                 for creating and driving the operations strategy.



                                 DAVID BURNS
                                 Chief Financial Officer

                                 David joined Super Retail Group in December 2012 in the role of Chief Financial Officer. David has overall
                                 responsibility for the finance, investor relations, and property and store improvement portfolios. David
                                 holds a degree in Economics from the University of Sydney and is a FCPA. He has more than 30 years of
                                 finance experience in a number of industry sectors, and previously held senior management positions at
                                 Qantas, Spotless and Lend Lease.




                                 SU DUFFEY
                                 Chief Operating Officer

                                 Su joined Super Retail Group in July 2022 and as the Chief Operating Officer has responsibility for the
                                 group operating model, operating efficiency, HR operations, group risk, corporate affairs and sustainability.
                                 She has 30 years leadership experience in operating model, strategy, human resources, marketing, retail
                                 customer experience and transformation across a range of industries in Australia and New Zealand. Su
                                 holds a Master of Business Administration and a Bachelor of Arts (Politics and History), both from Victoria
                                 University of Wellington in New Zealand.




                                 KEVIN FIGUEIREDO
                                 Chief People and Safety Officer

                                 Kevin joined Super Retail Group in February 2020 as the General Manager of Health, Safety, Risk, and
                                 Sustainability. In January 2023, he was appointed to the Executive Leadership Team, where he led the
                                 health, safety, sustainability, and insurance functions. In November 2023, Kevin was appointed Chief
                                 People and Safety Officer. Kevin has held executive roles at Woolworths Group, Westpac, and Goodman
                                 Fielder. He holds a Bachelor of Chemistry and a Master of Safety from West Virginia University and is a
                                 Graduate of the Australian Institute of Company Directors. As a passionate advocate of people living with
                                 disability, Kevin has served on the Australian National Disability Board since 2006 and is also a strong
                                 supporter of mental health and suicide prevention initiatives.


                                 INGA KIRKMAN
                                 Acting Chief Legal Officer

                                 Inga joined Super Retail Group in February 2021 in the role of Senior Special Projects Counsel. She
                                 has since held roles including Senior Regulatory Counsel and General Manager, Group Secretariat and
                                 Corporate Legal. Inga assumed the role of Acting Chief Legal Officer in December 2023 and is responsible
                                 for leading the organisation’s legal, corporate governance and enterprise compliance functions. She has
                                 extensive experience in corporate and commercial law gained through 20 years private practice in Australia
                                 and the United Kingdom in corporate litigation acting for major domestic and international finance
                                 institutions and blue-chip corporates. Inga holds a Bachelor of Laws and a Bachelor of Science.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                   50



                                             MANDY ROSS
                                             Chief Information and Digital Officer

                                             Mandy is an experienced IT and digital executive with expertise in technology delivery, digital
                                             transformation, IT and cyber governance, and contemporary IT operating models. She joined Super Retail
                                             Group in October 2021. For the 15 years prior, Mandy held CIO roles with some of Australia’s largest
                                             ASX-listed organisations including Tabcorp, Tatts Group and Wotif Group. In these roles Mandy traversed
                                             customer centric strategy delivery, digital maturity acceleration, IT and cyber resilience programs, M&A
                                             integrations, and value optimisation.




                                             RORY SCOTT
                                             Chief Strategy and Customer Officer

                                             Rory has been with Super Retail Group since October 2010 in a variety of roles covering merchandising,
                                             marketing and strategy. In July 2022, Rory was appointed as Chief Strategy and Customer Officer with
                                             responsibility for corporate strategy development, analytics, marketing and customer strategy. He holds




For personal use only
                                             a Bachelor of Economics degree from Trinity College, Dublin. Rory has extensive international retail
                                             experience including leadership roles with Marks and Spencer, TNT and Australian Geographic and has
                                             worked in a number of countries throughout Asia and Europe.




                                             CATHY SEAHOLME
                                             Managing Director – Macpac

                                             Cathy is an experienced retail executive, holding senior leadership roles with high-profile businesses
                                             during a retail career in Australia of more than 30 years. Cathy was previously General Manager Retail
                                             Operations for Priceline Pharmacy, part of the ASX-listed Australian Pharmaceutical Industries Limited, one
                                             of Australia’s leading health and beauty companies. Prior to Priceline, Cathy was General Manager for The
                                             Body Shop Australia, and has previously held senior leadership roles with retail brands including Meredith,
                                             French Connection and the Country Road Group’s Witchery and Mimco.




                                             BENJAMIN WARD
                                             Managing Director – Supercheap Auto

                                             Benjamin joined Super Retail Group in July 2019 as Managing Director – Supercheap Auto. Benjamin holds
                                             a Bachelor of Business (Marketing) from the University of Newcastle and is a Graduate of the Australian
                                             Institute of Company Directors. He is an experienced retail executive with 25 years in senior management
                                             roles across Australia, UK, US and Europe, including two decades with international supermarket giant
                                             ALDI. Previously, Benjamin was Managing Director, Global Business Coordination for ALDI Supermarkets
                                             based in Germany and also held various senior leadership roles at ALDI in Operations, Merchandising,
                                             Transformation and Change Management.



                                             CRAIG WICKHAM
                                             Interim Chief Supply Chain Officer

                                             Craig joined Super Retail Group in February 2025 as Interim Chief Supply Chain Officer, encompassing
                                             sourcing, international shipping, inbound and outbound logistics, distribution centre operations and omni-
                                             fulfilment. Craig has more than 25 years’ experience in supply chain and logistics within large complex
                                             organisations, having held senior leadership roles across Supply Chain and Transformation for Woolworths
                                             and Coles supermarkets and more recently Australia’s largest Construction Material supplier, Boral. Craig
                                             has been responsible for leading large teams and has significant experience in Supply Chain strategy and
                                             operations effectiveness from conception through to delivery.



                                             GARY WILLIAMS
                                             Managing Director – rebel

                                             Gary joined Super Retail Group in April 2019 as Managing Director – rebel. Gary has more than 30 years of
                                             global retail, brand and property experience, including senior executive roles in Australia – where he has
                                             served for the past 20 years – the US, UK, Asia Pacific and South Africa. Previously Gary has held executive,
                                             board and senior retail leadership roles with brands including David Jones/Country Road Group, Myer, OK
                                             Bazaars, Puma, Reebok, Coca-Cola, Westfield and Topshop.
                        51                       SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25




                             2025
                             Directors’
                             Report


                             For the financial
                             year ended




For personal use only
                             28 June 2025
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                                           52
                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                                52


                          DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                          The Directors present their report together with the consolidated financial statements of the Group comprising Super Retail Group Limited
                          and its subsidiaries for the financial year ended 28 June 2025.

                          The Company has adopted a 52-week financial year, for financial reporting purposes, which ended on 28 June 2025. The prior financial year
                          was a 52-week period ended on 29 June 2024.

                          1.          Directors

                          The following persons were Directors of the Company at any time during the financial year and up to the date of this report:
                          -     Judith Swales - Independent Non-Executive Chair (appointed as Chair 24 October 2024)
                          -     Sally Pitkin AO - Independent Non-Executive Chair (retired from the Board 24 October 2024)
                          -     Anthony Heraghty - Group Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer (Group MD and CEO)
                          -     Kate Burleigh - Independent Non-Executive Director (appointed 11 November 2024)
                          -     Annabelle Chaplain AM - Independent Non-Executive Director
                          -     Peter Everingham - Independent Non-Executive Director
                          -     Mark O’Hare - Non-Executive Director




For personal use only
                          -     Colin Storrie - Independent Non-Executive Director (appointed 1 September 2024)
                          -     Penny Winn - Independent Non-Executive Director

                          Those Directors listed as Independent Non-Executive Directors have been independent throughout the period of their appointment.

                          Details of the qualifications, experience, special responsibilities and other details of the Directors are set out on pages 47 to 48.

                          2.          Board and Board Committee meetings and attendance

                          The number of meetings of the Board and each Board Committee and the individual attendance by Directors at those meetings which they
                          were eligible to attend as members, during the financial year, is summarised in the table below. The table excludes the attendance of those
                          Directors who attended Board Committee meetings of which they were not a member.

                                                                                                                                                                         Board Human
                                                                                                                                              Board Risk &               Resources and
                                                                                    Board Nomination                  Board Audit             Sustainability             Remuneration
                                                                  Board                Committee                      Committee                Committee                  Committee
                          Number of meetings                       14                         1                           4                          3                             5
                                                        Held(1)     Attended(2)    Held(1)    Attended(2)      Held(1)     Attended(2     Held(1)     Attended(2      Held(1)      Attended(2
                          Judith Swales(3)                14              14          1             1             1            1             2             2             3                  3
                          Sally Pitkin AO(4)              5               5           -             -             -             -            -             -             2                  2
                          Anthony Heraghty                14              14          -             -             -             -            -             -             -                  -
                          Kate Burleigh(5)                9               9           1             1             -             -            1             1             -                  -
                          Annabelle Chaplain AM           14              14          1             1             -             -            3             3             -                  -
                          Peter Everingham                14              14          -             -             -             -            3             3             5                  5
                          Mark O’Hare                     14              14          -             -             4            4             -             -             5                  5
                          Colin Storrie(6)                11              11          -             -             3            3             -             -             -                  -
                          Penny Winn                      14              14          -             -             4            4             3             3             -                  -
                         (1) Total number of meetings held during the time the Director was a member of the Board or the relevant Committee that the Director was eligible to attend.
                         (2) Total number of meetings that the Director attended as a member of the Board or relevant Committee.
                         (3) Ms Judith Swales was appointed Chair of the Board effective from 24 October 2024 and as a member of the Board Nominations Committee and Board
                             Human Resources and Remuneration Committee from 25 October 2024. She ceased to be the Chair and a member of the Board Audit Committee, and as a
                             member of the Board Risk and Sustainability Committee on 24 October 2024.
                         (4) Ms Sally Pitkin AO retired as the Chair of the Board and a Director effective on 24 October 2024 and accordingly ceased to be a member of the Board
                             Human Resources and Remuneration Committee and the Board Nominations Committee on 24 October 2024.
                         (5) Ms Kate Burleigh was appointed as a Director effective from 11 November 2024 and as a member of the Board Risk and Sustainability Committee and the
                             Board Nominations Committee effective from 25 November 2024.
                         (6) Mr Colin Storrie was appointed as a Director and a member of the Board Audit Committee effective from 1 September 2024 and as Chair of the Board
                             Audit Committee effective from 25 October 2024.

                          All Board members may attend any Committee meeting even if they are not a member of the relevant Committee.

                          In addition to the meetings of the Board and its Committees reflected in the table above, a further nine special purpose Board sub‑committee
                          meetings were held during FY25.
                        53                                                                                SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25
                             53                                                                                 SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25


                             DIRECTORS’ REPORT (continued)

                             3.             Directors’ interests

                             As at the date of this report, the Directors have the following relevant interests in ordinary shares of the Company and other relevant
                             disclosable interests, as notified by the Directors to the ASX in accordance with the Corporations Act:

                                 Director                                                  Number of ordinary shares                   Number of performance rights
                                 Judith Swales                                                              23,286                                          -
                                 Anthony Heraghty                                                          267,601 (1)                               374,232
                                 Kate Burleigh                                                              11,376                                          -
                                 Annabelle Chaplain AM                                                      26,911                                          -
                                 Peter Everingham                                                           60,000                                          -
                                 Mark O’Hare                                                               105,000                                          -
                                 Colin Storrie                                                              11,871                                          -
                                 Penny Winn                                                                 11,500                                          -
                             (1) Includes 39,230 restricted shares held under the Super Retail Group Employee Equity Incentive Plan.




For personal use only
                             Further details regarding the performance rights and restricted shares held by the Group MD and CEO are set out in the Remuneration Report
                             on pages 69 to 72.

                             4.             Company Secretary

                             The Company Secretary is Anna Sandham. Ms Sandham is a Senior Company Secretary at MUFG Corporate Governance, a division of MUFG
                             Pension & Market Services (formerly known as Link Market Services). Ms Sandham has over 25 years’ experience as a company secretary
                             and governance professional. Ms Sandham holds a Bachelor of Economics degree (University of Sydney) and a Graduate Diploma of Applied
                             Corporate Governance (Governance Institute of Australia). Ms Sandham is a Fellow of the Governance Institute of Australia and a member
                             of its Legislative Review Committee.

                             5.             Principal activities

                             The Company is a for-profit entity and is primarily involved in the retail industry. Founded in 1972 as an automotive accessories mail order
                             business that evolved into Supercheap Auto, the Group has grown through both organic growth and mergers and acquisitions evolving its
                             principal activities to include:
                             -      Supercheap Auto (SCA): retailing of auto parts and accessories, tools and equipment;
                             -      rebel: retailing of sporting equipment and apparel;
                             -      BCF: retailing of boating, camping and outdoor equipment, fishing equipment and apparel; and
                             -      Macpac: retailing of apparel, camping and outdoor equipment.

                             For further details about the Group’s strategy refer to pages 11 to 12.

                             There were no significant changes to the principal activities of the Group during the financial year under review that are not otherwise
                             disclosed in this report.

                             6.             Operating and financial review

                             Refer to pages 3 to 46 of this Annual Report for the following in respect of the Group:
                             -      a review of operations during the year and the results of those operations;
                             -      likely developments in the operations in future financial years and the expected results of those operations;
                             -      comments on the financial position;
                             -      comments on business strategies and prospects for future financial years;
                             -      details of any dividends or distributions determined, declared or paid during the financial year by the Company; and
                             -      an outline of the material business risks that may affect the Group.

                             Information on the Group’s business strategies and future prospects and the likely developments in the Group’s operations for future
                             financial years and the expected results of those operations that could result in unreasonable prejudice to the Group (for example,
                             information that is commercially sensitive, confidential or could give a third party a commercial advantage) has not been included in this
                             report.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                       54
                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                               54


                          DIRECTORS’ REPORT (continued)
                          7.         Environmental regulation and reporting

                          The Group's operations are subject to a range of environmental regulations under the laws of the Commonwealth of Australia and its States
                          and Territories. We report our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions from our Australian operations to the Clean Energy Regulator annually, under
                          the National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting scheme, established by the National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting Act 2007 (Cth). The
                          Company's FY25 Responsible Business Report provides disclosure around the material ESG-related issues for the Group's businesses. The
                          Group did not incur any significant liabilities under any environmental legislation during the reporting period.

                          8.         Significant changes in the state of affairs

                          There were no other significant changes in the state of affairs of the Group that occurred during the financial year under review that are not
                          otherwise described in this report.

                          9.         Matters subsequent to the end of the financial year

                          At the date of this report, the Directors are not aware of any matter or circumstance, other than transactions or matters disclosed in this
                          report, that has arisen and has significantly affected or may significantly affect the operations of the Group, the results of those operations
                          or the state of affairs of the Group in the financial years subsequent to 28 June 2025.




For personal use only
                          10.        Non-audit services

                          Details of fees paid or payable to the Company’s auditor, Ernst & Young, and its network firms for non-audit services provided during the
                          financial year are set out on page 140 in Note 30 – Remuneration of auditors in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.

                          The Group may employ the Company’s auditor on assignments additional to their statutory audit duties where the auditor’s expertise and
                          experience with the Group are important. These assignments may be tax advice, or where the auditor is awarded assignments on a
                          competitive basis. It is the Group’s policy to seek competitive tenders for all major consulting projects.

                          The Board has considered and, in accordance with the advice received from the Board Audit Committee, is satisfied that the provision of the
                          non-audit services during the financial year is compatible with the general standard of independence for auditors imposed by the
                          Corporations Act for the following reasons:
                          -     all non-audit services have been reviewed by the Board Audit Committee to ensure they do not impact the impartiality and objectivity
                                of the auditor; and
                          -     none of the services undermine the general principles relating to auditor independence as set out in APES 110 Code of Ethics for
                                Professional Accountants.

                          11.        Corporate Governance Statement

                          The Company’s Corporate Governance Statement for the financial year ended 28 June 2025 can be accessed in the Corporate Governance
                          section of the Company’s website.

                          12.        Proceedings on behalf of the Company

                          No person has applied to the Court under section 237 of the Corporations Act for leave to bring proceedings on behalf of the Company, or
                          to intervene in any proceedings to which the Company is a party for the purpose of taking responsibility on behalf of the Company for all or
                          part of those proceedings.

                          13.        Auditor’s independence declaration

                          A copy of the auditor’s independence declaration as required under section 307C of the Corporations Act is set out on page 56.

                          14.        Remuneration Report

                          The audited Remuneration Report is set out on pages 58 to 88.

                          15.        Options over unissued shares

                          No options over unissued shares in the Company were in existence at the beginning of the financial year or granted during, or since the end
                          of, the financial year.
                        55                                                                              SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25
                             55                                                                               SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25


                             DIRECTORS’ REPORT (continued)
                             16.        Directors’ and Officers’ indemnification and insurance

                             The Company's Constitution permits the Company to indemnify any current or former director, secretary or senior manager of the Company
                             or of a related body corporate of the Company out of the property of the Company against:
                             -     every liability incurred by the person in that capacity (except a liability for legal costs); and
                             -     all legal costs incurred in defending or resisting (or otherwise in connection with) proceedings, whether civil or criminal or of an
                                   administrative or investigatory nature, in which the person becomes involved because of that capacity,
                             except to the extent that:
                             -     the Company is forbidden by law to indemnify the person against the liability or legal costs; or
                             -     an indemnity by the Company of the person against the liability or legal costs would, if given, be made void by law.

                             The Company has entered into a Deed of Indemnity, Insurance and Access (Deed) with each of the Directors. Under the Deed, the Company
                             agrees to, among other things, indemnify the Director on terms consistent with the Constitution. The Deed also entitles the Director access
                             to company documents and records, subject to undertakings as to confidentiality, and to receive directors’ and officers’ insurance cover paid
                             for by the Company.

                             In addition, the Company has entered into individual deeds of indemnity and insurance with each other director, secretary and officer of the




For personal use only
                             Group on terms broadly consistent with the Deed, except that certain of these deeds do not provide for access to company documents and
                             records.

                             The Company has, during the financial year, paid premiums for Directors' and Officers' insurance for the benefit of directors, secretaries and
                             officers of the Group against certain liabilities incurred in that capacity. The Directors’ and Officers’ insurance policy prohibits disclosure of
                             the nature of the liabilities insured and the premiums payable under the policy.

                             To the extent permitted by law, the Company has agreed to provide certain indemnities to its auditors, Ernst & Young Australia, as part of
                             the terms of its audit engagement agreement against claims by third parties arising from the audit (for an unspecified amount). No payment
                             has been made to indemnify Ernst & Young Australia during or since the end of the financial year.

                             17.        Incorporation of other content into this report

                             Where this report refers to other sections and pages of the Annual Report, that content forms part of this report.

                             18.        Rounding of amounts

                             The Company is of a kind referred to in ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors’ Reports) Instrument 2016/191, issued by the
                             Australian Securities and Investments Commission, relating to the ‘rounding off’ of amounts in the Directors’ Report. Amounts in the
                             Directors’ Report and the accompanying Financial Report have been rounded off in accordance with that instrument to the nearest hundred
                             thousand dollars, unless otherwise stated.

                             This report is made in accordance with a resolution of the Directors.




                             Judith Swales                                                                             Anthony Heraghty
                             Chair                                                                                     Group Managing Director and
                                                                                                                       Chief Executive Officer
                             Brisbane
                             21 August 2025
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                               56




                                                                       Ernst & Young                         Tel: +61 2 9248 5555
                                                                       200 George Street                     Fax: +61 2 9248 5959
                                                                       Sydney NSW 2000 Australia             ey.com/au
                                                                       GPO Box 2646 Sydney NSW 2001




                           Auditor’s independence declaration to the Directors of Super Retail Group
                           Limited




For personal use only
                           As lead auditor for the audit of the financial report of Super Retail Group Limited for the 52 week
                           period ended 28 June 2025, I declare to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been:

                           a.    No contraventions of the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in
                                 relation to the audit;

                           b.    No contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit; and

                           c.    No non-audit services provided that contravene any applicable code of professional conduct in
                                 relation to the audit.

                           This declaration is in respect of Super Retail Group Limited and the entities it controlled during the
                           financial year.




                           Ernst & Young




                           Lisa Nijssen-Smith
                           Partner
                           21 August 2025




                           A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                           Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                        57                       SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25




                             2025
                             Remuneration
                             Report


                             For the financial
                             year ended




For personal use only
                             28 June 2025
                           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                             58
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                      58



                           REMUNERATION                                                                                             REPO RTING PERIOD
                           REPORT (AUDITED)                                                                                        ENDED 28 JUNE 2025


                           CONTENTS
                           Section 1   Letter from the Chair of the Board Human Resources and Remuneration Committee
                           Section 2   Key Management Personnel (KMP)
                           Section 3   FY25 Performance and Executive Remuneration Outcomes, including:
                                         Executive Remuneration table calculated in accordance with accounting standards
                                         Remuneration received
                           Section 4   FY26 Remuneration Matters
                           Section 5   Executive Interests in Super Retail Group Securities
                           Section 6   Executive Remuneration Framework
                           Section 7   Non-Executive Director Remuneration Arrangements
                           Section 8   Transactions with KMP
                           Section 9   Remuneration Governance




For personal use only
                           Introduction
                           The Directors of Super Retail Group present this Remuneration Report for the financial year ended 28 June 2025. The Remuneration Report
                           explains how the Group’s performance has driven executive remuneration outcomes and provides the details of specific remuneration
                           arrangements that apply to Key Management Personnel (KMP) in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (Corporations Act), the
                           Corporations Regulations 2001 (Cth) and applicable Australian Accounting Standards. The report also outlines the Group’s remuneration
                           philosophy and governance.


                           SECTION 1
                           Letter from the Chair of the Board Human Resources and Remuneration Committee

                           Dear Shareholders,

                           On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present the Remuneration Report for the financial year ended 28 June 2025, which describes how
                           Non-Executive Directors and Executive KMP are paid. Included in this report are the fixed and variable remuneration outcomes for Executive
                           KMP, which were determined after considering the Company’s results and their individual performance. Our remuneration strategy has
                           been developed to ensure remuneration is fair and competitive. During FY25, the Board continued to focus on a framework that aligns
                           remuneration with performance outcomes and has regard for the experience of our customers, team members and the expectations of
                           our shareholders and the community. Section 3 of the report focuses on FY25 performance and the link to remuneration outcomes.
                           Statutory tables are incorporated in Section 3 (Executive KMP) and Section 7 (Non-Executive Directors).

                           Our Remuneration Report for FY24 received 99.1 per cent of votes in favour of adoption at the 2024 Annual General Meeting (AGM). In
                           presenting the FY25 remuneration outcomes and considering changes for FY26, we have taken into account feedback from shareholders.

                           Super Retail Group delivered another year of record sales in FY25, despite facing a challenging operating environment. Performance across
                           the portfolio was mixed relative to our expectations, and subdued trading conditions in key markets made it difficult to offset persistent
                           cost inflation. As a result, the profit outcome was below both target and the prior year.

                           Despite these near-term headwinds, we remained committed to our strategic investment plan: continuing our investments in loyalty, omni-
                           channel capability, and our store network. We maintained a strong cadence of new store openings, refurbishments, and format innovations.
                           While these initiatives contributed to higher operating costs during the period, we anticipate they will deliver increasing returns in future
                           years.

                           We also continued to expand and deepen customer engagement, growing our active club membership by 8.7 per cent to over 12.5 million
                           members, who collectively now account for 79 per cent of total Group sales (up from 77 per cent in June 2024). At the same time, customer
                           satisfaction improved, with Net Promoter Scores rising almost two points to 71.

                           Team member engagement remains a strength, with a Group-wide engagement score of 81, maintaining our record 78 per cent
                           participation rate.

                           In FY24 we were disappointed by our safety performance. In FY25, we significantly stepped up our efforts, resulting in an encouraging 17
                           per cent improvement in TRIFR to 12.1 against the FY24 result of 14.5. This improvement reflects the commitment from management and
                           team members to proactive safety practices, including earlier hazard identification, physical and mental health awareness, and
                           improvements in store design and property management to reduce risk profiles.
                             59                                                                         SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25
                        59                                                                         SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25



                             REMUNERATION                                                                                             REPO RTING PERIOD
                             REPORT (AUDITED)                                                                                        ENDED 28 JUNE 2025


                             The Group’s financial performance has resulted in the opening of the performance gate for the Short-Term Incentive (STI) Scheme. The
                             Executive KMP STI achievement, as detailed in Section 3 of this report, was commensurate with the performance of the Company during
                             FY25. The overall result for the Group Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer (Group MD and CEO), Anthony Heraghty, was between
                             threshold and target.

                             The performance hurdles for the FY23 LTI grant were met, with 100 per cent of the grant qualifying for vesting over the relevant vesting
                             period. Details of the performance against the hurdles are set out in Section 3. Details of the executive remuneration plans are shown in
                             Section 6.

                             In the context of market data for similarly sized ASX-listed companies and industry peers and having regard to the Group’s performance in
                             FY25, the Board reviewed remuneration for Executive KMP. Market data provides one input to the Board’s decision-making on
                             remuneration levels. The benchmarking approach allows the Board to consider a broad range of comparable roles in companies or, where
                             relevant, business units of similar size and scale, as well as industry peers. This multiple-lens approach provides both a large enough sample
                             to form a view on remuneration levels across the broader market for talent as well as sector-specific insights.




For personal use only
                             KMP remuneration in FY26 remains aligned to a Total Target Remuneration around the 75th percentile of the relevant peer group in the
                             market in line with our policy. Fixed remuneration for the Group MD and CEO in FY26 remains the same as for FY25 (and has not increased
                             since FY23). The Group MD and CEO’s target STI remains unchanged for FY26. The total target reward for the Group MD and CEO will
                             increase by 3.3 per cent to be delivered in equity via an increased Long-Term Incentive (LTI) grant (subject to shareholder approval at the
                             2025 AGM). FY26 reward targets for all other Executive KMP remain the same as FY25. The FY26 remuneration mix is set out in Section 4.

                             Non-Executive Director fees were increased in FY25, commensurate with market data for similarly sized ASX-listed companies. Prior to this,
                             base and Committee fees were last increased in FY22. Fees for FY26 will remain the same as for FY25. Full details of Non-Executive Directors
                             fees are provided in Section 7.

                             On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank the Super Retail Group team for the Company’s FY25 performance, both financial and non-
                             financial. We welcome your feedback on our FY25 Remuneration Report.




                             Yours sincerely,
                             Peter Everingham
                             Chair of the Board Human Resources and Remuneration Committee
                            SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                                                             60
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                                                                      60



                           REMUNERATION                                                                                                                                  REPO RTING PERIOD
                           REPORT (AUDITED)                                                                                                                             ENDED 28 JUNE 2025


                           SECTION 2
                           Key Management Personnel (KMP)

                           The names and titles of the Group’s KMP for FY25, being those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and
                           controlling the activities of the Group, are set out below.

                             Name                                                     Position                                                                                                     Term as KMP(1)

                             Non-Executive Directors
                             Judith Swales                                            Chair and Independent Non-Executive Director                                          Director since 1 November 2021
                                                                                                                                                                               (Chair from 24 October 2024)

                             Peter Everingham                                         Independent Non-Executive Director                                                                      19 December 2017




For personal use only
                             Annabelle Chaplain AM                                    Independent Non-Executive Director                                                                            31 March 2020
                             Mark O’Hare                                              Non-Executive Director                                                                                            4 April 2023
                             Penny Winn                                               Independent Non-Executive Director                                                                        1 December 2023
                             Colin Storrie                                            Independent Non-Executive Director                                                                       1 September 2024
                             Kate Burleigh                                            Independent Non-Executive Director                                                                      11 November 2024
                             Former Non-Executive Directors

                                                                                                                                                                                  Director since 1 July 2010
                                                                                                                                                                              (Chair from 23 October 2017)
                             Sally Pitkin AO                                          Chair and Independent Non-Executive Director                                       Retired effective 24 October 2024




                             Executives

                             Anthony Heraghty                                         Group Managing Director and                                                                      KMP since 27 April 2015
                                                                                      Chief Executive Officer                                                                        (Group MD and CEO from
                                                                                                                                                                                            20 February 2019)

                             David Burns                                              Chief Financial Officer                                                                                   3 December 2012
                             Gary Williams                                            Managing Director - rebel                                                                                         2 April 2019
                             Benjamin Ward                                            Managing Director - Supercheap Auto                                                                            1 August 2019
                             Paul Bradshaw                                            Managing Director - BCF                                                                                 25 November 2019

                             Cathy Seaholme                                           Managing Director - Macpac                                                                                 25 October 2021

                           (1)   Indicates date of commencement as a KMP and, where applicable, the date of cessation as a KMP. Except where otherwise indicated, all KMP were in office for the entire reporting period
                                 and at the date of this report.
                             61                                                                                                     SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25
                        61                                                                                                   SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25



                             REMUNERATION                                                                                                                             REPO RTING PERIOD
                             REPORT (AUDITED)                                                                                                                        ENDED 28 JUNE 2025


                             SECTION 3
                             FY25 Performance and Executive Remuneration Outcomes

                             RELATIONSHIP OF REMUNERATION TO GROUP PERFORMANCE
                             All elements of the remuneration framework are set by reference to market context and benchmarks. The overarching performance
                             management framework aims to align executive performance and conduct to sustainable, profitable performance. The STI Scheme and LTI
                             Plan operate to create a clear link between executive remuneration and the Group’s performance, motivating and rewarding the Group
                             MD and CEO and other Executive KMP.
                             The performance of the Group over the past five financial years is summarised in Table 1.

                             FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE




For personal use only
                             The Group produced a solid financial result in FY25, delivering record sales of $4.1 billion and Normalised Net Profit Before Tax of $329.4
                             million.

                             Table 1: Group performance
                                                                                                                              FY21                 FY22            FY23           FY24            FY25

                               Sales ($m)                                                                                       3,453.1             3,550.9        3,802.6        3,893.7(4)      4,070.1

                               Normalised net profit before tax (NPBT) ($m)                (3)
                                                                                                                                437.5   (1)
                                                                                                                                                    356.9    (1)
                                                                                                                                                                     390.6           342.6          329.4

                               Normalised return on capital (ROC) (%)              (3)
                                                                                                                                 28.8   (1)
                                                                                                                                                      20.5   (1)
                                                                                                                                                                     20.7   (1)
                                                                                                                                                                                     19.0   (1)
                                                                                                                                                                                                    17.7(1)

                               Normalised earnings per share (EPS) (¢) (3)                                                      136.5(1)            110.4(1)         121.1           107.2          102.9

                               Dividends per share (¢)                                                                              88.0                   70.0      103.0           119.0           96.0

                               Share price at the close of the financial year ($)                                               12.95(2)                   8.49      11.43           13.95          14.06

                             (1)   pre AASB16 – Leases.
                             (2)   The opening share price in FY21 was $8.14.
                             (3)   Normalised measures are non-IFRS measures and are unaudited.
                             (4)   FY24 Revenue has been updated due to a reclassification in the current year to include revenue from freight recovery.

                             Group revenues grew by 4.5 per cent in FY25, with 2.6 per cent like-for-like growth complemented by ongoing network expansion. Like-
                             for-like growth was realised amidst ongoing cost of living pressures through much of the period. By region, trading conditions remained
                             soft in New Zealand across all categories, with trends generally more positive in Australia.

                             The group delivered a 45.6 per cent gross margin in the period, which was 50 basis points below the previous year. The decline in gross
                             margin reflects the full-year impact of the loyalty program implementation, and elevated stock loss in rebel. Gross margins improved in
                             both SCA and Macpac.

                             Normalised cost of doing business (CODB) increased by 4.5 per cent during the period, fuelled by ongoing inflationary pressures on wages,
                             rent and electricity combined with increased investment in our store network. This increase was in-line with total sales growth, resulting in
                             cost of doing business as a percentage of sales in-line with the prior year. Finance costs associated with interest on lease labilities increased
                             by 20 basis points as a percentage of sales. Alongside the lower gross margin, this led to a 70 basis point decline in the Group’s Normalised
                             PBT margin to 8.1 per cent.

                             Each year the Board may adjust profit before tax for any significant events or items to give financial statement users additional insight into
                             financial performance. These adjustments are for events or items considered unusual by their nature or size and/or not being in the
                             ordinary course of business. Refer to Table 2 below for adjustments made in FY25 and as disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial
                             statements (Note 4b – Segment information). There were no other adjustments made in FY25 for the purpose of defining normalised net
                             profit before tax.

                             Table 2: Group performance – adjustments for significant items
                               $m                                                                                                                                                  FY25           FY24
                               Profit before tax                                                                                                                                      314.3         339.8
                               Execution costs for team member remediation                                                                                                                3.8            2.8
                               Legal, professional fees and expenses related to regulatory and litigation matters                                                                      11.3                -
                               Normalised net profit before tax (Normalised NPBT)                                                                                                     329.4         342.6
                           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                               62
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                         62



                           REMUNERATION                                                                                               REPO RTING PERIOD
                           REPORT (AUDITED)                                                                                          ENDED 28 JUNE 2025


                           The Board made no discretionary changes to individual Executive KMP FY25 STI outcomes in relation to the adjustments detailed in Table
                           2.

                           The Group delivered mixed performances across its four core brands during the period.

                           Supercheap Auto delivered 2.1 per cent sales growth and flat (+0.3 per cent) like-for-like sales growth. Promotional intensity was elevated
                           during the period, weighing on value growth for the category. The SCA team prioritised pricing discipline preserving gross margin integrity.
                           PBT margins declined in the period as cost of doing business inflation outpaced like-for-like revenue growth.

                           rebel reported a solid 4.8 per cent sales growth in FY25, with 3.5 per cent like-for-like growth. rebel’s sales momentum was supported by
                           improved ranging, particularly in footwear, investment in stock availability, and a return to growth from the sporting equipment categories.
                           The rebel active loyalty program cycled its first full year in market and is progressing well towards its business objectives. An elevated level
                           of stock loss, attributable to theft, has impacted gross margins during the period and is a key focus of management as we enter FY26.

                           BCF delivered a strong trading result in FY25, with sales growth of 7.9 per cent and like-for-like growth of 5.4 per cent. Weather conditions




For personal use only
                           over the peak trading periods favoured the business and retail execution has been strong, with key strategic ranging initiatives continuing
                           to gain traction with customers. From a network perspective, the superstore strategy continues to deliver impressive revenue momentum,
                           with five BCF superstores now open.

                           Macpac experienced a challenging FY25 but finished the year with positive momentum to report 3.8 per cent revenue growth and 2.0 per
                           cent like-for-like growth. Trading conditions were soft in New Zealand, with trends generally more positive in Australia. Macpac continued
                           to outperform its nearest peers in difficult trading conditions, supported by ongoing network expansion, to finish the year with more than
                           100 stores in operation.

                           Disciplined capital allocation and sound operating performance enabled the Group to achieve a 17.7 per cent return on capital during the
                           period, well above the Group’s cost of capital.

                           The Group’s financial performance during the period, together with the strength of the Group’s balance sheet, enabled the Directors to
                           determine to pay a special dividend of 30 cents per share, in addition to the final ordinary dividend of 34 cents per share. Together with
                           the interim ordinary dividend of 32 cents this represents an aggregate dividend payment to shareholders for FY25 of 96 cents per share.

                           The Group’s incentive awards are designed to align Executive KMP remuneration with business performance. This alignment is
                           demonstrated through the choice of metrics, annual target-setting process and the variation in STI and LTI payment outcomes year-on-
                           year. Over the past five financial years, Executive KMP STI outcomes have ranged from 55 per cent to 141 per cent of target (37 per cent to
                           94 per cent of maximum), averaging 113 per cent of target (75 per cent of maximum). Similarly, over the past five years, the LTI has vested
                           between 97 per cent and 100 per cent, averaging 99 per cent. Further detail on FY25 STI outcomes and LTI vesting is included on the
                           following pages.

                           STI OUTCOMES FOR FY25

                           For the financial year ended 28 June 2025, the target for Normalised NPBT was set at $358.5 million. This target factored in a low sales
                           growth and high inflation outlook, which was expected to unfavourably impact operating margins. The financial gateway to the FY25 STI
                           scheme (being 90 per cent of target) was exceeded.

                           The individual Key Performance Indicator (KPI) categories to determine STI awards and the FY25 achievements, referenced by the Board
                           for the Group MD and CEO and other Executive KMP, are detailed in Tables 3 and 4. To support delivery of our sustainability goals, a portion
                           of Executive KMP STIs is tied to performance against key non-financial metrics outlined in our 2030 Sustainability Framework. This includes
                           implementation of our climate work program, progress towards our 2030 net-zero scope 1 and 2 emissions target and improvements in
                           health and safety, measured by the Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate (TRIFR).

                           The Board applied downward discretion to Mr Heraghty’s STI outcome, to reflect shared accountability for mixed group results, cost overrun
                           on the Human Resources Core & Payroll system program, and SCA performance.
                             63                                                                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25
                        63                                                                         SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25



                             REMUNERATION                                                                                                 REPO RTING PERIOD
                             REPORT (AUDITED)                                                                                            ENDED 28 JUNE 2025


                             Table 3: Group MD and CEO performance

                              Balanced
                              Scorecard              Measure          Weighting         Actual Performance range                        Commentary on Performance

                                                                                    Threshold     Midpoint        Stretch      The Normalised NPBT result for the Group was
                                                                                      50%          100%            150%        $329.4 million, which was below threshold for
                                                                                                                               FY25.
                                                    Net Profit
                                                                         35%      $340.6m        $358.5m          $376.4m      The Normalised NPBT result reflects mixed
                                                    Before Tax
                                                                                                                               sales and gross margin performance across
                                                                                                                               the brands, reflecting difficult trading
                              Group Financial                                                                                  conditions and cost pressures.
                               Performance
                                                                                                                               The Group's 13-month rolling average
                                                                                    $530m         $505m            $480m
                                                                                                                               monthly net working capital result delivered
                                                 Working Capital                                                               at stretch, through a sustained focus on




For personal use only
                                                                         15%
                                                   Efficiency                                                                  optimising store in-stock position and
                                                                                                                               effective management of inventory against
                                                                                                                               variable sales conditions.
                                                                                                                               The strategic portfolio was delivered in
                                 Business          Strategic and                                                               accordance with plan. The property portfolio
                                                                         20%
                               Improvement        store portfolio                                                              delivery and prior year benefit realisation was
                                                                                                                               in line with stretch targets.
                                                                                                                               The target for organic growth through existing
                                                  Revenue from
                                                                                                                               customers was exceeded, with active
                                  Customer           active              15%
                                                                                                                               customer revenue up 2.9 per cent from the
                                                   customers
                                                                                                                               prior year.

                                                                                                                               Execution delivered against the FY25
                               Environment,       Execution of
                                                                                                                               objectives with solid progress against 2030
                                 Social and      ESG framework
                                                                                                                               goals.
                               Governance /                              15%
                              Safety (ESG and                                                                                  Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate of
                                  Safety)             Safety                                                                   12.1 achieved the stretch target, a 17%
                                                                                                                               improvement on FY24 performance.



                             Table 4: Other Executive KMP performance outcome

                                                                                                                                                                   STI
                                                                                    Financial        Business                                                   scorecard
                              Name                 Role                           Performance      Improvement              Customer       ESG and Safety       outcome

                                                                                  Threshold to        Target to                                Target to          Target to
                              Paul Bradshaw        Managing Director - BCF                                                   Stretch
                                                                                     Target            Stretch                                  Stretch            Stretch
                                                                                  Threshold to                                                 Target to        Threshold to
                              David Burns          Chief Financial Officer                             Target                 N/A
                                                                                     Target                                                     Stretch            Target
                                                   Managing Director -            Threshold to                                                 Target to        Threshold to
                              Cathy Seaholme                                                           Stretch              Threshold
                                                   Macpac                            Target                                                     Stretch            Target

                                                   Managing Director -            Threshold to                              Target to          Target to        Threshold to
                              Benjamin Ward                                                            Target
                                                   Supercheap Auto                   Target                                  Stretch            Stretch            Target

                                                                                  Threshold to      Threshold to                               Target to        Threshold to
                              Gary Williams        Managing Director - rebel                                                 Stretch
                                                                                     Target            Target                                   Stretch            Target

                             The STI outcomes for Executive KMP are reflected in Table 5.
                             The STI award for all Executive KMP will be delivered 70 per cent as cash and 30 per cent as restricted shares subject to vesting conditions.
                             Provided the Executive KMP meets all conditions until the respective vesting dates, the restricted share deferral is released 50 per cent in
                             September 2026 and 50 per cent in September 2027. This deferral supports an increase in executive shareholding, enhances risk
                             management and executive retention, and reflects broader market practice.
                           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                              64
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                      64



                           REMUNERATION                                                                                            REPO RTING PERIOD
                           REPORT (AUDITED)                                                                                       ENDED 28 JUNE 2025


                           Table 5: STI outcomes

                                                                                                                                 STI earned            STI unearned
                                                                                              30%                                per cent of            (forfeited)
                                                       STI assessment     Total STI         deferral         STI cash            maximum                per cent of
                                                         per cent of      payment         into equity        payment          (maximum = 150%           maximum
                            Name                            target           ($)               ($)              ($)               of target)              payable
                            Group MD & CEO
                            Anthony Heraghty               73.9%           886,800         266,040           620,760                  49.3%               50.7%
                            Other Executive KMP
                            Paul Bradshaw                  117.7%          517,880         155,364            362,516                 78.5%               21.5%
                            David Burns                    75.7%           378,614         113,584            265,030                 50.5%               49.5%
                            Cathy Seaholme                 70.1%           223,615          67,084            156,531                 46.7%               53.3%




For personal use only
                            Benjamin Ward                  54.8%           274,082          82,225            191,857                 36.5%               63.5%
                            Gary Williams                  79.3%           396,619         118,986            277,633                 52.9%               47.1%


                           LTI OUTCOMES FOR FY25
                           The FY23 LTI grant was dependent on performance for the three years ending 28 June 2025.
                           The performance hurdles for the FY23 LTI grant were met, with 100 per cent of the grant qualifying for vesting over the relevant vesting
                           period. The Board approved 100 per cent vesting for the FY23 grant. The principles used by the Board in exercising discretion for the LTI
                           Plan are outlined in Section 6, along with a detailed outline of the LTI Plan.
                           There were a number of prior-year LTI grants that had tranches vest in FY25, due to the staggered approach to vesting. As the LTI vests
                           (subject to further vesting conditions) over a period after the performance hurdles have been tested, the FY25 value of LTI shown in the
                           remuneration tables includes a portion of the FY21 grant and subsequent grants.
                           Table 6 outlines the performance outcomes and the subsequent vesting for each of the LTI performance rights granted and tested since
                           FY21. Each grant (other than the FY21 grant) is subject to equally weighted performance measures based on normalised earnings per share
                           (EPS) and normalised return on capital (ROC) over a three-year period. The FY21 LTI grant was measured over the two years of the Medium-
                           Term Business Plan established in the uncertainty of the COVID-19 pandemic. The terms of the FY21 LTI grant are detailed in Table 19. The
                           EPS measure is cumulative Normalised EPS over three financial years. The ROC measure is the Normalised ROC averaged over three
                           financial years. For the FY25 grant, cumulative Normalised EPS and Normalised ROC are measured over the three financial years FY25, FY26
                           and FY27. An outline of how these measures are calculated is included in Table 17.

                           Table 6: Proportion of LTI vesting since the FY21 grant
                                                                                       Normalised NPBT                             Normalised ROC
                                                                                      two-year aggregate                          two-year average
                                                         Financial
                             Grant                        results                       (50% weight)                                (50% weight)
                                          Grant date    determining
                             name                                        Performance       Qualifying                   Performance     Qualifying
                                                          vesting
                                                                           outcome         for vesting      Forfeited     outcome       for vesting    Forfeited
                                                                              $m                %               %            %               %             %
                                          November
                             FY21                        FY21, FY22         794.4             50.0             Nil         24.6            50.0           Nil
                                            2020
                                                                                        Normalised EPS                             Normalised ROC
                                                         Financial                   three-year aggregate                         three-year average
                             Grant                        results                        (50% weight)                                (50% weight)
                                          Grant date
                             name                       determining      Performance       Qualifying                   Performance     Qualifying
                                                          vesting          outcome         for vesting      Forfeited     outcome       for vesting    Forfeited
                                                                          ¢ per share           %               %            %               %             %
                                          November      FY23, FY24,
                             FY23                                           331.2             50.0             Nil         19.2            50.0           Nil
                                            2022           FY25
                             65                                                                                                     SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25
                        65                                                                                                     SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25



                             REMUNERATION                                                                                                                                   REPO RTING PERIOD
                             REPORT (AUDITED)                                                                                                                              ENDED 28 JUNE 2025


                             Executive KMP remuneration outcomes for FY25
                             Table 7 details remuneration elements prepared in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards. Restricted shares and performance
                             rights are valued at fair value and accrued over the performance period and vesting period, and the cash bonus (STI) for FY25 is the amount
                             earned for FY25 and to be paid in September 2025. The fair value of restricted shares is the market value at the grant date. The fair value
                             of performance rights is determined using a Black-Scholes option pricing model.

                             Table 7: Remuneration for Executive KMP calculated in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards
                                                                                                                                           Post-
                                                                                                                     Long-term          employment Termination                   Share-based
                                                     Year                Short-term benefits                          benefits            benefits   benefits                     payments                  Total

                                                                                                 Non-                Annual and
                                                                 Cash             Cash          monetary             long service         Super-        Termination       Performance    Restricted
                                                                salary           bonus          benefits
                                                                                                           (1)
                                                                                                                       leave
                                                                                                                            (2)         annuation         benefits               (3)
                                                                                                                                                                            Rights        Shares            Total




For personal use only
                             Name                                 $                $               $                      $                 $                $                 $             $                $

                             Anthony Heraghty        FY25        1,425,467          620,760           44,552                   38,724        30,068                   -        810,177         353,670       3,323,418
                                                     FY24        1,452,047          979,440           20,554               107,330           27,540                   -        806,819         719,738       4,113,468
                                             (4)
                             Paul Bradshaw           FY25          630,442          362,516                      -             23,543        29,932                   -        274,800         149,995       1,471,228
                                                     FY24          653,120          351,680                      -         (26,802)          25,976                   -        291,280         245,450       1,540,704
                             David Burns             FY25          687,693          265,030            2,325                   13,012        29,993                   -        268,820         156,547       1,423,420
                                                     FY24          688,701          455,487            3,900                (5,000)          27,465                   -        292,300         308,168       1,771,021
                                               (5)
                             Cathy Seaholme          FY25          618,327          156,531                      -         (12,122)                 -                 -        200,327          67,872       1,030,935
                                                     FY24          578,733          142,200                      -              (387)               -                 -        159,852         162,065       1,042,463
                             Benjamin Ward           FY25          767,057          191,857                      -             24,303        30,000                   -        294,108         138,705       1,446,030
                                                     FY24          772,601          397,369                      -             32,057        27,537                   -        317,580         307,843       1,854,987
                             Gary Williams           FY25          768,568          277,633            1,450                   48,219        30,000                   -        294,108         128,552       1,548,530
                                                     FY24          768,701          281,485            3,900                   12,357        27,537                   -        317,580         280,834       1,692,394

                             Total                   FY25        4,897,554        1,874,327           48,327               135,679          149,993                   -      2,142,340         995,341     10,243,561

                             Total                   FY24        4,913,903        2,607,661           28,354               119,555          136,055                   -      2,185,411      2,024,098      12,015,037

                             (1)   Includes salary-sacrificed items such as novated leases and car parking, including any FBT payable.
                             (2)   Long-term benefits include the accounting expense of annual and long-service leave accrued.
                             (3)   FY24 includes a dividend equivalent payment due in respect of Mr Heraghty’s one-off co-investment award of performance rights for the period from his appointment as Group MD and CEO
                                   on 20 February 2019 until the date of vesting on 20 February 2023 (tranche 2) and 20 February 2024 (tranche 3), consistent with Mr Heraghty’s contract terms.
                             (4)   Mr Bradshaw’s cash salary reflects two periods of unpaid leave totalling eight weeks during FY25 and five weeks during FY24.
                             (5)   Ms Seaholme commenced as an Executive KMP on 25 October 2021. Ms Seaholme received an initial incentive, dependent on performance, which was payable partially in cash and partially
                                   in equity (restricted shares). This incentive is described in Section 6. Included in restricted shares is an accrued initial incentive of $29,137 in FY24.
                            SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                                                66
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                                                         66



                           REMUNERATION                                                                                                                                        REPO RTING PERIOD
                           REPORT (AUDITED)                                                                                                                                   ENDED 28 JUNE 2025


                           Table 8 details the remuneration received by Executive KMP during FY25. As with Table 7, the cash STI amount is the amount earned in
                           FY25 and that will be paid in September 2025. The amount shown for the value of restricted shares represents the number of shares on
                           which the restrictions were lifted multiplied by the closing price of ordinary shares of the Company on the ASX on the date restrictions
                           were lifted ($17.99 on 2 September 2024). This value for restricted shares contrasts with Table 7, which shows the FY25 portion of the fair
                           value of restricted shares amortised over the relevant performance measurement and vesting period.
                           The amount shown for the value of performance rights (LTI) vesting represents the number of ordinary shares in the Company received on
                           vesting of performance rights during FY25 multiplied by the closing price of ordinary shares of the Company on the ASX on the date of
                           vesting ($14.27 on 4 November 2024). The ordinary shares received on vesting of performance rights derive from the FY21 grant, which
                           had staggered vesting dates after the end of the performance period, as detailed in Table 14. This value for LTI contrasts with Table 7,
                           which shows the FY25 portion of the fair value of equity grants amortised over the relevant performance measurement and vesting periods.

                           Table 8: Actual remuneration received

                             FY25                                                 Cash and non-monetary                                                        Equity                        Total




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                        Value of restricted                Value of LTI
                                                                                                                 Cash                    shares on which              (performance rights)
                                                                             Fixed Pay(1)                       bonus                   restrictions ceased                  vesting         Total
                             Name                                                 $                               $                               $                             $              $

                             Anthony Heraghty                                  1,500,087                       620,760                       1,506,501                           906,545     4,533,893
                             Paul Bradshaw                                       660,374                       362,516                          509,243                         429,812      1,961,945
                             David Burns                                         720,011                       265,030                          630,388                          446,337     2,061,766
                             Cathy Seaholme                                      618,327                       156,531                          389,933                                -     1,164,791
                             Benjamin Ward                                       797,056                       191,857                          632,816                          479,401     2,101,130
                             Gary Williams                                       800,018                       277,633                          642,621                          479,401     2,199,673
                           (1)   Fixed Pay is defined in Section 6. Changes in accruals are not included in this table as they do not affect the amounts received by the individual.
                             67                                                                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25
                        67                                                                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25



                             REMUNERATION                                                                                            REPO RTING PERIOD
                             REPORT (AUDITED)                                                                                       ENDED 28 JUNE 2025


                             SECTION 4
                             FY26 Remuneration Matters

                             The Board has approved the following changes to the remuneration quantum and approach for FY26.
                             The Group MD and CEO’s fixed remuneration and STI will remain unchanged for FY26. Mr Heraghty’s target LTI will increase to $1,950,000
                             (face value), which will increase his total target remuneration opportunity to $4,650,000 for FY26, an increase of 3.3 per cent.
                             In determining this change, the Board considered market data for similar-sized ASX-listed companies and industry peers along with the
                             Group’s sustained financial performance and Mr Heraghty’s personal contribution and value to the Group. This continues the Board’s
                             strategy to increase the weight of equity within the pay mix. Mr Heraghty’s fixed remuneration and total target remuneration are
                             positioned around the 75th percentile of the relevant peer group. During his tenure, Mr Heraghty has led the team to add considerable
                             value for shareholders, overseeing increases in Normalised EPS of 33.2 per cent (FY19 compared to FY25) while consistently maintaining
                             ROC above target ranges.




For personal use only
                             Table 9 shows the remuneration mix as a percentage of total target reward for Executive KMP. The Group MD and CEO’s remuneration
                             opportunity has been progressively moved toward long-term variable pay, with LTI weighted around 42 per cent for FY26 compared to 40
                             per cent for FY25, with close to 50 per cent provided in equity. The Board considers this approach appropriate to reward and retain a high-
                             calibre executive, while aligning the interests of management and shareholders via a high proportion of variable pay with significant equity
                             exposure.

                             The Board determined to make no changes to the remuneration levels of other Executive KMP for FY26 based on market data for similar-
                             sized ASX-listed companies and industry peers. Total Target Remuneration and mix remains aligned to the 75 th percentile of the relevant
                             peer group in market. The difference between the mix for the Group MD and CEO and the mix for other Executive KMP is consistent with
                             market practice and reflects an increased proportion of remuneration at risk (increased proportion of equity remuneration), commensurate
                             with increased accountability. The FY26 target remuneration mix is shown in Table 9.

                             Table 9: Remuneration mix of Executive KMP at Target
                           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                    68
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                             68



                           REMUNERATION                                                                                           REPO RTING PERIOD
                           REPORT (AUDITED)                                                                                      ENDED 28 JUNE 2025


                           The FY26 LTI measures of EPS and ROC remain unchanged from the prior year. The performance hurdles for the FY25 LTI grant introduced
                           a steeper vesting schedule for the ROC measure. As detailed in Table 10, the steeper vesting schedule will be maintained for FY26.


                           Table 10: Vesting schedule for FY26 LTI grant


                                                                                                      FY26 Measures

                                                              Normalised EPS (3 year aggregate)                Normalised ROC (3 year average)
                                                              over the performance period                      over the performance period
                                                              Below $3.13:                                     Below 15.0%:
                            Proportion that qualifies for
                            delivery in accordance with the   0% of this portion                               0% of this portion
                            vesting period                    At $3.13:                                        At 15.1%:
                                                              50% of this portion                              3.3% of this portion
                                                              At $3.56:                                        At 18.0%:




For personal use only
                                                              100% of this portion                             100% of this portion
                                                              Straight-line vesting: Between $3.13 and $3.56   Straight-line vesting: Between 15% and 18%
                             69                                                                                                    SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25
                        69                                                                                                   SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25



                             REMUNERATION                                                                                                                                   REPO RTING PERIOD
                             REPORT (AUDITED)                                                                                                                              ENDED 28 JUNE 2025


                             SECTION 5
                             Executive Interests in Super Retail Group Securities

                             The remuneration framework aligns executives’ interests to those of shareholders by utilising equity-based awards in the form of restricted
                             shares and performance rights. Executive KMP are also required to hold a minimum number of securities for alignment with other
                             shareholders.
                             Restricted shares are awarded as the deferred component of STI awards and certain other executive awards. These are ordinary shares in
                             the Company that are subject to certain time-based restrictions on disposal and vesting. Performance rights are awarded under the LTI
                             Plan at no cost to the executive and provide the right to receive ordinary shares in the Company, subject to meeting performance and
                             service-based vesting conditions.
                             Restricted shares and performance rights are delivered to Executive KMP and other eligible executives subject to the rules of the Super
                             Retail Group Employee Equity Incentive Plan (the EIP). Further details of the equity plan structures are outlined in Section 6. The EIP rules




For personal use only
                             are available in the Corporate Governance section of the Company’s website.

                             EQUITY INTERESTS IN THE COMPANY HELD BY EXECUTIVE KMP
                             This section provides further information regarding the various equity interests in the Company held by Executive KMP, including details of
                             (and movements in) securities held by Executive KMP during the financial year.
                             Table 11 summarises the movement in the number of ordinary shares in the Company and the number of performance rights held during
                             the financial year by each Executive KMP including their related parties. Table 11 also sets out the number of ordinary shares in the
                             Company acquired by Executive KMP during the financial year on vesting of performance rights (see also Table 15) and on allocation of
                             restricted shares (see also Table 13).

                             Table 11: Movement in equity interests held by Executive KMP and their related parties during FY25(1)
                                                                                                                                           Performance
                                                                                                                      Restricted           rights vested
                                                                                                                       shares /               / shares
                                                                                                                     Performance            received on
                                                                                                                    rights granted           vesting of
                                                                                                 Held at                   as              performance           Performance             Other net              Held at
                                                                 Type of equity               29 June 2024          remuneration               rights            rights lapsed           change(2)           28 June 2025
                               Anthony Heraghty             Ordinary shares(3)                       461,398                 23,568                63,528                        -          (104,000)               444,494
                                                            Performance rights(4)                    336,694             101,066 (5)             (63,528)                        -                     -            374,232
                               Paul Bradshaw                Ordinary shares(3)                       160,072                   8,462               30,120                        -                     -            198,654
                                                            Performance rights(4)                    124,574                 32,636              (30,120)                        -                     -            127,090
                               David Burns                  Ordinary shares(3)                       148,996                 10,960                31,278                        -           (35,041)               156,193
                                                            Performance rights(4)                    125,466                 30,320              (31,278)                        -                     -            124,508
                               Cathy Seaholme               Ordinary shares(3)                         29,265                  3,400                       -                     -                     -             32,665
                                                            Performance rights(4)                      67,504                25,024                        -                     -                     -             92,528
                               Benjamin Ward                Ordinary shares(3)                       171,363                   9,562               33,595                        -           (29,607)               184,913
                                                            Performance rights(4)                    136,054                 33,688              (33,595)                        -                     -            136,147
                               Gary Williams                Ordinary shares(3)                       136,751                   6,773               33,595                        -           (63,803)               113,316
                                                            Performance rights(4)                    136,054                 33,688              (33,595)                        -                     -            136,147
                             (1)   Includes the Executive KMP's close family members or any entity they or their close family members control, jointly control or significantly influence.
                             (2)   Other net change includes the purchase and sale of shares.
                             (3)   There are no ordinary shares held nominally at the end of the reporting period.
                             (4)   There are no performance rights at the end of the reporting period that are vested and unexercised.
                             (5)   Shareholders approved (under ASX Listing Rule 10.14) the grant of these performance rights (relating to Mr Heraghty’s FY25 LTI) at the AGM on 24 October 2024. See Section 6 for details on
                                   the terms of this award.
                            SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                                                                      70
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                                                                                   70



                           REMUNERATION                                                                                                                                         REPO RTING PERIOD
                           REPORT (AUDITED)                                                                                                                                    ENDED 28 JUNE 2025


                           RESTRICTED SHARES HELD BY EXECUTIVE KMP
                           Each grant of restricted shares affecting remuneration since FY24 is set out in Table 12.

                           Table 12: Terms and conditions of restricted shares
                                                                                                                                                                                                           Fair value per
                                                                                                                                                                                                         restricted share at
                             Grant                               Grant date                       Vesting dates                                                                                              grant date
                             FY21 Deferred STI                   31 August 2021                   18 August 2022, 18 August 2023                                                                                     $12.53
                             FY22 Deferred STI                   30 August 2022                   18 August 2023, 23 August 2024                                                                                     $10.25
                             FY23 Deferred STI                   1 September 2023                 2 September 2024, (on or around) 1 September 2025                                                                  $13.01
                             FY23 Outperformance                 1 September 2023                 2 September 2024                                                                                                   $13.01
                             FY24 Deferred STI                   1 September 2024                 (on or around) 1 September 2025, (on or around) 1 September 2026                                                   $17.81

                           Table 13 summarises the movement in the number of restricted shares held during the financial year by Executive KMP, including their
                           related parties. The proportion of FY25 STI achieved (percentage of the maximum achievable) and the proportion forfeited as a result of




For personal use only
                           not meeting performance hurdles is set out by individual in Table 5 and was similarly disclosed in previous reports for earlier deferred STI
                           grants. As set out in Table 16, 70 per cent of the FY25 STI award is delivered as cash and, subject to further service requirements, 30 per
                           cent is deferred to equity, with restrictions lifting on 50 per cent of the resulting grant on or around September 2026 and 50 per cent on or
                           around September 2027.
                           The fair value of restricted shares is the market value at the grant date and is calculated as the weighted average price at which the
                           Company’s shares are traded on the ASX in the five days following the release of the Group’s financial results.

                           Table 13: Summary of Executive KMP restricted shares granted, vested or lapsed
                                                                         Granted                                                                                                                  Granted            $ value of
                                                                         but not                                                                                                                  but not            restricted
                                                                         vested                                                                          Lapsed or                                 vested              shares
                                                                         29 June            Granted in           Vested in                              forfeited in        % lapsed or           28 June            granted in
                                                                          2024                FY25                FY25(1)            % vested              FY25              forfeited              2025             the year(2)
                             Anthony Heraghty
                               FY22 Deferred STI                             21,962                    -            (21,962)                100%                      -                 0%                  -                n/a
                               FY23 Deferred STI                             31,323                    -            (15,661)                 50%                      -                 0%             15,662                n/a
                               FY23 Outperformance                           46,118                    -            (46,118)                100%                      -                 0%                  -                n/a
                               FY24 Deferred STI                                  -               23,568                   -                  0%                      -                 0%             23,568            419,760
                             Paul Bradshaw
                               FY22 Deferred STI                              7,756                    -             (7,756)                100%                      -                 0%                  -                n/a
                               FY23 Deferred STI                             10,358                    -             (5,179)                 50%                      -                 0%              5,179                n/a
                               FY23 Outperformance                           15,372                    -            (15,372)                100%                      -                 0%                  -                n/a
                               FY24 Deferred STI                                  -                8,462                   -                  0%                      -                 0%              8,462            150,720
                             David Burns
                               FY22 Deferred STI                              9,391                    -             (9,391)                100%                      -                 0%                  -                n/a
                               FY23 Deferred STI                             12,859                    -             (6,429)                 50%                      -                 0%              6,430                n/a
                               FY23 Outperformance                           19,221                    -            (19,221)                100%                      -                 0%                  -                n/a
                               FY24 Deferred STI                                  -               10,960                   -                  0%                      -                 0%             10,960            195,208
                             Cathy Seaholme
                               FY22 Deferred STI                               2,653                   -              (2,653)               100%                      -                 0%                  -                 n/a
                               Initial Incentive                               6,053                   -              (6,053)               100%                      -                 0%                  -                 n/a
                               FY23 Deferred STI                               6,769                   -              (3,384)                50%                      -                 0%              3,385                 n/a
                               FY23 Outperformance                             9,585                   -              (9,585)               100%                      -                 0%                  -                 n/a
                               FY24 Deferred STI                                   -               3,400                    -                 0%                      -                 0%              3,400              60,943
                             Benjamin Ward
                               FY22 Deferred STI                              8,234                    -             (8,234)                100%                      -                 0%                  -                n/a
                               FY23 Deferred STI                             15,442                    -             (7,721)                 50%                      -                 0%              7,721                n/a
                               FY23 Outperformance                           19,221                    -            (19,221)                100%                      -                 0%                  -                n/a
                               FY24 Deferred STI                                  -                9,562                   -                  0%                      -                 0%              9,562            170,301
                             Gary Williams
                               FY22 Deferred STI                              9,881                    -             (9,881)                100%                      -                 0%                  -                n/a
                               FY23 Deferred STI                             13,239                    -             (6,619)                 50%                      -                 0%              6,620                n/a
                               FY23 Outperformance                           19,221                    -            (19,221)                100%                      -                 0%                  -                n/a
                               FY24 Deferred STI                                  -                6,773                   -                  0%                      -                 0%              6,773            120,636
                           (1)   Vesting of restricted shares refers to restrictions being lifted following fulfilment of the service requirement.
                           (2)   The value of restricted shares granted in the year represents the value of the deferred portion of the STI achieved in the prior year. Full details of the STI outcomes for all prior year awards to
                                 KMP are included in the remuneration report for the relevant year. The maximum potential outcomes for unvested awards are subject to the Group share price at the time of vesting and will
                                 be determined by multiplying the number of vested shares by the share price. The minimum total value of grants for future financial years is nil if relevant vesting conditions are not met.
                             71                                                                                                      SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25
                        71                                                                                                     SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25



                             REMUNERATION                                                                                                                                     REPO RTING PERIOD
                             REPORT (AUDITED)                                                                                                                                ENDED 28 JUNE 2025


                             PERFORMANCE RIGHTS HELD BY EXECUTIVE KMP
                             Each grant of performance rights affecting remuneration since FY24 is set out in Table 14.

                             Table 14: Terms and conditions of performance rights
                                                                                                                                                                                Fair value per
                                                                                                                                                                                                             VWAP used for
                                                                                                                                                                              performance right
                                                                                                                                                                                                             grant allocation
                               Grant            Grant date                     Vesting dates     (1)
                                                                                                                                                                                at grant date
                               FY20             1 September 2019               1 September 2022, 1 September 2023                                                                            $7.72(2)                    $9.85
                               FY21(3)          1 November 2020                1 November 2022, 1 November 2023, 4 November 2024                                                             $9.47                       $8.92
                               FY23             4 November 2022                4 November 2025, 4 November 2026                                                                              $7.88                     $10.25
                               FY24             6 November 2023                6 November 2026, 6 November 2027                                                                            $10.17                      $13.01
                               FY25             11 November 2024               On or around 11 November 2027, on or around 11 November 2028                                                $10.89                      $17.81




For personal use only
                             (1)   Refer to Section 6 for details of vesting conditions. Performance rights expire up to eight years from the grant date.
                             (2)   The performance rights value for the 1 September 2019 grant was $7.72, with the exception of 53,262 performance rights in relation to a one-off co-investment grant to Mr Heraghty with
                                   these grants averaging a value of $7.21. The one-off co-investment grant vested over three financial years, with 50 per cent of the performance rights vesting in February 2022, 25 per cent
                                   in February 2023, and the remainder vesting in February 2024 subject to their terms.
                             (3)   The grant for FY21 was inclusive of the FY22 opportunity for Executive KMP. The number of performance rights granted in FY21 was based on the average volume-weighted share price in
                                   the five days following the announcement of 31 July 2020 ($8.92). There was no grant to Executive KMP in FY22. Grants were made to other selected employees.
                            SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                                                                      72
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                                                                               72



                           REMUNERATION                                                                                                                                         REPO RTING PERIOD
                           REPORT (AUDITED)                                                                                                                                    ENDED 28 JUNE 2025


                           Table 15 summarises the movement in the number of performance rights held during the financial year by each Executive KMP including
                           their related parties. The grant made in FY21 was an award for two financial years (FY21 and FY22) and is described in more detail in Section
                           6. There were no LTI grants to Executive KMP in FY22.

                           Table 15: Summary of Executive KMP performance rights granted, vested or lapsed
                                                            Granted but                                                                                                                      Granted but
                                                             not vested                                                                             Lapsed or                                 not vested            Estimated
                                                              29 June              Granted in             Vested in                                forfeited in         % lapsed or            28 June             value yet to
                                                               2024                  FY25                   FY25              % vested(1)             FY25               forfeited              2025                vest $(2) (3)
                                 Anthony Heraghty
                                   FY21                             63,528                    -              (63,528)                  100%                       -                  0%                  -                     -
                                   FY23                            146,341                    -                     -                    0%                       -                  0%            146,341               236,214
                                   FY24                            126,825                    -                     -                    0%                       -                  0%            126,825               546,658
                                   FY25                                  -              101,066                     -                    0%                       -                  0%            101,066               648,278




For personal use only
                                 Paul Bradshaw
                                   FY21                             30,120                     -             (30,120)                  100%                       -                  0%                   -                    -
                                   FY23                             51,219                     -                    -                    0%                       -                  0%              51,219               82,674
                                   FY24                             43,235                     -                    -                    0%                       -                  0%              43,235              186,357
                                   FY25                                  -                32,636                    -                    0%                       -                  0%              32,636              209,340
                                 David Burns
                                   FY21                             31,278                     -             (31,278)                  100%                       -                  0%                   -                    -
                                   FY23                             52,682                     -                    -                    0%                       -                  0%              52,682               85,036
                                   FY24                             41,506                     -                    -                    0%                       -                  0%              41,506              178,905
                                   FY25                                  -                30,320                    -                    0%                       -                  0%              30,320              194,485
                                 Cathy Seaholme
                                   FY23                             36,060                     -                       -                  0%                      -                 0%               36,060               58,206
                                   FY24                             31,444                     -                       -                  0%                      -                 0%               31,444              135,534
                                   FY25                                  -                25,024                       -                  0%                      -                 0%               25,024              160,514
                                 Benjamin Ward
                                   FY21                             33,595                     -             (33,595)                  100%                       -                  0%                   -                    -
                                   FY23                             56,341                     -                    -                    0%                       -                  0%              56,341               90,942
                                   FY24                             46,118                     -                    -                    0%                       -                  0%              46,118              198,784
                                   FY25                                  -                33,688                    -                    0%                       -                  0%              33,688              216,088
                                 Gary Williams
                                   FY21                             33,595                        -          (33,595)                  100%                       -                  0%                   -                    -
                                   FY23                             56,341                        -                 -                    0%                       -                  0%              56,341               90,942
                                   FY24                             46,118                        -                    -                  0%                      -                  0%              46,118              198,784
                                   FY25                                     -             33,688                       -                  0%                      -                  0%              33,688              216,088
                           (1)     For details of the proportion of LTI vesting and the performance outcomes of each grant, refer to Table 6.
                           (2)     The value yet to vest is the unamortised share-based payments expense as at 28 June 2025.
                           (3)     The minimum total value of grants for future financial years is nil if relevant vesting conditions are not met. The maximum possible total value in future financial years is dependent on the
                                   share price at that time (multiplying the share price at the time of vesting by the number of performance rights that vest).
                           (4)     Except for the awards to the Group MD and CEO since FY23, ordinary shares are automatically allocated on vesting of performance rights. The Group MD and CEO may exercise his vested
                                   FY23, FY24 and FY25 performance rights up to eight years following the date of grant. At the end of the reporting period there are no performance rights that are vested and unexercised.



                           Performance rights are expensed over their vesting period in line with the vesting conditions. Refer to Section 6 for details of these vesting
                           conditions.
                             73                                                                       SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25
                        73                                                                       SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25



                             REMUNERATION                                                                                          REPO RTING PERIOD
                             REPORT (AUDITED)                                                                                     ENDED 28 JUNE 2025


                             MINIMUM SECURITIES HOLDING POLICY
                             The Company’s Minimum Securities Holding Policy sets out the minimum shareholding requirements that apply to KMP. The purpose of
                             the policy is to strengthen alignment between the interests of KMP and the interests of shareholders.
                             The Group MD and CEO and other Executive KMP are required to acquire ordinary shares in the Company equivalent in value to the amounts
                             shown below by a specified date:

                              Group MD and CEO                           150 per cent of annual fixed remuneration*
                              Other Executive KMP                        100 per cent of annual fixed remuneration*
                             * Before tax and superannuation


                             The Group MD and CEO and other Executive KMP must meet the minimum shareholding target within five years of their
                             appointment. Unvested equity awards, including performance rights, are counted towards the target in circumstances where the equity
                             awards are no longer subject to performance hurdles.




For personal use only
                             As at the date of this report, all Executive KMP except for Ms Seaholme have met the minimum shareholding requirement, based on the
                             Company’s closing share price on 27 June 2025 (being the last ASX trading day for FY25). Ms Seaholme has five years from the date of her
                             appointment in October 2021 to meet the requirement. Using the share price on 27 June 2025, Ms Seaholme will meet the requirement
                             later in 2025 with the grant of restricted shares under the FY25 STI and vesting of the FY23 LTI discussed in Section 3.
                             The Minimum Securities Holding Policy is available in the Corporate Governance section of the Company’s website.

                             SHARES ISSUED ON VESTING OR EXERCISE OF PERFORMANCE RIGHTS
                             Entitlements to receive ordinary shares upon the vesting of performance rights during FY25 were fulfilled through on-market share
                             purchases.
                             There were no new ordinary shares of the Company issued on the vesting of performance rights during FY25 or since the end of the financial
                             year and up to the date of this report.
                           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                     74
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                             74



                           REMUNERATION                                                                                                REPO RTING PERIOD
                           REPORT (AUDITED)                                                                                           ENDED 28 JUNE 2025


                           SECTION 6
                           Executive Remuneration Framework

                           Our philosophy is to provide flexible and market competitive remuneration arrangements that reflect the performance of the Group and
                           its businesses.
                           The key elements are:

                                                                                  Pay-for-
                                                        Aligned to             performance              Equitable and             Recognise           Aligned to values
                                   Market             shareholders’           environment -           consistent across       performance and         and prudent risk
                                 competitive           sustainable              specific and             the Group               experience             management
                                                           value               measurable




For personal use only
                           EXECUTIVE REMUNERATION OBJECTIVES
                           The Group MD and CEO, together with other Executive KMP, are remunerated under a Total Reward Framework. The Total Reward
                           Framework is designed to appropriately reward executives for their contribution to the success of the Group by aligning all remuneration
                           elements to the delivery of both short-term milestones and long-term sustainable value to the Company’s shareholders. The target pay
                           mix is set out in Table 9.


                            Our Remuneration           Attract, motivate and        Differentiate reward to        Alignment to shareholder     An appropriate balance
                            Objectives                 retain executive talent.     drive performance,             interests and value          of fixed and ‘at-risk’
                                                                                    including values and           creation through equity      components focused on
                                                                                    behaviours.                    components granted as        long-term strategy and
                                                                                                                   part of long-term            short-term milestones.
                                                                                                                   incentives or through the
                                                                                                                   partial deferral of short-
                                                                                                                   term incentives into
                                                                                                                   equity.




                            ALIGNMENT OF OBJECTIVES TO OUR REMUNERATION FRAMEWORK

                                                                      Fixed Pay                     Short-Term Incentive (STI)              Long-Term Incentive (LTI)

                            Strategic Intent           To reflect the Executive’s role,         To achieve Board approved targets,     To reward Executive KMP for
                                                       duties, responsibilities, strategic      in support of the execution of the     sustainable long-term growth
                                                       value, experience and skills.            Group’s strategy.                      aligned to shareholders’ interests.
                                                       Quantum is set using external
                                                       market-based data of similarly           Deferral of STI into equity extends
                                                       sized S&P/ASX 200 companies. The         the timeframe for receipt of
                                                       position against market increases        variable reward outcomes.
                                                       over time to reflect performance in
                                                       the role.

                                                                                             Total Target Reward & Remuneration Mix

                            Market Positioning         Reward quantum is set at a level to attract, motivate and retain talented executives. Compared to relevant
                                                       market-based data (similarly sized S&P/ASX200 companies), fixed pay is positioned at the median, increasing to
                                                       the 75th percentile for sustained high performance. Total Target Reward is positioned at the 75th percentile where
                                                       there is sustained high performance taking into consideration expertise and performance in the role. The pay mix
                                                       philosophy favours “at-risk” pay over fixed pay, while remaining broadly consistent with the market.
                             75                                                                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25
                        75                                                                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25



                             REMUNERATION                                                                                               REPO RTING PERIOD
                             REPORT (AUDITED)                                                                                          ENDED 28 JUNE 2025


                             REMUNERATION BENCHMARKS
                             As an input to determining remuneration quantum for Executive KMP, the Board references benchmarks that are representative of the size
                             and scope of the Group and the specific accountabilities of the roles using multiple comparator groups. The comparator groups being:
                                       companies within 50 per cent to 200 per cent of the Group’s 12-month average market capitalisation;
                                       companies in the S&P/ASX 200 Global Industry Classification Standard Consumer Discretionary sector; and
                                       for Brand MDs, S&P/ASX 200 Head of Business Units with similar revenue accountability.
                             The Board considers this combination appropriate to assess the market for similar-sized roles within a sufficiently sized market sample
                             across broader industry, with a view to any sector-specific insights.
                             The benchmarking approach allows the Board to consider a broad range of comparable roles in companies or, where relevant business
                             units, of similar size and scale, as well as industry peers. This dual lens provides both a large enough sample to form a view on remuneration
                             levels across the broader market for talent as well as sector-specific insights. Market data provides one input to the Board’s decision-
                             making on remuneration levels. The Board also takes account of performance, internal relativities and the economic environment and
                             context.




For personal use only
                             FIXED PAY/BASE SALARY
                             Fixed pay comprises base pay and superannuation and may include prescribed non-financial benefits at the discretion of the individual
                             executive on a salary-sacrifice basis. The Group provides superannuation contributions in line with statutory obligations.
                             No guaranteed fixed pay increases are included in any KMP’s service agreement.

                             VARIABLE OR ‘AT-RISK’ REMUNERATION
                             Variable or ‘at-risk’ remuneration forms a significant portion of the Executive KMP remuneration opportunity. The purpose of variable
                             remuneration is to focus executives on the execution of the Group’s strategy and delivery of long-term sustainable value.
                             The information below provides detail of the Group’s short-term and long-term incentives.

                             SHORT-TERM INCENTIVE REWARD
                             Consistent with prior years, the FY25 STI scheme for the Executive Leadership Team, including Executive KMP, is based on a balanced
                             scorecard. Taking a scorecard approach allows executive performance to be assessed in a holistic way against four key drivers of
                             performance, outlined in Table 16.
                             Deferral of a portion of STI into equity, subject to meeting further vesting conditions, was introduced in FY20 using restricted shares to
                             meet the deferred STI component. Using equity to meet a portion of STI further aligns executive interests to those of shareholders.
                             Restricted shares are delivered to Executive KMP and other eligible executives under and subject to the rules of the Super Retail Group
                             Employee Equity Incentive Plan (the EIP). The EIP rules are available in the Corporate Governance section of the Company’s website.

                             Table 16: Key aspects of the FY25 STI scheme

                                      Scheme                           STI awards are made under the Super Retail Group Short-Term Incentive scheme (the STI scheme).

                                      Participation                    The scheme is open to Executive KMP.

                                      Purpose                          The scheme rewards a combination of Board-approved financial and non-financial performance
                                                                       measures that are aligned to the execution of the Group’s strategy and that articulate
                                                                       performance expectations at both target and over-achievement levels. The scheme deferral with
                                                                       additional vesting conditions facilitates clawback/malus, allowing additional time to validate
                                                                       performance hurdles.

                                      Performance period               The performance period is the financial year ending 28 June 2025.

                                      Financial gateway                A minimum Group NPBT of at least 90 per cent of target must be met before any Short-Term
                                                                       Incentives are payable. If this level is not reached, any payment made to Executive KMP will be at
                                                                       the Board’s discretion.
                           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                  76
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                          76



                           REMUNERATION                                                                                                REPO RTING PERIOD
                           REPORT (AUDITED)                                                                                           ENDED 28 JUNE 2025


                               Performance targets               The achievement of individual KPI targets (once the financial gateway has been achieved)
                                                                 determines the proportion of the potential bonus entitlement that will be granted.
                                                                 For FY25, the following primary performance goals and weightings were selected. These goals are
                                                                 aligned to the Group’s strategic plan. The significant weighting of financial outcomes, at 50 per
                                                                 cent, maintains a strong link between financial performance and incentive paid.

                                                                                                                 Weighting
                                                                        Measures              Category                                    Performance Goals
                                                                                                                 (% of STI)
                                                                                                                                 Normalised NPBT
                                                                     Financial           Financial                   50
                                                                                                                                 Working Capital Efficiency
                                                                     Non-Financial       Business                    20          Delivery of Strategic Portfolio
                                                                                         Improvement
                                                                                         Customer                    15          Revenue from active customers
                                                                                                                                 TRIFR




For personal use only
                                                                                         ESG/Safety                  15
                                                                                                                                 ESG goals
                               FY25 Target, Maximum              The reward target for STI opportunity is set with reference to market data, and the stretch STI
                               (Stretch) Opportunity, and        opportunity is 150 per cent of target. For each measure, a threshold level of performance is set.
                               Minimum                           This level must be met to achieve any payment; hence the minimum is zero.

                               Payment frequency and             70 per cent of the FY25 STI award is delivered as cash and 30 per cent is delivered as restricted
                               payment vehicle                   shares and subject to further service requirements.
                                                                 STI awards are paid annually. Payments are made following the end of the performance period,
                                                                 generally in September. Provided the employee meets the vesting conditions, including remaining
                                                                 in employment until the date restrictions are lifted, restrictions on 50 per cent of the FY25
                                                                 deferred STI will lift in September 2026 and the restrictions on 50 per cent will lift in September
                                                                 2027.
                                                                 Restricted shares are retained by exiting executives, unless the Board determines otherwise,
                                                                 subject to the original vesting timeline.

                               Restricted shares                 A restricted share is a fully paid ordinary share in the Company awarded to and held by an STI
                                                                 scheme participant subject to the terms of the grant and the EIP rules, which include restrictions
                                                                 on disposal, vesting and forfeiture rules.
                                                                 A restricted share is held in trust and may not be traded until all restrictions are lifted. No amount
                                                                 is payable by the participant on the grant or vesting of a restricted share. Participants are entitled
                                                                 to receive dividends on, and exercise the voting rights of, the restricted shares they hold.

                               Vesting conditions                Post testing, the vesting conditions are:
                                                                       that the participant is continuously employed by the Group until the vesting date in
                                                                        respect of each tranche; and
                                                                       the participant’s behaviour until the vesting date meets the requirements of the Plan
                                                                        Rules and in particular has not contravened Rule 9.1.1.

                               Principles for Board discretion         Preserving the purpose and integrity of the remuneration framework and short-term
                               on short-term incentive plans            remuneration target.
                                                                       Consistency with general market/security holder expectations, particularly for the
                                                                        alignment of performance-based remuneration with the interests of shareholders.
                                                                       Exercising discretion only for events or items over the performance period that have a
                                                                        material impact on the outcome.
                                                                       Maintaining affordability of the STI scheme.
                                                                       Sustaining desired impact against subsequent year strategic and business objectives.
                                                                       Exercising any discretion fairly and consistently, considering:
                                                                        o   any actions taken which have optimised long- and/or short-term value creation
                                                                            at the expense of an “in-year” outcome measured in the scorecard;
                                                                        o   whether performance measures capture the impacts of unforeseen events on
                                                                            the business and creation of sustainable shareholder value; and
                                                                        o   the impacts of a team member’s actions on the outcome as assessed against the
                                                                            performance metric.
                             77                                                                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25
                        77                                                                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25



                             REMUNERATION                                                                                              REPO RTING PERIOD
                             REPORT (AUDITED)                                                                                         ENDED 28 JUNE 2025


                             The Board Human Resources and Remuneration Committee (BHRRC) makes recommendations to the Board in relation to the design of the
                             STI scheme, KPIs and target setting. The Board has ultimate approval and discretion over the outcomes.
                             The treatment on cessation of employment and change of control are common to all plans under the EIP and are outlined in Table 20.

                             LONG-TERM INCENTIVE REWARD
                             The Group’s remuneration structure aims to align LTIs for Executive KMPs and other executives with the delivery of sustainable value to
                             shareholders. The alignment of interests is important in ensuring that Executive KMPs and other executives are focused on delivering
                             sustainable returns to shareholders, whilst allowing the Group to attract and retain high-calibre executives. The Board has determined that
                             the combination of Normalised EPS and Normalised ROC, in each case over a three-year period, are appropriate measures of sustainable
                             shareholder returns.

                             Table 17: Key aspects of the FY25 LTI Plan

                                    Plan                             The Company's Long-Term Incentive Plan (the LTI Plan) provides awards in the form of performance




For personal use only
                                                                     rights that are granted under the rules of the EIP.

                                    Participation                    The plan allows for the annual grant of performance rights to Executive KMP and other executives.
                                                                     The Board has the absolute discretion to grant the Executive any incentive award under the LTI
                                                                     Plan and to determine the quantum of any such award.

                                    LTI instrument                   Performance rights are granted by the Company at no cost to the participant. A performance right
                                                                     represents a right to receive a fully paid ordinary share at no cost if service-based and
                                                                     performance-based vesting conditions are met.
                                                                     The Board retains the discretion to settle the rights in cash.

                                    Allocation methodology           The number of performance rights granted to each Executive KMP is determined in accordance
                                                                     with the Executive Remuneration Framework and has a value of between 75 per cent and 100 per
                                                                     cent of their fixed pay. The notional value of performance rights granted to Executive KMP and
                                                                     other executives is determined on a face value basis using a volume-weighted average price for
                                                                     Super Retail Group shares traded on the ASX over a period of five trading days following the
                                                                     release of the Group’s results for the preceding reporting period. The value of performance rights
                                                                     for grant purposes may differ from the accounting valuation shown in the financial statements,
                                                                     which considers probability of vesting and other factors.

                                    Performance period               Three financial years ending on or around 30 June 2027.


                                    Performance hurdles              Equity grants to Executive KMP and other executives are in two equal tranches, 50 per cent
                                                                     relating to the Normalised EPS over the performance period and 50 per cent relating to average
                                                                     Normalised ROC over the performance period.

                                    Normalised EPS                   Normalised earnings per share as presented in the financial statements in note 4(b). Performance
                                                                     is cumulative over the performance period.

                                    Normalised ROC                   Pre-AASB16 Normalised NPAT adjusted for bank interest after tax divided by the average of pre-
                                                                     AASB16 Net Assets normalised for adjustments for brand name impairment at the beginning and
                                                                     the end of the financial year, less cash plus borrowings.
                           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                               78
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                       78



                           REMUNERATION                                                                                           REPO RTING PERIOD
                           REPORT (AUDITED)                                                                                      ENDED 28 JUNE 2025


                               Vesting schedule                The performance conditions for performance rights granted in FY25 were:

                                                                                                                      Measures

                                                                                     Normalised EPS over the                Normalised ROC over the
                                                                                     performance period                     performance period


                                                                                     Below $3.15:                           Below 13.0%:
                                                                   Proportion that
                                                                   qualifies for     0% of this portion                     0% of this portion
                                                                   delivery in       At $3.15:                              At 13.1%:
                                                                   accordance with   50% of this portion                    5% of this portion
                                                                   the vesting       At $3.57:                              At 15.0%:
                                                                   period outlined   100% of this portion                   100% of this portion
                                                                   below             Straight-line vesting: Between         Straight-line vesting: Between
                                                                                     $3.15 and $3.57                        13.0% and 15.0%




For personal use only
                                                               The various vesting points (Threshold and Maximum) for the grants since FY23 are shown in Table
                                                               18 (with the FY21 grant shown in Table 19 and noting there was no grant in FY22).

                               Significant items               The Board may adjust for any significant events or items considered unusual by their nature or size
                                                               and/or not being in the ordinary course of business.

                               Qualifying/qualified            Performance rights that have become eligible for vesting, having met the performance hurdle but
                               performance rights              not yet met the vesting conditions.

                               Vesting period                  If the performance conditions are satisfied within the performance period, and the participant meets
                                                               the subsequent vesting conditions, the performance rights will vest over subsequent years in
                                                               accordance with the following schedule:
                                                                        Time after grant of                               Percentage of
                                                                        performance rights:                        performance rights that vest:
                                                                            Three years                                        50
                                                                             Four years                                        50
                               Vesting conditions              Post testing, the vesting conditions are:
                                                                    that the participant is continuously employed by the Group until the vesting date in
                                                                     respect of each tranche; and
                                                                    the participant’s behaviour until the vesting date meets the requirements of the Plan
                                                                     Rules and in particular has not contravened Rule 9.1.1.

                               Testing and time restrictions   At the end of the performance period, equity grants are tested against the performance hurdles
                                                               set. Awards will only vest once the Board, in its discretion, determines that relevant conditions
                                                               have been satisfied following the end of the applicable vesting period. If the performance hurdles
                                                               are not met at the testing date, the performance rights will lapse. Qualifying performance rights
                                                               may also lapse prior to vesting at the Board’s discretion. There is no retesting of performance
                                                               hurdles under the plan. The Board has discretion to determine that an award vests prior to the end
                                                               of the relevant period and retains discretion to adjust performance-related outcomes.

                               Exercise terms                  For the Group MD and CEO, performance rights that vest may be exercised (at no cost to the
                                                               executive) at any time up to the date that is eight years after the grant date. Any performance
                                                               rights that are not exercised before that date will lapse.
                                                               For other executives, shares are automatically allocated on vesting of performance rights and no
                                                               exercise mechanism applies.

                               Dividends and voting rights     Performance rights do not carry voting or dividend rights.
                                                               For the Group MD and CEO, for performance rights that vest, the Board has determined that a
                                                               dividend equivalent payment will be paid by the Company for the period between vesting and
                                                               exercise of those rights. The dividend equivalent payment (if any) will be paid once performance
                                                               rights are exercised and will be paid in cash (unless the Board determines otherwise), equal to the
                                                               value of the dividends inclusive of an allowance for imputation credits that attach to the dividends.
                                                               Unless the Board determines otherwise, no dividend equivalent payment will be made in respect
                                                               of any vested performance rights that have lapsed for any reason.
                             79                                                                             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25
                        79                                                                             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25



                             REMUNERATION                                                                                                    REPO RTING PERIOD
                             REPORT (AUDITED)                                                                                               ENDED 28 JUNE 2025


                                      Principles for Board discretion        Preserve the purpose and integrity of the LTI Plan.
                                      on equity-based incentive
                                                                             Maintain the integrity of each year’s remuneration as awarded.
                                      plans
                                                                             Maintain the level of performance expected when the original targets were set.
                                                                             Be consistent with general market/security holder expectations, particularly for the alignment
                                                                              of performance-based remuneration with the interests of shareholders.
                                                                             Be able to be implemented without requiring special approvals, for example from the ASX or
                                                                              security holders.
                                                                             Not hinder the success of any transaction (such as a significant acquisition) given that
                                                                              executives do not otherwise receive incentive-type payments for merger and acquisition
                                                                              activity.
                                                                             Discretion should only be exercised for events or items over the performance period that have
                                                                              a material impact on the outcome.




For personal use only
                                                                             Adjustments (positive and negative) are made at the time of vesting (there may be more
                                                                              than one relevant event during the performance period).



                             The BHRRC makes recommendations to the Board in relation to the design of the LTI Plan, metrics and target setting. The Board has
                             ultimate approval and discretion over the outcomes.
                             The treatment on cessation of employment and change of control are common to all plans under the EIP and are outlined in Table 20.

                             Table 18: Vesting schedule (Threshold and Maximum) for LTI Plans from FY23

                                                              Performance Condition for                                       Performance Condition for
                                                          Normalised cumulative EPS over the                                       Normalised ROC
                              Grant                              performance period                                      average over the performance period

                                                        Threshold (zero                                    FY23 Threshold              FY24 Threshold
                                                       below this, 50% of           Maximum             (zero below this, 30%       (zero below this, 50%        Maximum
                                                      this portion vests at       (100% of this          of this portion vests       of this portion vests     (100% of this
                                                           this point)              portion)                 at this point)              at this point)          portion)

                              FY23                           $2.45                    $3.00                      10%                         12%                   15%
                              FY24                           $2.93                    $3.36                      N/A                         13%                   15%
                                                        Threshold (zero                                                                Threshold (zero
                                                       below this, 50% of            Maximum                                        below this, 0% of this       Maximum
                                                      this portion vests at        (100% of this                                     portion vests at this     (100% of this
                              Grant                        this point)               portion)                                               point)               portion)

                              FY25                           $3.15                     $3.57                     N/A                        13%                    15%
                           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                80
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                        80



                           REMUNERATION                                                                                             REPO RTING PERIOD
                           REPORT (AUDITED)                                                                                        ENDED 28 JUNE 2025


                           Table 19: Key aspects of the LTI Plan modifications for the FY21 grant

                                  Financial years applicable       The grant for FY21 included both the FY21 and the FY22 opportunity for Executive KMP. There was
                                                                   no LTI grant in FY22 made to Executive KMP.

                                  Allocation methodology           The notional value of performance rights granted to Executive KMP and other executives is
                                                                   determined on a face value basis using a volume-weighted average price for ordinary shares of the
                                                                   Company traded on the ASX over a period of five trading days. Usually, the five-day period starts
                                                                   the day following the release of the Group’s results for the preceding reporting period. Following
                                                                   discussions with shareholders, the Board determined that the FY21 grant should be based on the
                                                                   average over the five trading days following the Group’s trading update announcement, which was
                                                                   lodged with the ASX on 31 July 2020.

                                  Performance period               For the FY21 grant, the performance period was the two-year period of the Medium-Term
                                                                   Business Plan i.e. the combined FY21 and FY22 period.




For personal use only
                                  Performance hurdles              The FY21 LTI grants are in two equal tranches: the first tranche is measured against Normalised
                                                                   NPBT over the performance period. The remaining tranche is measured against Normalised ROC
                                                                   averaged over the performance period.
                                                                   For the FY21 grant, 50 per cent of rights vest at the minimum (target) performance level and 100
                                                                   per cent of rights vest at the maximum performance target, with vesting between these points on
                                                                   a pro rata basis.

                                  Vesting schedule                 a) Normalised NPBT (50 per cent of the performance rights)
                                                                   The percentage of performance rights attributed to the Normalised NPBT hurdle that is available
                                                                   to vest, if any, will be determined with reference to the Company’s Normalised NPBT performance
                                                                   as set out in the table below.


                                                                    Normalised NPBT                     Percentage of performance rights attributed to Normalised
                                                                                                        NPBT hurdle that become ‘qualified performance rights’
                                                                                                        and are available to vest

                                                                    Below $413.8 million                                            0%
                                                                    At $413.8 million                                              50%
                                                                    Between $413.8 million and                              On a pro-rata basis
                                                                    $517.3 million
                                                                    At maximum performance                                        100%
                                                                    ($517.3 million)

                                                                   b) Normalised ROC (50 per cent of the performance rights)
                                                                   The percentage of performance rights attributed to the Normalised ROC hurdle that is available to
                                                                   vest, if any, will be determined with reference to the Company’s Normalised ROC performance as
                                                                   set out in the table below.


                                                                    Normalised ROC                      Percentage of performance rights attributed to Normalised
                                                                                                        ROC hurdle that become ‘Qualified performance rights’ and
                                                                                                        are available to vest
                                                                    Below 12%                                                      0%
                                                                    At 12%                                                         50%
                                                                    Between 12% and 15.9%                                   On a pro-rata basis
                                                                    At 15.9%                                                       100%


                                  Qualifying/qualified             Performance rights that have become eligible for vesting, having met the performance hurdle but
                                  performance rights               not yet met the vesting conditions.
                             81                                                                            SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25
                        81                                                                            SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25



                             REMUNERATION                                                                                                REPO RTING PERIOD
                             REPORT (AUDITED)                                                                                           ENDED 28 JUNE 2025


                                     Vesting period                    For the FY21 grant, once the performance conditions were satisfied (within the performance
                                                                       period), the performance rights vest over the subsequent years in accordance with the following
                                                                       schedule:

                                                                       Time after grant of performance rights:             Proportion of performance rights that vest:
                                                                       Two years                                           One third
                                                                       Three years                                         One third
                                                                       Four years                                          One third

                                     Testing                           There is no retesting of performance hurdles under the plan.

                                     Vesting conditions                Post testing, the vesting conditions are:
                                                                           that the participant is continuously employed by the Group until the vesting date in
                                                                            respect of each tranche; and




For personal use only
                                                                           the participant’s behaviour until the vesting date meets the requirements of the Plan
                                                                            Rules and in particular has not contravened Rule 9.1.1.

                                     Dividends and voting rights       Performance rights do not carry voting or dividend rights.

                                     Principles for Board discretion       Preserve the purpose and integrity of the LTI Plan.
                                     on equity-based incentive
                                                                           Maintain the integrity of each year’s remuneration as awarded.
                                     plans
                                                                           Maintain the level of performance expected when the original targets were set.
                                                                           Be consistent with general market/security holder expectations, particularly for the alignment
                                                                            of performance-based remuneration with the interests of shareholders.
                                                                           Be able to be implemented without requiring special approvals, for example from the ASX or
                                                                            security holders.
                                                                           Not hinder the success of any transaction (such as a significant acquisition) given that
                                                                            executives do not otherwise receive incentive-type payments for merger and acquisition
                                                                            activity.
                                                                           Discretion should only be exercised for events or items over the performance period that have
                                                                            a material impact on the outcome.
                                                                           Adjustments (positive and negative) are made at the time of vesting (there may be more than
                                                                            one relevant event during the performance period).


                             The treatment on cessation of employment and change of control are common to all plans under the EIP and are outlined in Table 20.


                             OTHER KEY TERMS OF THE EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN RULES
                             The Super Retail Group Employee Equity Incentive Plan (EIP) Rules govern both the deferred STI Scheme and the LTI Plan, as well as the
                             other equity awards described in this report (see ‘Other Equity’ section below). Table 20 outlines further key provisions under the EIP rules
                             that apply to the restricted shares (deferred STI), performance rights (LTI) and other equity awards described in this report. The EIP rules
                             are available in the Corporate Governance section of the Company’s website.

                             Table 20: Key terms of the EIP rules

                                     Prohibition on hedging            The EIP rules specifically prohibit a participant from entering into any scheme, arrangement or
                                                                       agreement (including options, securities lending, hedging or derivative products) under which the
                                                                       participant may alter the economic benefit to be derived from any performance rights or restricted
                                                                       shares. Where a participant enters, or purports to enter, into any scheme, arrangement or
                                                                       agreement, the Board may determine that the award immediately lapses or is forfeited (as the
                                                                       case may be).

                                     Clawback provisions               The Board has discretion under the EIP rules to determine any treatment in relation to
                                                                       participants’ awards, both vested and unvested, as it sees fit, in certain circumstances such as
                                                                       fraud, dishonesty, or breach of obligations (including, without limitation, a material misstatement
                                                                       of financial information). Such treatment may include a decision by the Board to cause the lapse or
                                                                       forfeiture of some or all of the participant's awards or, where shares allocated to the participant
                                                                       under the EIP have been subsequently sold, require the participant to repay the net proceeds of
                                                                       such a sale.
                           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                82
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                        82



                           REMUNERATION                                                                                              REPO RTING PERIOD
                           REPORT (AUDITED)                                                                                         ENDED 28 JUNE 2025


                                  Treatment on cessation of        If a participant ceases to be an employee of the Group for any reason, the Board has broad
                                  employment                       discretion to determine that a different treatment applies in respect of any unvested awards. For
                                                                   example, the Board could determine that a pro-rata number of the participant’s awards will vest at
                                                                   the original time of vesting (subject to the satisfaction of original performance hurdles and any
                                                                   other vesting conditions that are not service related).
                                                                   Where the Board does not apply such discretion, some default treatments apply on cessation of
                                                                   employment. For example, where an employee resigns or is terminated for cause (including gross
                                                                   misconduct), their unvested rights will lapse immediately unless the Board determines otherwise.
                                                                   In other situations, unvested performance rights may remain on foot and vest (or otherwise lapse)
                                                                   in accordance with their terms.

                                  Change of control provisions     Should a change of control event occur, the Board has discretion to determine how unvested
                                                                   awards should be treated, having regard to factors such as the level of performance to date, the
                                                                   length of time elapsed in the performance period and the circumstances of the change of control.
                                                                   Where the Board does not exercise its discretion, there will be a pro-rated accelerated vesting of




For personal use only
                                                                   unvested performance rights.



                           All equity awarded under the EIP has a maximum value dependent on future share price and a minimum value of nil.


                           OTHER EQUITY
                           CEO co-investment award
                           At the 2019 AGM, shareholders approved a one-off grant of performance rights to Group MD and CEO Anthony Heraghty in the form of a
                           co-investment award on the condition that Mr Heraghty self-fund the acquisition of ordinary shares in the Company of an equivalent value.
                           The intent of this grant was to further align the Group MD and CEO’s interests with the interests of shareholders and to provide an
                           opportunity for Mr Heraghty to build his shareholding, and this was agreed in Mr Heraghty’s employment contract. Mr Heraghty satisfied
                           the requirement to acquire shares of an equivalent value in March 2019 and as such, the co-investment grant was made following receipt
                           of shareholder approval at the 2019 AGM. The performance rights vested on the third (50 per cent), fourth (25 per cent) and fifth (25 per
                           cent) anniversaries of the date of the contract. The co-investment award vested in February 2022, February 2023 and February 2024. A
                           dividend equivalent payment was also payable as described in Table 7.
                           MD Macpac - initial incentive award
                           Cathy Seaholme joined the Company as Managing Director - Macpac on 25 October 2021. Due to no LTI grant being made to Executive
                           KMP during FY22, Ms Seaholme’s initial terms included an incentive opportunity of NZ$341,000 based on the achievement of the Macpac
                           segment against the budget for FY22 and FY23, as assessed by the Board at the end of FY23. Under the incentive opportunity, 50 per cent
                           was paid in cash in September 2023, 25 per cent was delivered in shares in September 2023 and 25 per cent was delivered in restricted
                           shares in September 2023 on which restrictions lifted in August 2024. The Board considered this was an appropriate performance-related
                           mechanism to build share ownership in the period before any reward was received from Ms Seaholme’s first LTI grant.
                           One-off outperformance award
                           The Board made the decision in FY21 to make one-off changes to the approach to the LTI arrangements for the Executive Leadership Team.
                           The FY21 LTI had a two-year performance period ending in FY22 and also included the FY22 LTI reward. There was no LTI grant in FY22 for
                           Executive KMP. Bringing forward the FY22 LTI reward into the FY21 LTI grant created a gap in the testing of LTI outcomes in FY24 resulting
                           in a lower amount of LTI to potentially vest in 2024 and 2025 when compared to the steady state. As disclosed in the FY23 Remuneration
                           Report, to address this gap in potential equity vesting in FY24 and to support retention of executives and incentivise outperformance, the
                           Board determined that a restricted equity-based award on a one-off basis was appropriate for FY23 dependent on significant
                           outperformance of NPBT.
                           The one-off outperformance award was based on outperformance of the NPBT stretch target. The maximum level of this award was
                           considered met when Normalised NPBT exceeded the stretch target by more than 7.5 per cent. The FY23 Normalised NPBT result of $390.6
                           million was such that the Board approved 100 per cent of this award. The additional reward to executives under this one-off
                           outperformance award was $2.6 million and represented three per cent of the additional profit generated. Following discussions with the
                           Board’s independent remuneration advisers, the Board was satisfied that this was well within market practice. The value of the award
                           determined by the Board was delivered in the form of restricted shares in September 2023 with restrictions lifting in August 2024. Delivery
                           of the reward in the form of equity continued to build the executives’ holdings towards the Minimum Securities Holding, strengthening
                           alignment to shareholders’ interests. Deferral of the reward also allowed the Board to apply clawback in the unlikely event that should be
                           warranted.

                           TERMINATION ARRANGEMENTS
                           No Executive KMP ceased employment with Super Retail Group during FY25.
                             83                                                                         SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25
                        83                                                                            SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25



                             REMUNERATION                                                                                             REPO RTING PERIOD
                             REPORT (AUDITED)                                                                                        ENDED 28 JUNE 2025


                             SERVICE AGREEMENTS
                             Remuneration and other terms of employment for ongoing Executive KMP are formalised in service agreements. Each of these agreements
                             provides for, but does not guarantee, participation in STI and LTI arrangements. All service agreements with Executive KMP may be
                             terminated by either party as shown in Table 21.

                             Table 21: Key terms of Executive KMP Service Agreements

                                                                                   Agreement              Notice period if      Notice period if       Commencement
                                                                   Term of       commencement                company               executive              date with
                               Name                               agreement          date(1)                terminates            terminates          Super Retail Group

                               Anthony Heraghty                    Ongoing        20 February 2019          12 months              9 months                  27 April 2015
                               Paul Bradshaw                       Ongoing       25 November 2019            6 months              6 months            25 November 2019
                               David Burns                         Ongoing          3 October 2018           6 months              3 months             3 December 2012
                               Cathy Seaholme                      Ongoing         25 October 2021           6 months              6 months              25 October 2021




For personal use only
                               Benjamin Ward                       Ongoing           1 August 2019           6 months              3 months                   29 July 2019
                               Gary Williams                       Ongoing             2 April 2019          6 months              3 months                   2 April 2019
                             (1)   Commencement date of KMP service agreement.



                             Service agreements do not provide for termination payments. However, service agreements specify the notice period required and note
                             that the executive may be required to work some or all of the notice period, and the Company reserves the right to pay in lieu of notice.

                             PERIOD OF RESTRAINT
                             Executives, including Executive KMP, are subject to post-employment restraints under their service agreements. Upon cessation of
                             employment for any reason, the employee must not compete with the Group’s relevant specialty retailing businesses (including direct or
                             indirect involvement as a principal, agent, partner, employee, shareholder, unit holder, director, trustee, beneficiary, manager, contractor,
                             adviser or financier), without first obtaining the consent of the Company in writing. The restraint period is 12 months for all Executive KMP.

                             SECURITIES TRADING POLICY/HEDGING
                             Under the Company's Securities Trading Policy, Company securities cannot be hedged prior to their vesting or while they are subject to a
                             holding lock or restriction on dealing under the terms of an employee, executive or director equity plan operated by the Company.
                            SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                             84
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                        84



                           REMUNERATION                                                                                              REPO RTING PERIOD
                           REPORT (AUDITED)                                                                                         ENDED 28 JUNE 2025


                           SECTION 7
                           Non-Executive Director Remuneration Arrangements
                           NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR REMUNERATION STRUCTURE
                           The Company’s remuneration strategy is designed to attract and retain experienced, qualified Non-Executive Directors and to remunerate
                           appropriately to reflect the responsibilities of the position. Non-Executive Directors receive fees to recognise their contribution to the work
                           of the Board and the associated committees on which they serve.
                           The BHRRC annually reviews the level of fees payable to Non-Executive Directors. Under the current fee framework, Non-Executive
                           Directors are remunerated by way of a base fee, with additional fees paid to the chairs and members of committees; namely, the Board
                           Audit Committee (BAC), the Board Risk and Sustainability Committee (BRSC) and the Board Human Resources and Remuneration
                           Committee (BHRRC). This reflects the additional time commitment required by the chairs and members of these committees. The fee for
                           a committee chair is inclusive of the committee member fee.




For personal use only
                           The Board Chair receives an all-inclusive fee and no other fees (e.g. Committee fees) are received.
                           Fees are inclusive of superannuation contributions required under applicable legislation.

                           NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR FEES
                           At the 2023 AGM, shareholders approved a maximum fee pool of $2 million a year. The fees paid to Non-Executive Directors are set out in
                           Table 22 and are annual fees, inclusive of superannuation, unless otherwise stated. The Board considered base and Committee fees for
                           FY25 and made adjustments consistent with data benchmarked to ASX-listed companies with a similar market capitalisation. Prior to this,
                           base and Committee fees were last increased in FY22.

                           Table 22: Non-Executive Director fees FY25
                                                                                                        Board Human
                                                                                                                              Board Risk &
                                                                                          Board Audit   Resources and                               Board Nomination
                                      2025                            Board                                                   Sustainability
                                                                                          Committee     Remuneration                                   Committee
                                                                                                                               Committee
                                                                                                         Committee

                                    Chair(1), (2)                   $380,000               $45,000        $45,000                $45,000                    Nil

                                    Members                         $165,000               $20,000        $20,000                $20,000                    Nil
                                                                                                        Board Human
                                                                                                                              Board Risk &
                                                                                          Board Audit   Resources and                               Board Nomination
                                      2024                            Board                                                   Sustainability
                                                                                          Committee     Remuneration                                   Committee
                                                                                                                               Committee
                                                                                                         Committee

                                    Chair(1), (2)                   $360,000               $45,000        $45,000                $35,000                    Nil

                                    Members                         $145,000               $15,000        $15,000                $13,000                    Nil

                           (1)   Committee fees are not paid to the Chair of the Board.
                           (2)   Committee chair fee is inclusive of member fee.
                             85                                                                                                SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25
                        85                                                                                               SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25



                             REMUNERATION                                                                                                                             REPO RTING PERIOD
                             REPORT (AUDITED)                                                                                                                        ENDED 28 JUNE 2025


                             Details of the remuneration of the Non-Executive Directors of the Company are set out in Table 23.

                             Table 23: Non-Executive Directors Remuneration calculated in accordance with Australian accounting standards

                                                                                                                                                                        Post-
                                                                                                                                                                     employment
                                                                          Year                                Short-term benefits                                      benefits                    Total



                                                                                       Cash salary and                 Cash              Non- monetary
                                                                                            fees                      bonus                 benefits              Superannuation                  Total
                               Name                                                           $                         $                      $                        $                           $

                               Judith Swales                              FY25                   305,264                           -                         -                27,683                  332,947

                                                                          FY24                   156,254                           -                         -                17,188                  173,442




For personal use only
                               Kate Burleigh(1)                           FY25                   105,951                           -                         -                12,184                  118,135

                                                                          FY24                            -                        -                         -                        -                        -

                               Annabelle Chaplain AM                      FY25                   188,341                           -                         -                21,659                  210,000

                                                                          FY24                   159,159                           -                         -                17,508                  176,667

                               Peter Everingham                           FY25                   206,278                           -                         -                23,722                  230,000

                                                                          FY24                   183,183                           -                         -                20,150                  203,333

                               Mark O’Hare                                FY25                   183,857                           -                         -                21,144                  205,001

                                                                          FY24                   145,319                           -                         -                15,985                  161,304

                               Colin Storrie(1)                           FY25                   153,701                           -                         -                17,676                  171,377

                                                                          FY24                            -                        -                         -                        -                        -

                               Penny Winn(1)                              FY25                   183,857                           -                         -                21,144                  205,001

                                                                          FY24                    84,208                           -                         -                  9,263                   93,471

                               Former Non-Executive Directors

                               Sally Pitkin AO(2)                         FY25                   119,516                           -                         -                        -               119,516

                                                                          FY24                   360,000                           -                         -                        -               360,000

                               Howard Mowlem(2)                           FY25                            -                        -                         -                        -                        -

                                                                          FY24                   179,984                           -                         -                19,798                  199,782

                               Total                                      FY25                 1,446,765                           -                         -               145,212                1,591,977

                               Total                                      FY24                 1,268,107                           -                         -                99,892                1,367,999
                             (1)   Ms Winn commenced as KMP on 1 December 2023 and remuneration disclosed in the table for FY24 is from this date. Mr Storrie commenced as KMP on 1 September 2024 and Ms Burleigh
                                   commenced as KMP on 11 November 2024 and remuneration disclosed in the table for FY25 is from these dates.
                             (2)   Mr Mowlem ceased to be a KMP on 29 June 2024 and remuneration disclosed in the table for FY24 is until this date. Ms Pitkin ceased to be a KMP on 24 October 2024 and remuneration
                                   disclosed in the table for FY25 is until this date.
                           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                                                              86
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                                                                      86



                           REMUNERATION                                                                                                                               REPO RTING PERIOD
                           REPORT (AUDITED)                                                                                                                          ENDED 28 JUNE 2025


                           SHAREHOLDINGS OF NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS AND THEIR RELATED PARTIES

                           Table 24 sets out details of ordinary shares in the Company held during the financial year by Non-Executive Directors and their
                           related parties.

                           Table 24: Shareholdings of Non-Executive Directors and their related parties (1)


                                                                                   Held at                   Shares acquired                       Shares purchased/                                  Held at
                                                                            29 June 2024(2)                       under DRP                                (disposed)                          28 June 2025(3)

                            Judith Swales                                             10,125                                 494                                  12,667                                 23,286
                            Kate Burleigh                                                     -                                  -                                11,376                                 11,376
                            Annabelle Chaplain AM                                     26,911                                     -                                        -                              26,911
                            Peter Everingham                                          60,000                                     -                                        -                              60,000
                            Mark O’Hare(4)                                       66,020,166                                      -                         (65,915,166)                                 105,000




For personal use only
                            Colin Storrie                                               5,000                                371                                    6,500                                11,871
                            Penny Winn                                                11,500                                     -                                        -                              11,500
                            Former Director
                            Sally Pitkin AO                                           72,405                                     -                                        -                              72,405
                           (1)   Includes the Non-Executive Director's close family members or any entity they or their close family members control, jointly control or significantly influence.
                           (2)   Or date of appointment if later. Ms Burleigh was appointed as Non-Executive Director on 11 November 2024, and Mr Storrie was appointed on 1 September 2024.
                           (3)   Or date of ceasing to be a KMP if earlier. Ms Pitkin ceased to be a Director on 24 October 2024.
                           (4)   Includes 65,920,166 shares held under powers of attorney noted in Mr O’Hare’s Appendix 3Y dated 24 May 2024. Mr O’Hare’s Appendix 3Y dated 8 October 2024 details these shares for
                                 which he no longer holds power of attorney and which are considered disposed of during the period.


                           MINIMUM SECURITIES HOLDING POLICY

                           Under the Company's Minimum Securities Holding Policy, Non-Executive Directors are required to acquire ordinary shares in the Company
                           equivalent in value to 100 per cent of their annual base fee (before tax and superannuation and excluding Committee fees). The minimum
                           shareholding target must be met by Non-Executive Directors within three years of the later of the date the Policy commenced and their
                           appointment.
                           As at the date of this report, Ms Chaplain, Mr Everingham, Mr O’Hare, and Mr Storrie have met the minimum shareholding requirement
                           based on the Company’s closing share price on 27 June 2025 (being the last ASX trading day for FY25). Ms Burleigh and Ms Winn stand at
                           96 per cent and 97 per cent respectively, and hence are on track to meet the minimum shareholding requirement within three years of
                           their appointments on 11 November 2024 and 1 December 2023 respectively, and Ms Swales, at 86 per cent, is on track to meet the
                           minimum shareholding requirement within three years of her appointment as Chair, in line with the Minimum Securities Holding Policy.
                           The Minimum Securities Holding Policy is available in the Corporate Governance section of the Company's website.

                           NO PERFORMANCE-BASED FEES
                           To ensure the independence of our Non-Executive Directors, they do not receive performance-related remuneration.

                           NO TERMINATION PAYMENTS
                           Non-Executive Directors are not eligible for termination payments on their retirement from office or to receive retirement benefits other
                           than superannuation contributions required under applicable legislation.
                             87                                                                      SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25
                        87                                                                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25



                             REMUNERATION                                                                                         REPO RTING PERIOD
                             REPORT (AUDITED)                                                                                    ENDED 28 JUNE 2025


                             SECTION 8
                             Transactions with KMP

                             This section applies to Non-Executive Directors and Executive KMP.

                             LOANS TO KMP AND THEIR RELATED PARTIES

                             There are no loans made to KMP or their related parties during the reporting period or that remain unsettled at the end of the reporting
                             period or the date of this report.

                             OTHER TRANSACTIONS WITH KMP

                             There were no transactions during the reporting period between the Group and members of KMP or their close family members or
                             controlled entities other than those disclosed in this report.




For personal use only
                           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                             88
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                     88



                           REMUNERATION                                                                                               REPO RTING PERIOD
                           REPORT (AUDITED)                                                                                          ENDED 28 JUNE 2025


                           SECTION 9
                           Remuneration Governance

                           The Board is responsible for overseeing the Company’s remuneration framework and ensuring that it is aligned with the Company's vision,
                           mission, values, strategic objectives and risk appetite. The BHRRC assists the Board in its oversight of the remuneration framework by
                           reviewing and making recommendations to the Board in relation to the overall human resources and remuneration practices of
                           the Group.
                           The BHRRC currently comprises three Non-Executive Directors: Peter Everingham (Chair), Mark O’Hare and Judith Swales. Details of the
                           number of times the BHRRC met and attendance at those meetings during the reporting period is set out in the Directors’ Report on page
                           52. The responsibilities of the BHRRC are outlined in its Charter, which is available in the Corporate Governance section of the Company's
                           website.
                           The Board Risk and Sustainability Committee (BRSC) liaises with the BHRRC, as necessary, to ensure there is effective coordination between




For personal use only
                           the Committees and an alignment between the Company's Risk and Compliance Management Framework and remuneration outcomes.
                           The following diagram outlines the Company's remuneration governance framework.

                           Table 25: Remuneration Governance Framework

                                                                                  Super Retail Group Limited Board



                            Board Human Resources and Remuneration Committee (BHRRC)                         Board Risk and Sustainability Committee (BRSC)

                                                                                                    -
                              Assists the Board in setting and overseeing the Group's                   Assists the Board with oversight of the implementation
                              remuneration framework.                                                   and operation of the Group's Risk and Compliance
                                                                                                        Management Framework.
                              Key responsibilities include reviewing and making
                              recommendations to the Board on:                                          The BRSC makes recommendations and provides feedback to
                                                                                                        the BHRRC on relevant matters that may impact
                              -    the Company's remuneration policies, incentive and
                                                                                                        remuneration, including with respect to remuneration
                                   equity plans and remuneration structure
                                                                                                        outcomes, adjustments to remuneration in light of relevant
                              -    the process for the Board's annual review of the
                                                                                                        matters, and alignment of remuneration with the Risk and
                                   performance of the Group MD and CEO and direct
                                                                                                        Compliance Management Framework.
                                   reports
                              -    the remuneration outcomes for the Group MD and CEO
                                   and direct reports (having regard to the Group MD and
                                   CEO's recommendations)
                                                                                                                     External remuneration consultants
                              -    fees for Non-Executive Directors
                              -    the effectiveness of the remuneration framework and
                                   its compliance with legislative and regulatory                       Where appropriate, BHRRC seeks information and advice
                                   requirements.                                                        regarding remuneration directly from external
                                                                                                        remuneration consultants.
                                                                                                        During FY25, the BHRRC engaged independent
                                          Shareholders and other stakeholders                           remuneration advisers to provide remuneration
                                                                                                        benchmarking information and market data. No
                              From time to time, there is consultation with shareholders,               remuneration recommendations, as defined in the
                              proxy advisers and other relevant stakeholders to discuss                 Corporations Act, were provided by remuneration
                              the Company's approach to remuneration and receive any                    consultants during FY25.
                              feedback.
                              During FY25, the Chair and the Chair of the BHRRC and the
                              Board Audit Committee (BAC) met with proxy advisers and
                              investor bodies.
                        89                       SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25




                             2025
                             Financial
                             Statements


                             For the financial
                             year ended




For personal use only
                             28 June 2025
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                            90
                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                     90


                          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                          For the period ended 28 June 2025
                                                                                                                                           2025        2024
                                                                                                                Notes                       $m          $m

                          Revenue                                                                                                        4,070.1     3,893.7
                          Other income                                                                                                       8.1         8.4
                          Total revenues and other income                                                          5                     4,078.2     3,902.1
                          Expenses
                          Cost of sales of goods                                                                                       (2,212.7)    (2,098.7)
                          Other expenses from ordinary activities
                           - selling and distribution                                                                                    (542.3)     (511.6)
                           - marketing                                                                                                   (102.8)     (107.0)
                           - occupancy                                                                                                   (319.7)     (297.8)
                           - administration                                                                                              (516.1)     (489.4)
                          Finance costs                                                                            6                      (70.3)      (57.8)




For personal use only
                          Total expenses                                                                                               (3,763.9)    (3,562.3)

                          Profit before income tax                                                                                         314.3       339.8
                          Income tax expense                                                                      15                      (92.5)       (99.7)
                          Profit for the period                                                                                            221.8       240.1

                          Profit for the period is attributable to:
                          Owners of Super Retail Group Limited                                                                             221.8       240.1


                          OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                          Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
                          Gains / (losses) on cash flow hedges                                                    20                        (2.3)         0.1
                          Hedging (gains) / losses reclassified to profit or loss                                 20                        (0.1)       (1.8)
                          Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                               20                          1.9       (1.2)
                          Other comprehensive income for the period, net of tax                                                             (0.5)       (2.9)


                          Total comprehensive income for the period is attributable to:
                          Owners of Super Retail Group Limited                                                                             221.3       237.2


                          Earnings per share for profit attributable to the ordinary equity holders of
                          the Company:
                          Basic earnings per share                                                                18                        98.2       106.3
                          Diluted earnings per share                                                              18                        97.4       105.4



                          The above consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                        91                                                                               SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25
                             91                                                                                SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25


                             CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                             As at 28 June 2025

                                                                                                                                      2025            2024
                                                                                                                          Notes        $m              $m
                             ASSETS
                             Current assets
                             Cash and cash equivalents                                                                         7      63.3            217.5
                             Trade and other receivables                                                                       8      51.0             50.2
                             Inventories                                                                                        9    886.8            846.1
                             Derivative financial instruments                                                                  17        -              0.2
                             Total current assets                                                                                   1,001.1         1,114.0


                             Non-current assets
                             Property, plant and equipment                                                                     10    356.6            298.7
                             Intangible assets                                                                                 11    838.2            846.4




For personal use only
                             Right-of-use assets                                                                               12   1,109.8           986.6
                             Deferred tax assets                                                                               15      30.9            17.6
                             Total non-current assets                                                                               2,335.5         2,149.3
                             Total assets                                                                                           3,336.6         3,263.3


                             LIABILITIES
                             Current liabilities
                             Trade and other payables                                                                          13    585.5            580.6
                             Lease liabilities                                                                                 12    223.6            200.3
                             Current tax liabilities                                                                           15     17.3             36.9
                             Provisions                                                                                        16    108.8            113.6
                             Derivative financial instruments                                                                  17       3.2               -
                             Total current liabilities                                                                               938.4            931.4


                             Non-current liabilities
                             Borrowings                                                                                        14         -               -
                             Lease liabilities                                                                                 12   1,012.2           903.1
                             Deferred tax liabilities                                                                          15       7.4            10.2
                             Provisions                                                                                        16     57.2             45.4
                             Total non-current liabilities                                                                          1,076.8           958.7
                             Total liabilities                                                                                      2,015.2         1,890.1


                             NET ASSETS                                                                                             1,321.4         1,373.2


                             EQUITY
                             Contributed equity                                                                                19    740.7            740.7
                             Reserves                                                                                          20      2.4              7.2
                             Retained earnings                                                                                 20    578.3            625.3
                             TOTAL EQUITY                                                                                           1,321.4         1,373.2



                             The above consolidated balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                   92
                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                            92


                          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                          For the period ended 28 June 2025

                                                                                           Contributed       Other Equity           Reserves       Retained    Total
                                                                                                Equity                                             Earnings   Equity
                                                                               Notes                 $m                 $m                   $m         $m       $m


                          Balance at 1 July 2023                                                   740.7              (3.8)              17.4         613.3   1,367.6


                          Profit for the period                                                         -                 -                    -      240.1    240.1
                          Other comprehensive loss for the period                                       -                 -              (2.9)            -     (2.9)
                          Total comprehensive income for the period                                     -                 -              (2.9)        240.1    237.2


                          Transactions with owners in
                          their capacity as owners
                          Dividends paid                                         20                     -                 -                    -    (228.1)   (228.1)
                          Issue of treasury shares to employees                  19                     -               3.8                    -          -       3.8




For personal use only
                          Employee share schemes                                 20                     -                 -              (7.3)            -     (7.3)
                                                                                                        -               3.8              (7.3)      (228.1)   (231.6)
                          Balance at 29 June 2024                                                 740.7                   -                  7.2      625.3   1,373.2



                          Profit for the period                                                         -                 -                    -      221.8    221.8
                          Other comprehensive loss for the period                                       -                 -              (0.5)            -     (0.5)
                          Total comprehensive income for the period                                     -                 -              (0.5)        221.8    221.3


                          Transactions with owners in
                          their capacity as owners
                          Dividends paid                                         20                     -                 -                    -    (268.8)   (268.8)
                          Acquisition of treasury shares                         19                     -             (0.2)                    -          -     (0.2)
                          Issue of treasury shares to employees                  19                     -               0.1                    -          -       0.1
                          Sale of shares by the trust                            19                     -               0.1                    -          -       0.1
                          Employee share schemes                                 20                     -                 -              (4.3)            -     (4.3)
                                                                                                        -                 -              (4.3)      (268.8)   (273.1)
                          Balance at 28 June 2025                                                 740.7                   -                  2.4      578.3   1,321.4



                          The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                        93                                                                               SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25
                             93                                                                                SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25


                             CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                             For the period ended 28 June 2025

                                                                                                                                             2025       2024
                                                                                                                                Notes         $m          $m
                             Cash flows from operating activities
                             Receipts from customers (inclusive of goods and services tax)                                                4,519.5     4,322.9
                             Payments to suppliers and employees (inclusive of goods and services tax)                                   (3,766.2)   (3,515.3)
                             Rental payments                                                                                                (48.5)      (39.6)
                             Income taxes paid                                                                                            (127.5)     (132.9)
                             Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                            21        577.3       635.1


                             Cash flows from investing activities
                             Payments for property, plant and equipment and computer software                                             (165.7)     (135.0)
                             Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                                                              0.3         0.1
                             Net cash (outflow) from investing activities                                                                 (165.4)     (134.9)




For personal use only
                             Cash flows from financing activities
                             Proceeds from borrowings                                                                           22(d)       534.0            -
                             Repayment of borrowings                                                                            22(d)     (534.0)            -
                             Lease principal payments                                                                                     (231.6)     (199.1)
                             Borrowing costs paid                                                                                            (1.6)           -
                             Interest paid                                                                                                  (68.0)      (55.9)
                             Interest received                                                                                                3.7         8.3
                             Dividends paid to Company’s shareholders                                                             23      (268.8)     (228.1)
                             Net cash (outflow) from financing activities                                                                 (566.3)     (474.8)


                             Net increase / (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                       (154.4)        25.4


                             Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period                                                       217.5       192.3
                             Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                                    0.2        (0.2)
                             Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period                                                        7         63.3       217.5



                             The above consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                            94
                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                    94


                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                          For the period ended 28 June 2025


                          TABLE OF CONTENTS

                          Basis of Preparation
                          1.      Reporting entity                                                                          95
                          2.      Summary of material accounting policy information                                         95
                          3.      Critical accounting estimates and judgements                                              98
                          Group Performance
                          4.      Segment information                                                                       99
                          5.      Revenue and other income                                                                 102
                          6.      Expenses                                                                                 102
                          Assets and Liabilities
                          7.      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                103
                          8.      Trade and other receivables                                                              104
                          9.      Inventories                                                                              105




For personal use only
                          10.     Property, plant and equipment                                                            105
                          11.     Intangible assets                                                                        107
                          12.     Leases                                                                                   110
                          13.     Trade and other payables                                                                 112
                          14.     Borrowings                                                                               112
                          15.     Income taxes                                                                             113
                          16.     Provisions                                                                               118
                          17.     Financial assets and financial liabilities                                               120
                          Capital Structure, Financing and Risk Management
                          18.     Earnings per share                                                                       123
                          19.     Contributed equity                                                                       123
                          20.     Reserves and retained earnings                                                           124
                          21.     Reconciliation of profit after income tax to net cash inflow from operating activities   125
                          22.     Financial risk management                                                                126
                          23.     Capital management                                                                       132
                          Group Structure
                          24.     Related party transactions                                                               134
                          25.     Investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures                               134
                          26.     Deed of cross guarantee                                                                  135
                          27.     Parent entity financial information                                                      137
                          Other
                          28.     Key Management Personnel disclosures                                                     138
                          29.     Share-based payments                                                                     138
                          30.     Remuneration of auditors                                                                 140
                          31.     Contingencies                                                                            141
                          32.     Commitments                                                                              141
                          33.     Net tangible asset backing                                                               141
                          34.     Events occurring after balance date                                                      141
                        95                                                                            SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25
                             95                                                                             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25


                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                             For the period ended 28 June 2025

                             1.        Reporting entity

                             Super Retail Group Limited (the Company or parent entity) is a for-profit company incorporated and domiciled in Australia. The address of
                             the Company’s registered office and principal place of business is 6 Coulthards Avenue, Strathpine, Queensland.

                             The consolidated annual financial report of the Company as at and for the period ended 28 June 2025 comprises the Company and its
                             subsidiaries (together referred to as the Group, and individually as Group entities).

                             The Group is primarily involved in the retail industry. Principal activities of the Group consist of:
                                 retailing of auto parts and accessories, tools and equipment;
                                 retailing of boating, camping, outdoor equipment, fishing equipment and apparel; and
                                 retailing of sporting equipment and apparel.

                             2.        Summary of material accounting policy information

                             This section sets out the principal accounting policies upon which the Group’s consolidated financial statements are prepared as a whole.




For personal use only
                             Specific accounting policies are described in their respective Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. These policies have been
                             consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.

                             (a)       Basis of preparation

                             Statement of compliance
                             This general-purpose financial report has been prepared in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and Interpretations issued by the
                             Australian Accounting Standards Board and the Corporations Act.

                             The consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes of Super Retail Group comply with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the
                             International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).

                             Basis of measurement
                             These financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, unless otherwise stated.

                             (b)       Principles of consolidation

                             The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets and liabilities of all entities controlled by Super Retail Group Limited as at 28 June
                             2025 and the results of its controlled entities for the period then ended. The effects of all transactions between entities in the consolidated
                             Group are fully eliminated.

                             (i)       Transactions eliminated on consolidation
                             Intra-group balances and transactions, and any unrealised income and expenses arising from intra-group transactions, are eliminated in
                             preparing the consolidated financial statements. Unrealised losses are eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains, but only to the extent
                             that there is no evidence of impairment.

                             (ii)       Subsidiaries
                             Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The Group controls an entity when the Group is
                             exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power
                             to direct the activities of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group and these
                             are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.

                             (iii)        Business combinations
                             The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for all business combinations regardless of whether equity instruments or other assets
                             are acquired. The consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary comprises the fair value of the assets transferred, the liabilities
                             incurred and the equity interests issued by the Group. The consideration transferred also includes the fair value of any contingent consideration
                             arrangement and the fair value of any pre-existing equity interest in the subsidiary. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.
                             Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are, with limited exceptions, measured
                             initially at their fair values as at the acquisition date. On an acquisition-by-acquisition basis, the Group recognises any non-controlling interest
                             in the acquiree either at fair value or at the non-controlling interest’s proportionate share of the acquiree’s net identifiable assets.

                             The excess of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree and the acquisition-date fair value of
                             any previous equity interest in the acquiree over the fair value of the Group’s share of the net identifiable assets acquired is recorded as
                             goodwill. If those amounts are less than the fair value of the net identifiable assets of the subsidiary acquired, the difference is recognised
                             directly in profit or loss as a bargain purchase.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                            96
                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                    96


                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                          For the period ended 28 June 2025

                          2.        Summary of material accounting policy information (continued)

                          (b)       Principles of consolidation (continued)

                          (iii)     Business combinations (continued)
                          Where settlement of any part of cash consideration is deferred, the amounts payable in the future are discounted to their present value as
                          at the date of exchange. The discount rate used is the entity’s incremental borrowing rate, being the rate at which a similar borrowing could
                          be obtained from an independent financier under comparable terms and conditions.

                          Contingent consideration is classified either as equity or a financial liability. Amounts classified as a financial liability are subsequently
                          remeasured to fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.

                          (iv)       Changes in ownership interests
                          The Group treats transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of control as transactions with equity owners of the
                          Group. A change in ownership interest results in an adjustment between the carrying amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests
                          to reflect their relative interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount of the adjustment to non-controlling interests and
                          any consideration paid or received is recognised in a separate reserve within equity attributable to the owners of Super Retail Group.




For personal use only
                          When the Group ceases to consolidate or equity account for an investment because of a loss of control, joint control or significant influence,
                          any retained interest in the entity is remeasured to its fair value with the change in carrying amount recognised in profit or loss. This fair value
                          becomes the initial carrying amount for the purposes of subsequently accounting for the retained interest as an associate, joint venture or
                          financial asset. In addition, any amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in respect of that entity are accounted for as
                          if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. This may mean that amounts previously recognised in other
                          comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss.

                          If the ownership interest in a joint venture or an associate is reduced but joint control or significant influence is retained, only a proportionate
                          share of the amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss where appropriate.

                          (v)      Comparatives
                          Where applicable, various comparative balances have been reclassified to align with current period presentation. These amendments have
                          no material impact on the consolidated financial statements.

                          (c)       Foreign currency translation

                          (i)       Functional and presentation currency
                          Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency of the primary economic
                          environment in which the entity operates (‘the functional currency’). The consolidated financial statements are presented in Australian
                          dollars, which is Super Retail Group’s functional and presentation currency.

                          (ii)      Transactions and balances
                          Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions.
                          Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at year-end exchange rates of
                          monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in profit or loss, except when deferred in equity as qualifying
                          cash flow hedges and qualifying net investment hedges.

                          Translation differences on non-monetary items such as equities held at fair value through profit or loss, are reported as part of the fair value
                          gain or loss. Translation differences on non-monetary items, such as equities classified as fair value through other comprehensive income,
                          are included in the fair value reserve in other comprehensive income.

                          (iii)       Group companies
                          The results and financial position of all the Group entities (none of which has the currency of a hyperinflationary economy) that have a
                          functional currency different from the presentation currency are translated into the presentation currency as follows:
                           assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position presented are translated at the closing rate at the date of that statement of
                                financial position;
                           income and expenses for each income statement are translated at average exchange rates (unless this is not a reasonable approximation
                                of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at the dates
                                of the transactions); and
                           all resulting exchange differences are recognised as a separate component in other comprehensive income.

                          (d)        Goods and Services Tax

                          Revenues, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of goods and services tax, except where the amount of goods and services
                          tax incurred is not recoverable. In these circumstances the goods and services tax is recognised as part of the cost of acquisition of the asset
                          or as part of the item of expense. Receivables and payables in the consolidated statement of financial position are shown inclusive of goods
                          and services tax.

                          Cash flows are presented on a gross basis. The GST components of cash flows arising from investing or financing activities which are
                          recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority, are presented as operating cash flow.
                        97                                                                            SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25
                             97                                                                             SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25


                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                             For the period ended 28 June 2025

                             2.        Summary of material accounting policy information (continued)

                             (e)        Rounding of amounts

                             In accordance with ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors’ Reports) Instrument 2016/191, amounts in the financial report have
                             been rounded off in accordance with that instrument to the nearest hundred thousand dollars, unless otherwise stated.

                             (f)        Financial year

                             As allowed under Section 323D(2) of the Corporations Act, the Directors have determined the financial year to be a fixed period of 52 calendar
                             or 53 calendar weeks. For the period to 28 June 2025, the Group is reporting on the 52 week period that began 30 June 2024 and ended 28
                             June 2025. For the period to 29 June 2024, the Group is reporting on the 52 week period that began 2 July 2023 and ended 29 June 2024.

                             (g)        New and amended standards adopted by the Group

                             The Group has adopted all of the new and revised Standards and Interpretations issued by the AASB that are relevant to its operations and
                             effective for the current year.




For personal use only
                             Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current – Amendments to AASB 101 Presentation of Financial Statements
                             The amendments to AASB 101 specify the requirements for classifying liabilities as current or non-current. The amendments clarify:
                                        What is meant by a right to defer settlement
                                        That a right to defer must exist at the end of the reporting period
                                        That classification is unaffected by the likelihood that an entity will exercise its deferral right
                                        That only if an embedded derivative in a convertible liability is itself an equity instrument would the terms of a liability not impact
                                         its classification
                                        That only covenants with which an entity must comply on or before reporting date will affect a liability’s classification as current or
                                         non-current

                             In addition, an entity is required to disclose when a liability arising from a loan agreement is classified as non-current and the entity’s right to
                             defer settlement is contingent on compliance with future covenants within twelve months.

                             The amendments have not had an impact on the classification of the Group’s liabilities.

                             Supplier Finance Arrangements – Amendments to AASB 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures & AASB 107 Statement of Cash Flows
                             The amendments to AASB 7 and AASB 107 clarify the characteristics of supplier finance arrangements and require additional disclosure of
                             such arrangements. The disclosure requirements in the amendments are intended to assist users of financial statements in understanding
                             the effects of supplier finance arrangements on an entity’s liabilities, cash flows and exposure to liquidity risk.

                             As a result of implementing the amendments, the Group has provided additional disclosures about its supplier finance arrangement (refer
                             Note 13 – Trade and other payables).

                             International Tax Reform—Pillar Two Model Rules – Amendments to AASB 112 Income Taxes
                             The amendments to AASB 112 have been introduced in response to the OECD’s BEPS Pillar Two rules and include:
                                  A mandatory temporary exception to the recognition and disclosure of deferred taxes arising from the jurisdictional implementation of
                                   the Pillar Two model rules; and
                                  Disclosure requirements for affected entities to help users of the financial statements better understand an entity’s exposure to Pillar
                                   Two income taxes arising from that legislation, particularly before its effective date.

                             The Group has applied the exception to recognising and disclosing information about deferred tax assets and liabilities related to GloBE
                             minimum taxes. The Group has undertaken an analysis of the application of the Pillar Two Model Rules based on its group structure, financial
                             results and income tax profile across Australia, New Zealand and China and determined that the amendments have no impact on its
                             consolidated financial statements.

                             (h)       Impact of standards issued but not yet effective

                             Certain new accounting standards and interpretations have been published that are not mandatory for the 28 June 2025 reporting period
                             and have not been early adopted by the Group. Other than as described below, these standards are not expected to have a material impact
                             on the Group in the current or future reporting periods or on foreseeable future transactions.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                              98
                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                     98


                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                          For the period ended 28 June 2025

                          2.        Summary of material accounting policy information (continued)

                          (h)        Impact of standards issued but not yet effective (continued)

                          The following new Accounting Standards, which are not yet effective, were issued by the Australian Accounting Standards Board:

                          AASB 18 Presentation and Disclosures in Financial Statements
                          AASB 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements was issued by the Australian Accounting Standards Board in June 2024. AASB
                          18 is effective on 1 January, 2027 and is required to be applied retrospectively to comparative periods presented, with early adoption
                          permitted. AASB 18, upon adoption replaces AASB 101 Presentation of Financial Statements.

                          AASB 18 has been issued to improve how entities communicate in their financial statements, with a particular focus on information about
                          performance in the statement of profit or loss. The key presentation requirements are:
                               the presentation of newly defined subtotals in the statement of profit or loss;
                               the disclosure of management-defined performance measures (MPM); and
                               enhanced requirements for aggregating and disaggregating information.




For personal use only
                          AASB 18 will not impact the recognition or measurement of items in the financial statements, but it might change what an entity reports as
                          its ‘operating profit or loss’ due to the classification of certain income and expense items between the three new categories of the
                          consolidated statement of profit or loss (operating, investing and financing). Additionally, entities will be required to present subtotals for
                          ‘operating profit or loss’, ‘profit or loss before financing and income taxes’ and ‘profit or loss’. It might also change what an entity reports as
                          operating activities, investing activities and financing activities within the statement of cash flows, due to the change in classification of certain
                          cash flow items between these three categories. The Group is currently assessing the impact of adopting AASB 18.

                          Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments – Amendments to AASB 7 and AASB 9 Financial Instruments
                          Amendments to AASB 7 and AASB 9 are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026. Key elements include:
                              clarification that financial liabilities are derecognised on the ‘settlement date’, that is when the related obligation is discharged,
                               cancelled, expires or the liability otherwise qualifies for derecognition;
                              the introduction of an accounting policy option to derecognise financial liabilities that are settled through an electronic payment system
                               before the settlement date if certain conditions are met;
                              clarification on how to assess contractual cash flow characteristics that include environmental, social and governance (ESG)-linked
                               features and other similar contingent features;
                              clarification on how non-recourse features and contractually linked instruments are assessed for the purpose of applying the SPPI test
                               when determining the measurement basis of financial assets; and
                              the requirement for additional disclosures in AASB 7 for financial assets and liabilities with contractual terms that reference a contingent
                               event (including those that are ESG-linked), and equity instruments classified at fair value through other comprehensive income.

                          The new requirements are to be applied retrospectively with an adjustment to opening retained earnings. Prior periods are not required to
                          be restated. An entity is required to disclose information about financial assets that change their measurement category due to the
                          amendments. The Group is currently assessing the impact of adopting these amendments.


                          3.        Significant accounting judgements, estimates and assumptions

                          Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future
                          events that may have a financial impact on the Group and that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.

                          (a)       Significant accounting judgements, estimates and assumptions

                          The Group makes judgements, estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The judgements, estimates and assumptions that have a
                          significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are included in
                          the following Notes to the consolidated financial statements:
                                Note 9 – Inventories;
                                Note 11 – Intangible assets;
                                Note 12 – Leases; and
                                Note 16 – Provisions.
                        99                                                                                  SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25
                             99                                                                                  SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25


                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                             For the period ended 28 June 2025

                             4.         Segment information

                             (a)        Description of segments

                             Management have determined the operating segments based on the reports reviewed by the Chief Operating Decisions Maker which is
                             defined as the Group Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer (Group MD and CEO) that are used to make strategic decisions. No
                             operating segments have been aggregated to form reportable operating segments. This results in the following business segments:

                                   Supercheap Auto (SCA): retailing of auto parts and accessories, tools and equipment;
                                   rebel: retailing of sporting equipment and apparel;
                                   BCF: retailing of boating, camping, outdoor equipment, fishing equipment and apparel; and
                                   Macpac: retailing of apparel, camping and outdoor equipment.

                             (b)        Segment information provided to the Group MD and CEO

                             Detailed below is the information provided to the Group MD and CEO for reportable segments. Segment performance is evaluated based on




For personal use only
                             segment revenue and segment profit before tax (PBT) and is measured consistently with profit or loss in the consolidated financial statements.
                             Items not included in Normalised Net Profit After Tax (Normalised NPAT) and excluded from the calculation of Segment EBITDA and Segment
                             EBIT, are one-off charges relating to non-continuing operations, other items not in the ordinary course of business, and items that are unusual
                             due to their size and nature. Segment net inventory is a measure of working capital efficiency related to the effective management of
                             inventory.

                             Transfer prices between operating segments are on an arm’s-length basis in a manner similar to transactions with third parties.


                                                                                                                                               Total      Inter-segment
                                                                                                                                          continuing       eliminations/
                             For the period ended 28 June 2025                          SCA         rebel          BCF      Macpac        operations         unallocated     Consolidated
                                                                                         $m           $m           $m          $m                $m                  $m               $m
                             Segment Revenue and Other Income
                             External segment revenue                        1,531.5             1,361.7         950.7        226.2            4,070.1                   -         4,070.1
                             Inter-segment sales                                     -                  -             -          5.2                5.2              (5.2)                -
                             Other income                                          2.8                0.1           1.6          0.2                4.7                3.4              8.1
                             Total segment revenue and other income          1,534.3             1,361.8         952.3        231.6            4,080.0               (1.8)         4,078.2
                             Segment EBITDA result*(1)                          339.1              255.3         150.7          43.3             788.4              (30.4)           758.0
                             Segment depreciation and amortisation            (120.7)            (131.6)         (75.3)       (29.0)           (356.6)               (1.7)         (358.3)
                             Segment EBIT result*                               218.4              123.7           75.4         14.3             431.8              (32.1)           399.7
                             Finance costs**                                   (21.5)              (22.9)        (14.4)        (4.0)             (62.8)              (7.5)           (70.3)
                             Total segment PBT*                                 196.9              100.8           61.0         10.3             369.0              (39.6)           329.4
                             Segment income tax expense(2)                                                                                                                           (97.0)
                             Normalised NPAT*                                                                                                                                        232.4
                             Other items not included in the total segment NPAT(3)                                                                                                   (10.6)
                             Profit for the period                                                                                                                                   221.8
                                                                                                                                                                                     Cents
                             Normalised basic earnings per share*                                                                                                                    102.9
                             * Measures of Segment EBITDA, Segment EBIT, Total segment PBT, Normalised NPAT and Normalised basic earnings per share are all non-IFRS measures and are

                             unaudited. Normalised profit measures are disclosed to provide users with a consistent basis for comparing performance across periods. This disclosure assists
                             users in understanding the financial condition and performance of the Company by excluding items that are not reflective of ongoing operations.
                             ** Finance costs for the business segments represents interest component of lease payments.



                             Segment Net Inventory
                             Inventory                                                305.0        260.5         243.3          78.9             887.7               (0.9)            886.8
                             Trade payables                                         (205.9)        (92.1)        (68.5)         (6.3)          (372.8)              (48.3)          (421.1)
                             Net inventory                                             99.1        168.4         174.8          72.6             514.9              (49.2)            465.7

                                                                                                                              (1) Segment             (2) Segment      (3) Other items not

                                                                                                                                 EBITDA               income tax        included in total
                                                                                                                             adjusted for            adjusted for         segment NPAT
                             Other items not included in total segment NPAT*                                                         $m                       $m                      $m
                             Execution costs for team member wage remediation                                                            3.8                (1.1)                      2.7
                             Legal, professional fees and expenses related to regulatory and litigation matters                         11.3                (3.4)                      7.9
                                                                                                                                        15.1                (4.5)                     10.6
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                                100
                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                          100


                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                          For the period ended 28 June 2025

                          4.         Segment information (continued)

                          (b)        Segment information provided to the Group MD and CEO (continued)


                                                                                                                                             Total        Inter-segment
                                                                                                                                        continuing         eliminations/
                          For the period ended 29 June 2024                          SCA         rebel          BCF      Macpac         operations           unallocated   Consolidated
                                                                                      $m           $m           $m          $m                 $m                    $m             $m
                          Segment Revenue and Other Income
                          External segment revenue                        1,499.3             1,298.9         881.0          214.5          3,893.7                    -         3,893.7
                          Inter-segment sales                                     -                  -             -            8.4              8.4               (8.4)                -
                          Other income                                          0.5                  -             -            0.5              1.0                 7.4              8.4
                          Total segment revenue and other income          1,499.8             1,298.9         881.0          223.4          3,903.1                (1.0)         3,902.1
                          Segment EBITDA result*(1)                          335.2              247.3         139.8            47.7           770.0               (31.4)           738.6
                          Segment depreciation and amortisation            (113.4)            (125.9)         (73.0)         (25.7)         (338.0)                (0.2)         (338.2)




For personal use only
                          Segment EBIT result*                               221.8              121.4           66.8           22.0           432.0               (31.6)           400.4
                          Finance costs**                                   (18.9)              (19.0)        (12.5)          (3.2)           (53.6)               (4.2)           (57.8)
                          Total segment PBT*                                 202.9              102.4           54.3           18.8           378.4               (35.8)           342.6
                          Segment income tax expense(2)                                                                                                                          (100.5)
                          Normalised NPAT*                                                                                                                                         242.1
                          Other items not included in the total segment NPAT(3)                                                                                                     (2.0)
                          Profit for the period                                                                                                                                    240.1
                                                                                                                                                                                   Cents
                          Normalised basic earnings per share*                                                                                                                     107.2
                          * Measures of Segment EBITDA, Segment EBIT, Total segment PBT, Normalised NPAT and Normalised basic earnings per share are all non-IFRS measures and are

                          unaudited. Normalised profit measures are disclosed to provide users with a consistent basis for comparing performance across periods. This disclosure assists
                          users in understanding the financial condition and performance of the Company by excluding items that are not reflective of ongoing operations.
                          ** Finance costs for the business segments represents interest component of lease payments.



                          Segment Net Inventory
                          Inventory                                                306.0        246.6         230.9           64.4            847.9                (1.8)           846.1
                          Trade payables                                         (209.8)        (98.6)        (58.3)          (6.4)         (373.1)               (53.8)         (426.9)
                          Net inventory                                             96.2        148.0         172.6           58.0            474.8               (55.6)           419.2

                                                                                                                                                                     (3) Other items not
                                                                                                     (1) Segment EBITDA               (2) Segment income              included in total
                                                                                                            adjusted for                tax adjusted for                segment NPAT
                          Other items not included in total segment NPAT*                                            $m                             $m                              $m
                          Execution costs for team member remediation                                                  2.8                             (0.8)                        2.0
                                                                                                                       2.8                             (0.8)                        2.0

                          Unallocated costs are Group costs comprising corporate costs, distribution centre transition costs and costs relating to technology and loyalty
                          investments. The result also includes $2.7 million of interest revenue earned on cash at bank balances during the period (2024: $7.3 million).
                        101                                                                         SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25
                              101                                                                         SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25


                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                              For the period ended 28 June 2025

                              4.          Segment information (continued)

                              (c)          Other information

                              Revenue is attributable to the country in which the sale of goods has transacted. The Group’s divisions are operated in two main geographical
                              areas with the following areas of operation:

                              Australia (the home country of the parent entity)
                                   Supercheap Auto (SCA): retailing of auto parts and accessories, tools and equipment;
                                   rebel: retailing of sporting equipment and apparel;
                                   BCF: retailing of boating, camping, outdoor equipment, fishing equipment and apparel; and
                                   Macpac: retailing of apparel, camping and outdoor equipment.

                              New Zealand
                                  Supercheap Auto (SCA): retailing of auto parts and accessories, tools and equipment; and
                                  Macpac: retailing of apparel, camping and outdoor equipment.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                2025                 2024
                                                                                                                                                 $m                   $m
                               (i)     Total revenue and other income
                               Australia                                                                                                     3,813.8               3,628.7
                               New Zealand                                                                                                     264.4                 273.4
                                                                                                                                             4,078.2               3,902.1

                               (ii)       Total non-current assets
                               Australia                                                                                                     2,119.2               1,954.8
                               New Zealand                                                                                                     216.3                 194.5
                                                                                                                                             2,335.5               2,149.3


                                   Material accounting policy information
                                   Segment reporting
                                   Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the Group MD and CEO, who is
                                   responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segments. Unallocated items comprise mainly corporate
                                   assets (primarily the Support Office, Support Office expenses, and income tax assets and liabilities).
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                      102
                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                             102


                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                          For the period ended 28 June 2025

                          5.          Revenue and other income
                                                                                                                                             2025                  2024
                                                                                                                                               $m                   $m
                          Revenue from the sale of goods                                                                                   4,070.1              3,893.7

                          Other income
                                Insurance claims                                                                                               4.7                     -
                                Interest earned on cash at bank                                                                                3.3                   8.2
                                Sundry                                                                                                         0.1                   0.2
                          Total revenues and other income                                                                                  4,078.2              3,902.1


                               Material accounting policy information
                               Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised when a Group entity sells a product to the customer.




For personal use only
                               Sale of goods – retail
                               Revenue associated with the sale of goods is recognised when the performance obligation of the sale has been fulfilled and control of the
                               goods has transferred to the customer, which occurs at the point of sale when the goods are collected or delivered. The Group considers
                               whether there are other promises in the contract that are separate performance obligations to which a portion of the transaction price
                               needs to be allocated.

                               The Group operates a loyalty program where rebel retail customers accumulate points for purchases made which entitle them to a
                               discount on future purchases. A contract liability for the award points is recognised at the time of sale. Revenue is recognised when the
                               points are redeemed or when the likelihood of the points being redeemed by the customer is deemed remote. Loyalty points expire six
                               months after the initial sale. The Group estimates the stand-alone selling price of the loyalty points awarded. The stand-alone selling
                               price is calculated by multiplying the estimated redemption rate and the monetary value assigned to the loyalty points. In estimating the
                               redemption rate, the Group considers breakage which represents the portion of the points issued that will never be redeemed. The Group
                               applies historical redemption patterns as the main input to estimating breakage. The Group ensures that the value assigned to the loyalty
                               points is commensurate to the stand-alone selling price of the products eligible for redemption.

                               Gift cards are considered a prepayment for goods and services to be delivered in the future. The Group has an obligation to transfer the
                               goods or services in the future, creating a performance obligation. The Group recognises deferred revenue for the amount of the
                               prepayment and recognises revenue when the customer redeems the gift card and the Group fulfils the performance obligation related
                               to the transaction or likelihood of the gift card being redeemed by the customer is deemed remote.

                               It is the Group’s policy to sell its products to the customer with a right of return. Therefore, a refund provision (included in current
                               provisions) is recognised for the products expected to be returned. Accumulated experience is used to estimate such returns at the time
                               of sale at a portfolio level (expected value method). As the number of products returned has been steady for many years, it is highly
                               improbable that a significant reversal in the cumulative revenue recognised will occur. The validity of this assumption and the estimated
                               amount of returns are reassessed at each reporting date.

                               The Group’s obligation to repair or replace faulty products under standard warranty terms is recognised as a provision.


                          6.          Expenses
                                                                                                                                             2025                  2024
                                                                                                                                              $m                    $m
                          Profit before income tax includes the following specific gains and expenses:
                          Expenses/(gains)
                                Net (gain) on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                       (0.6)                (0.6)

                          Depreciation
                             Right-of-use assets                                                                                             247.5                230.6
                                Leasehold improvements                                                                                        39.4                  34.5
                                Plant and equipment                                                                                           19.3                  18.9
                                Computer equipment                                                                                            27.4                  28.1
                                Total depreciation                                                                                           333.6                312.1

                          Amortisation and impairment
                                Computer software amortisation                                                                                24.7                 26.1
                                Right-of-use asset impairment / (reversal)                                                                     0.5                 (0.8)
                                Total amortisation and impairment                                                                             25.2                  25.3
                        103                                                                                SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25
                              103                                                                              SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25


                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                              For the period ended 28 June 2025

                              6.           Expenses (continued)
                                                                                                                                                      2025                  2024
                                                                                                                                                       $m                    $m
                              Profit before income tax includes the following specific gains and expenses:
                              Finance costs
                                  Interest and finance charges on bank facilities                                                                       5.5                   3.9
                                    Interest on lease liabilities and make-good provisions                                                            64.8                   53.9
                                    Finance costs                                                                                                     70.3                   57.8


                              Employee benefits expense
                                    Superannuation                                                                                                    71.5                   62.7
                                    Salaries and wages                                                                                               775.3                  738.6
                                    Total employee benefits expense                                                                                  846.8                  801.3




For personal use only
                              Rental expense relating to leases
                                 Lease expenses                                                                                                       43.2                   39.0
                                    Equipment hire                                                                                                      6.0                   5.5
                                    Total rental expense relating to leases                                                                           49.2                   44.5


                              Foreign exchange gains and losses
                                    Net foreign exchange expense / (gain)                                                                               1.3                  (3.1)


                                   Material accounting policy information
                                   Depreciation, amortisation and impairment
                                   Refer to Notes 10, 11 and 12 for details on depreciation, amortisation and impairment.

                                   Finance costs
                                   Finance costs are recognised in the period in which these are incurred and are expensed in the period to which the costs relate. Generally
                                   costs such as discounts and premiums incurred in raising borrowings are amortised on an effective yield basis over the period of the
                                   borrowing. Finance costs include:
                                    interest on bank overdrafts and short-term and long-term borrowings;
                                    amortisation of discounts or premiums relating to borrowings;
                                    amortisation of ancillary costs incurred in connection with the arrangement of borrowings; and
                                    finance lease charges.

                                   Employee benefits
                                   Refer to Note 16 for details on employee provisions and superannuation.

                                   Leases
                                   Refer to Note 12 for details on leases.

                                   Foreign exchange gains and losses
                                   Refer to Note 2 (c) for details on foreign exchange gains and losses.



                              7.           Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                                                                                      2025                   2024
                                                                                                                                                       $m                     $m
                              Cash at bank and on hand                                                                                                 63.3                 217.5
                              Total cash and cash equivalents                                                                                          63.3                 217.5


                                   Material accounting policy information
                                   Cash and cash equivalents
                                   For the purposes of the cash flow statement, cash includes cash on hand, cash at bank and at call deposits with banks or financial institutions,
                                   other short term, highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known amounts
                                   of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and bank overdrafts. Amounts outstanding from EFT, credit card
                                   and debit card point of sale transactions are classified as cash and cash equivalents.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                      104
                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                             104


                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                          For the period ended 28 June 2025

                          8.           Trade and other receivables
                                                                                                                                              2025                  2024
                          Current                                                                                                              $m                    $m
                          Trade receivables                                                                                                    15.1                 17.4
                          Loss allowance                                                                                                      (0.3)                 (0.6)
                          Net trade receivables                                                                                                14.8                 16.8


                          Other receivables                                                                                                    14.2                 13.6
                          Prepayments                                                                                                          22.0                 19.8
                          Net current trade and other receivables                                                                              51.0                 50.2

                          (a)          Impaired trade receivables

                          As at 28 June 2025 current trade receivables of the Group to the value of $0.3 million (2024: $0.6 million) were impaired and provided for.




For personal use only
                          (b)          Past due but not impaired

                          As at 28 June 2025, trade receivables of $3.5 million (2024: $5.9 million) were past their payment terms but not impaired. These relate to a
                          number of independent customers for whom there is no recent history of default. The ageing analysis of these trade receivables is as follows:

                                                                                                                                              2025                 2024
                                                                                                                                               $m                    $m
                          30 to 60 days                                                                                                        1.9                   2.8
                          60 to 90 days                                                                                                        1.6                   0.3
                          90 days and over                                                                                                       -                   2.8
                                                                                                                                               3.5                   5.9


                               Material accounting policy information
                               Trade receivables
                               Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for goods sold or services performed in the ordinary course of business. This is a minor
                               portion of the Group’s revenue. They are generally due for settlement within 30 days and therefore are all classified as current. Trade
                               receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional. The Group holds the trade receivables with the
                               objective to collect the contractual cash flows and therefore measures them subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest
                               method. Details about the Group’s impairment policies and the calculation of the loss allowance are provided in Note 17.

                               The Group applies the AASB 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance for
                               all trade receivables and contract assets.

                               The expected loss rates are based on the payment profiles of sales over a period of 24 months and the corresponding historical credit
                               losses experienced within this period. The historical loss rates are adjusted to reflect current and forward-looking information on
                               macroeconomic factors affecting the ability of the customers to settle the receivables.

                               On that basis, the loss allowance as at period end was determined for trade receivables to be minor.

                               Prepayments
                               Costs paid to suppliers of SaaS arrangements to significantly customise cloud-based software are recorded as a prepayment for services
                               and are amortised over the expected renewable term of the arrangement.

                               The Group uses judgement to determine whether costs paid to suppliers of SaaS arrangements relate to significant customisation of the
                               cloud-based software.
                        105                                                                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25
                              105                                                                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25


                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                              For the period ended 28 June 2025

                              9.        Inventories
                                                                                                                                                  2025                  2024
                                                                                                                                                   $m                    $m
                              Finished goods, at lower of cost or net realisable value                                                           886.8                  846.1

                              (a)       Inventory expense

                              Inventories recognised as expense during the period ended 28 June 2025 amounted to $2,098.7 million (2024: $1,990.1 million).

                              Write-downs of inventories to net realisable value recognised as an expense during the period ended 28 June 2025 amounted to $10.6 million
                              (2024: $12.4 million).


                                Material accounting policy information
                                Inventories




For personal use only
                                Inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs comprise direct purchase costs and an appropriate proportion
                                of supply chain variable and fixed overhead expenditure in bringing them to their existing location and condition. Costs are assigned to
                                individual items of stock on the basis of weighted average costs.

                                Significant accounting judgements, estimates and assumptions
                                Net realisable value
                                Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated cost of completion and the estimated
                                costs necessary to make the sale.



                              10.       Property, plant and equipment
                                                                                                                                                  2025                  2024
                                                                                                                                                   $m                    $m


                              Leasehold improvements, at cost                                                                                     416.3                 364.6
                              Less accumulated depreciation                                                                                     (231.2)               (204.0)
                              Net leasehold improvements                                                                                         185.1                  160.6


                              Plant and equipment, at cost                                                                                        288.2                 242.1
                              Less accumulated depreciation                                                                                     (155.6)               (147.0)
                              Net plant and equipment                                                                                            132.6                   95.1


                              Computer equipment, at cost                                                                                        151.2                  133.2
                              Less accumulated depreciation                                                                                     (112.3)                (90.2)
                              Net computer equipment                                                                                               38.9                  43.0


                              Total net property, plant and equipment                                                                            356.6                  298.7
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                     106
                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                               106


                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                          For the period ended 28 June 2025

                          10.       Property, plant and equipment (continued)

                          (a)       Reconciliations

                          Reconciliations of the carrying amounts for each class of property, plant and equipment are set out below:

                                                                                            Leasehold             Plant and              Computer                    Total
                                                                                        improvements             equipment              equipment
                           2025                                                                   $m                    $m                    $m                       $m
                           Carrying amounts at 29 June 2024                                     160.6                   95.1                   43.0                 298.7
                           Additions                                                             67.0                   53.3                   23.5                 143.8
                           Transfers                                                             (3.3)                   3.5                  (0.2)                      -
                           Depreciation                                                        (39.4)                 (19.3)                 (27.4)                 (86.1)
                           Foreign currency exchange differences                                  0.2                       -                      -                   0.2
                           Carrying amounts at 28 June 2025                                     185.1                  132.6                   38.9                 356.6




For personal use only
                           2024
                           Carrying amounts at 1 July 2023                                      150.9                   76.5                   43.0                 270.4
                           Additions                                                             44.4                   37.5                   28.1                 110.0
                           Depreciation                                                        (34.5)                 (18.9)                 (28.1)                 (81.5)
                           Foreign currency exchange differences                                 (0.2)                      -                     -                  (0.2)
                           Carrying amounts at 29 June 2024                                     160.6                   95.1                   43.0                 298.7


                            Material accounting policy information
                            Carrying value
                            Property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost, less any accumulated depreciation or amortisation. Historical costs include
                            expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.

                            Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable that
                            future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. All repairs and
                            maintenance are charged to profit or loss during the financial year in which they are incurred.

                            Depreciation and amortisation of property, plant and equipment
                            Depreciation and amortisation are calculated on a straight-line basis for accounting and on a diminishing value basis for tax where applicable.
                            Depreciation and amortisation allocates the cost of an item of property, plant and equipment net of residual values over the expected useful
                            life of each asset to the Group. Estimates of remaining useful lives and residual values are reviewed and adjusted, if appropriate, at each
                            statement of financial position date.

                            The depreciation rates used for each class of assets are:

                                Leasehold improvements                                        6.7% - 14.3%
                                Plant and equipment                                           6.7% - 25.0%
                                Computer equipment                                           20.0% - 33.3%

                            An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying amount is greater than its estimated
                            recoverable amount.

                            Gains and losses
                            Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing proceeds with carrying amount. These are included in profit or loss. When
                            revalued assets are sold, it is Group policy to transfer the amounts included in other reserves in respect of those assets to retained earnings.

                            Impairment
                            Assets that are subject to depreciation are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
                            amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its
                            recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs to sell and value-in-use. For the purposes of
                            assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash flows (cash-generating units).
                        107                                                                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25
                              107                                                                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25


                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                              For the period ended 28 June 2025

                              11.         Intangible assets
                                                                                                                                               2025                    2024
                                                                                                                                                 $m                      $m

                              Goodwill, at cost                                                                                                529.5                   529.5
                              Less accumulated impairment charge                                                                                (2.1)                   (2.1)
                              Net goodwill                                                                                                     527.4                   527.4


                              Computer software, at cost                                                                                       295.8                   279.4
                              Less accumulated amortisation                                                                                  (238.3)                 (213.7)
                              Net computer software                                                                                             57.5                    65.7


                              Brand names, at cost                                                                                             311.8                   311.8
                              Less accumulated impairment charge                                                                              (58.5)                  (58.5)




For personal use only
                              Net brand names                                                                                                  253.3                   253.3


                              Total net intangible assets                                                                                      838.2                   846.4

                              (a)         Reconciliations

                              Reconciliations of the carrying amounts for each class of intangible asset are set out below:
                                                                                                                         Computer                Brand
                                                                                                     Goodwill             Software               Name                  Total
                                                                                                           $m                   $m                 $m                    $m
                              2025
                              Carrying amounts at 29 June 2024                                           527.4                 65.7               253.3               846.4
                              Additions                                                                       -                16.6                   -                 16.6
                              Disposals                                                                       -               (0.1)                   -                (0.1)
                              Amortisation charge                                                             -              (24.7)                   -               (24.7)
                              Carrying amounts at 28 June 2025                                          527.4                 57.5                253.3                838.2


                              2024
                              Carrying amounts at 1 July 2023                                           527.4                 65.7                253.3                846.4
                              Additions                                                                      -                26.1                      -               26.1
                              Amortisation charge                                                            -               (26.1)                     -             (26.1)
                              Carrying amounts at 29 June 2024                                          527.4                 65.7                253.3                846.4

                              (b)         Impairment tests for goodwill

                              Goodwill is allocated to the Group’s cash-generating units (CGUs) identified according to the group of assets at the time of acquisition. A
                              CGU level summary of the goodwill allocation is presented below:
                                                                                                                                                2025                    2024
                               CGU                                                                                                               $m                       $m
                               Supercheap Auto                                                                                                  45.3                     45.3
                               rebel                                                                                                           376.6                   376.6
                               BCF                                                                                                              25.9                    25.9
                               Macpac                                                                                                           79.6                    79.6
                               Total                                                                                                           527.4                   527.4
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                  108
                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                            108


                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                          For the period ended 28 June 2025

                          11.        Intangible assets (continued)

                          (b)        Impairment tests for goodwill (continued)

                          The Group tests for goodwill impairment on an annual basis. The recoverable amount of a CGU is determined based on value-in-use (VIU)
                          calculations which require the use of assumptions. These calculations use cash flow projections based on business plans covering a five-year
                          period. Cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using the estimated growth rates stated below. The terminal growth rate
                          does not exceed the historical long-term average growth rate for the industry in which the CGU operates.

                          Key assumptions used for value-in-use calculations
                          The key assumptions used in the VIU calculations across each business segment CGU include sales growth, EBITDA margin, long-term growth
                          rate and the discount rate. Pre-tax discount rates in the range of 13.3 per cent to 15.4 per cent (2024: 13.4 per cent to 15.4 per cent) and a
                          terminal growth rate of 2.5 per cent (2024: 2.5 per cent) have been assumed. Projected sales are based on the business plans described
                          above. Budgeted EBITDA margin is determined based on past performance and expectations for the future.

                          The recoverable amounts of each CGU are estimated to exceed their carrying amounts as at 28 June 2025. Management do not consider that
                          a reasonably possible change in any of the key assumptions for any of the CGUs, other than Macpac, would cause their carrying amounts to




For personal use only
                          exceed their recoverable amounts.

                          Macpac
                          The FY25 financial performance was challenging for Macpac with segment EBITDA1 and segment PBT down 9.2 per cent and 45.2 per cent on
                          the prior year respectively, despite sales growth year on year of 3.8 per cent. The recoverable amount of the Macpac CGU exceeded its
                          carrying amount by $4.0 million as at 28 June 2025 (2024: $20.3 million), and while not impaired is sensitive to changes in key assumptions.

                          The recoverable amount for Macpac was determined based on value-in-use calculations as described above. Cash flow projections are based
                          on budgets and strategic business plans for FY26 to FY30. Growth assumptions used reflect those business plans and forecasts for the future
                          and are informed by historical performance. The key assumptions used in the impairment calculations are a pre-tax discount rate of 15.4 per
                          cent, a terminal growth rate of 2.5 per cent and a 5-year compound annual growth rate of 6.0 per cent which is consistent with historical long
                          term like-for-like growth.

                          The CGU is sensitive to changes in key assumptions. The recoverable amount of the Macpac CGU would equal its carrying amount if any one
                          of the key assumptions in isolation were to change as follows:
                                    Sales 5-year compound annual growth rate decreased from 6.0 per cent to 5.7 per cent
                                    Pre-tax discount rate increased from 15.4 per cent to 15.6 per cent
                                    Terminal growth rate decreased from 2.5 per cent to 2.0 per cent

                          (c)        Impairment tests for the useful life for brands

                          No amortisation is provided against the carrying value of purchased brand names on the basis that they are considered to have indefinite
                          useful lives.

                          Key factors taken into account in assessing the useful life of brands were:
                                the strong recognition of brands; and
                                the absence of legal, technical or commercial factors indicating that the life should be considered limited.

                          The carrying values of the purchased brand names are:
                                                                                                                                           2025                   2024
                           Brand                                                                                                            $m                     $m
                           rebel                                                                                                          209.0                   209.0
                           Macpac                                                                                                          44.3                    44.3
                           Total                                                                                                          253.3                   253.3

                          Key assumptions used for value-in-use calculations
                          The key assumptions used in the VIU calculations across each business segment CGU include sales growth, EBITDA margin, long-term growth
                          rate and the discount rate. Pre-tax discount rates in the range of 15.1 per cent to 15.4 per cent (2024: 15.1 per cent to 15.4 per cent) and a
                          terminal growth rate of 2.5 per cent (2024: 2.5 per cent) have been assumed. Projected sales are based on the business plans described
                          above. Budgeted EBITDA margin is determined based on past performance and expectations for the future.

                          The recoverable amount of the brand names currently exceed their carrying values. Management do not consider that a reasonably possible
                          change in any of the key assumptions would cause the carrying value of any of the brand names to exceed their recoverable amounts.




                          1 The measure of segment EBITDA is a non-IFRS measures and is unaudited.
                        109                                                                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25
                              109                                                                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25


                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                              For the period ended 28 June 2025

                              11.       Intangible assets (continued)

                               Material accounting policy information
                               Goodwill
                               Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition over the fair value of the Group’s share of the net identifiable assets of the
                               acquired subsidiary or business at the date of the acquisition. Goodwill on acquisitions of subsidiaries is included in intangible assets.
                               Goodwill is not amortised. Instead, it is tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate
                               that it might be impaired, and is carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Any impairment is recognised as an expense and is
                               not subsequently reversed.

                               Gains and losses on the disposal of an entity include the carrying amount of goodwill relating to the entity sold.

                               Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units for the purpose of impairment testing. The allocation is made to those CGUs or groups of
                               CGUs that are expected to benefit from the business combination in which the goodwill arose, identified according to operating segments.

                               Other intangible assets




For personal use only
                               Amortisation is calculated on a straight-line basis. Estimates of remaining useful lives and residual values are reviewed and adjusted, if
                               appropriate, at each statement of financial position date. The amortisation rates used for each class of intangible assets are as follows:

                                    Computer software                                        10.0% – 33.3%
                                    Brand names                                                    Nil

                               Computer software
                               Costs incurred in developing products or systems and costs incurred in acquiring software and licences that will contribute to future period
                               financial benefits through revenue generation and/or cost reduction are capitalised to software and systems. Costs capitalised include
                               external direct costs of materials and service, direct employee costs and an appropriate portion of relevant overheads. IT development
                               costs include only those costs directly attributable to the development phase and are recognised only following completion of technical
                               feasibility and where the Group has an intention and ability to use the asset.

                               Costs incurred in configuring or customising Software as a Service (SaaS) arrangements can be recognised as intangible assets only if the
                               implementation activities create an intangible asset that the Group controls and the intangible asset meets the recognition criteria. Those
                               costs that do not result in intangible assets are expensed as incurred, unless they are paid to the suppliers of the SaaS arrangements to
                               significantly customise the cloud-based software for the Group, in which case the costs are recorded as a prepayment for services and
                               amortised over the expected renewable term of the arrangement.

                               Brand names
                               Brand names that are acquired as part of a business combination are recognised separately from goodwill. These assets are carried at
                               their fair value at the date of acquisition. Brand names are valued using the relief from royalty method. Following initial recognition,
                               brand names are carried at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. Brand names are determined to have indefinite useful lives and
                               therefore do not attract amortisation.

                               Research and development
                               Research expenditure is recognised as an expense as incurred. Costs incurred on development projects (relating to the design and testing
                               of new or improved products) are recognised as intangible assets when it is probable that the project will, after considering its commercial
                               and technical feasibility, be completed and generate future economic benefits and its costs can be measured reliably. The expenditure
                               capitalised comprises all directly attributable costs, including costs of materials, services, direct labour and an appropriate proportion of
                               overheads. Other development expenditures that do not meet these criteria are recognised as an expense as incurred. Development
                               costs previously recognised as an expense are not recognised as an asset in a subsequent period. Capitalised development costs are
                               recorded as intangible assets and amortised from the point at which the asset is ready for use.

                               Other items of expenditure
                               Significant items of expenditure, such as costs incurred in store set-ups, are expensed in the financial year in which these costs are incurred.

                               Significant accounting judgements, estimates and assumptions
                               Capitalised software costs and useful lives
                               The Group undertakes the development of software in relation to various omni-retail customer and other programs. Useful lives have
                               been determined based on the intended period of use of this software.

                               Capitalised software and SaaS arrangements
                               The Group uses judgement to determine whether implementation activities of SaaS arrangements create an intangible asset that the
                               Group controls.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                         110
                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                110


                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                          For the period ended 28 June 2025

                          12.          Leases

                          (a)        Right-of-use assets                                                                                       2025                   2024
                                                                                                                                                 $m                     $m
                          Properties                                                                                                         1,109.8                 986.6
                          Total right-of-use assets                                                                                          1,109.8                 986.6

                          Reconciliations of the carrying amounts for property right-of-use assets are set out below:
                          Carrying amount at the beginning of the reporting period                                                              986.6                 944.4
                          Additions                                                                                                             371.3                 285.2
                          Disposals                                                                                                              (1.0)               (12.9)
                          Depreciation                                                                                                        (247.5)               (230.6)
                          Impairment                                                                                                             (0.5)                   0.8
                          Foreign currency exchange differences                                                                                    0.9                 (0.3)




For personal use only
                          Carrying amount at the end of the reporting period                                                                 1,109.8                  986.6

                          (b)        Lease liabilities                                                                                         2025                   2024
                                                                                                                                                 $m                    $m
                          Current                                                                                                              223.6                 200.3
                          Non-current                                                                                                        1,012.2                 903.1
                          Total lease liabilities                                                                                            1,235.8               1,103.4

                          Movements in lease liabilities during the period are set out below:
                          Balance at the beginning of the reporting period                                                                    1,103.4               1,035.0
                          Additions                                                                                                             364.4                 282.1
                          Terminations                                                                                                           (1.4)                (13.9)
                          Rental payments                                                                                                     (294.6)               (251.5)
                          Interest on lease liabilities                                                                                          63.0                  52.4
                          Foreign currency exchange differences                                                                                   1.0                  (0.7)
                          Balance at the end of the reporting period                                                                          1,235.8               1,103.4

                          At 28 June 2025, the Group had committed to leases that had not yet commenced and estimates that the potential future lease payments
                          would result in an increase in undiscounted lease liabilities of $279.3 million (2024: $288.7 million). The maturity analysis of lease liabilities
                          is disclosed in Note 22(d).

                          (c)        Other                                                                                                     2025                   2024
                                                                                                                                                 $m                     $m

                          Expense relating to short-term leases (included in Occupancy expenses)                                                 3.1                    3.9
                          Expense relating to leases of low-value assets (included in Cost of sales of goods and
                          Administrative expenses)                                                                                               6.0                    5.5
                          Expense relating to variable lease payments not included in lease liabilities (included in Occupancy
                          expenses)                                                                                                             41.0                  36.0
                        111                                                                           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25
                              111                                                                           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25


                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                              For the period ended 28 June 2025

                              12.       Leases (continued)
                              Material accounting policy information
                              Leases
                              The Group leases various offices, warehouses, retail stores, equipment and cars. Rental contracts are typically made for fixed periods of
                              one to 15 years but may have extension options as described below. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide
                              range of different terms and conditions. The lease agreements do not impose any covenants, but leased assets may not be used as security
                              for borrowing purposes.

                              Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which the leased asset is available for use by the
                              Group. Each lease payment is allocated between the liability and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or loss over the lease
                              period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period. The right-of-use asset
                              is depreciated over the shorter of the asset's useful life and the lease term on a straight-line basis.

                              Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities include the net present value of
                              the following lease payments:




For personal use only
                                  fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable
                                  variable lease payments that are based on an index or a rate
                                  amounts expected to be payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees
                                  the exercise price of a purchase option if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option, and
                                  payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the lessee exercising that option.

                              The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be determined, the lessee’s incremental
                              borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value
                              in a similar economic environment with similar terms and conditions.

                              Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:
                                  the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability
                                  any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received
                                  any initial direct costs, and
                                  restoration/make-good costs.

                              Payments associated with short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised on a straight-line basis as an expense in profit
                              or loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less. Low-value assets comprise small items of office equipment
                              and furniture, and other immaterial assets.

                              Extension and termination options are included in a number of property leases across the Group. These terms are used to maximise
                              operational flexibility in terms of managing contracts. The majority of extension and termination options held are exercisable only by the
                              Group and not by the respective lessor.

                              Make-good requirements in relation to leased premises
                              Make-good costs arising from contractual obligations in lease agreements are recognised as provisions at the inception of the agreement.
                              A corresponding asset is taken up as part of the right-of-use asset at that time. Expected future payments are discounted at a current pre-
                              tax rate that reflects the risks specific to the liability. The estimated future costs of decommissioning are reviewed annually and adjusted
                              as appropriate.

                              Significant accounting judgements, estimates and assumptions
                              Variable lease payments
                              Some property leases contain variable payment terms that are linked to sales generated from a store. For individual stores, up to 100% of
                              lease payments are on the basis of variable payment terms and there is a wide range of sales percentages applied. Variable payment terms
                              are used for a variety of reasons, including minimising the fixed costs base for newly established stores. Variable lease payments that
                              depend on sales are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which the condition that triggers those payments occurs.

                              Extension and termination options
                              In determining the lease term, management considers all facts and circumstances that create an economic incentive to exercise an
                              extension option, or not exercise a termination option. Extension options (or periods after termination options) are included in the lease
                              term only if the lease is reasonably certain to be extended (or not terminated).

                              Given the uncertainties that exist within the retail market, management currently consider leases with more than three years to expiry as
                              not reasonably certain to be extended. An annual strategic store network review as approved by the Board delivers confidence over
                              network plans covering the next three years. This has resulted in option assumptions being revised for 59 (2024: 99) leases during the
                              period. This had the impact of increasing lease liabilities and the corresponding right-of-use assets by $41.1 million (2024: $66.8 million).
                              Of the Group’s lease portfolio 55% (2024: 57%) of leases contain option renewals. The lease liability currently includes extension options
                              in the calculation of lease term for 19% (2024: 27%) of leases with those options.

                              The assessment is reviewed if a significant event or a significant change in circumstances occurs which affects this assessment and that is
                              within control of the lessee.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                    112
                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                           112


                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                          For the period ended 28 June 2025

                          13.        Trade and other payables
                                                                                                                                                      2025       2024
                          Current                                                                                                                      $m         $m
                          Trade payables                                                                                                              421.1     426.9
                          Deferred revenue                                                                                                             76.7       74.0
                          Other payables                                                                                                               87.7       79.7
                          Total current trade and other payables                                                                                      585.5     580.6

                          (a)        Supplier finance arrangements

                          The Group has a supply chain finance program under which its suppliers can elect to participate in at their own discretion. Suppliers that
                          participate in the program may elect to receive early payment on invoices sent to the Group from the Group’s external finance providers. If
                          suppliers choose to receive early payment, they pay a fee to the finance provider, to which the Group is not party. In order for the finance
                          provider to pay the invoices, the goods must have been received or supplied and the invoices approved by the Group. Payments to suppliers
                          ahead of the invoice due date are processed by the finance provider and, in all cases, the Group settles the original invoice by paying the




For personal use only
                          finance provider in line with the original invoice maturity date. Payment terms with suppliers have not been renegotiated in conjunction with
                          the arrangement. The Group provides no security to the finance provider.

                          All trade payables subject to the supplier finance arrangement are included in trade and other payables in the consolidated statement of
                          financial position and within trade payables in the table above.

                                                                                                                                                      2025       2024
                                                                                                                                                       $m         $m
                          Carrying amount of trade payables that are part of a supplier finance arrangement                                           100.3     108.5
                          Amount which suppliers have already received early payment from finance provider                                             26.5      39.8

                          There were no non-cash changes in the carrying amount of the trade payables included in the Group's supply chain finance program.


                            Material accounting policy information
                            Trade and other payables
                            Trade and other payables are payables for goods and services provided to the Group prior to the end of the financial year and which are
                            unpaid at that date. The amounts are unsecured and are normally paid within 60 days of recognition including those trade payables that
                            are included in the Group’s supply chain finance program. Trade and other payables are presented as current liabilities unless payment is
                            not due within 12 months from the reporting date. Refer Note 5 – Revenue and other income for the Group’s policy on Gift Cards and
                            Loyalty Programs.

                            The Group has not derecognised the original liabilities to which its supply chain finance program applies because neither a legal release
                            was obtained, nor was the original liability substantially modified on entering into the arrangement. From the Group’s perspective, the
                            arrangement does not significantly extend payment terms beyond the normal terms agreed with other suppliers that are not participating.
                            The Group does not incur any additional interest towards the bank on the amounts due to the suppliers. The Group therefore discloses
                            the amount which suppliers have already received early payment within trade payables because the nature and function of the financial
                            liability remain the same as those of other trade payables. The payments to the bank are included within operating cash flows.



                          14.        Borrowings
                                                                                                                                                      2025     2024
                          Non-current                                                                                                                  $m        $m
                          Bank debt funding facility - unsecured(1)                                                                                      -         -
                          Total non-current borrowings                                                                                                   -          -
                          (1) No drawn bank debt at period end. Refer to Note 22 - Financial risk management for details of financing arrangements.
                        113                                                                                 SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25
                              113                                                                                SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25


                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                              For the period ended 28 June 2025

                              14.         Borrowings (continued)

                              (a)         Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
                                                                                     Reclassed from                                              Reclassed to
                                                                                    Trade and Other                             Non-cash     Trade and Other
                                                                   29 June 2024         Receivables         Net cash flows    Amortisation        Receivables   28 June 2025
                                                                            $m                   $m                     $m             $m                 $m             $m
                               Bank debt funding facility                     -                    -                      -              -                  -              -
                               Capitalised borrowing costs(2)                   -                (1.1)                (1.6)            0.6               2.1                -
                               Total                                            -                (1.1)                (1.6)            0.6               2.1                -
                               (2) Net borrowing costs capitalised of $2.1 million at 28 June 2025 (2024: $1.1 million) are presented in Trade and other receivables as a

                                    prepayment (refer note 8).
                                                                                     Reclassed from                                              Reclassed to
                                                                                    Trade and Other                             Non-cash     Trade and Other
                                                                     1 July 2023        Receivables         Net cash flows    Amortisation        Receivables   29 June 2024




For personal use only
                                                                             $m                  $m                     $m             $m                 $m             $m
                               Bank debt funding facility                      -                   -                      -              -                  -              -
                               Capitalised borrowing costs                      -                (1.8)                    -            0.7                1.1               -
                               Total                                            -                (1.8)                    -            0.7                1.1               -


                                Material accounting policy information
                                Borrowings
                                Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently measured at amortised
                                cost. Any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption value is recognised in profit or loss over the
                                period of the borrowings using the effective interest method.



                              15.         Income taxes
                                                                                                                                                      2025              2024
                                                                                                                                                       $m                $m
                              (a)         Income tax expense
                              Current tax expense                                                                                                   108.1              141.0
                              Deferred tax expense / (benefit)                                                                                      (15.0)             (39.6)
                              Adjustments to tax expense of prior periods                                                                            (0.6)              (1.7)
                                                                                                                                                      92.5              99.7
                              Deferred income tax expense / (revenue) included in income tax expense comprises:
                              (Increase) / decrease in deferred tax assets (Note 15(e))                                                             (47.9)              15.7
                              Increase / (decrease) in deferred tax liabilities (Note 15(e))                                                          32.9             (55.3)
                                                                                                                                                    (15.0)             (39.6)


                              (b)        Reconciliation between tax expense and pre-tax profit
                              Profit before income tax                                                                                               314.3              339.8


                              Tax at the Australian tax rate of 30% (2024: 30%)                                                                       94.3              101.9
                              Tax effect of amounts not deductible / (taxable) in calculating taxable income:
                              Sundry items                                                                                                            (0.7)                 0.4
                                                                                                                                                      93.6              102.3
                              Difference in overseas tax rates                                                                                        (0.3)              (0.7)
                              Previously unrecognised tax losses and deferred tax assets                                                              (0.2)              (0.2)
                              Adjustments to tax expense of prior periods                                                                             (0.6)              (1.7)
                              Income tax expense                                                                                                      92.5               99.7


                              Effective tax rate:
                              Australia                                                                                                              29.5%             29.8%
                              Consolidated group                                                                                                     29.4%             29.3%
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                114
                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                       114


                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                          For the period ended 28 June 2025

                          15.           Income taxes (continued)
                                                                                                                                  2025       2024
                                                                                                                                   $m         $m
                          (c)           Reconciliation of income tax expense to income tax payable
                          Income tax (expense)                                                                                   (92.5)     (99.7)
                          Tax effect of timing differences:
                          Depreciation                                                                                             22.9       (5.4)
                          Provisions                                                                                               (2.2)      (4.1)
                          Accruals and prepayments                                                                                  1.5        0.8
                          Lease liabilities                                                                                      (42.3)     (20.8)
                          Sundry temporary differences                                                                             (1.2)      (0.5)
                          Current tax payable                                                                                   (113.8)    (129.7)
                          Income tax instalments paid during the year                                                              96.5       92.8
                          Income tax (payable)                                                                                   (17.3)     (36.9)




For personal use only
                          (d)         Amounts recognised directly in equity reserves
                          Aggregate current and deferred tax arising in the reporting period and not recognised in net profit
                          or loss but directly debited or credited to equity:
                          Net deferred tax charged directly to other comprehensive income (Note 15(e))                             (1.1)      (0.7)
                                                                                                                                   (1.1)      (0.7)
                          Tax expense relating to items of other comprehensive income
                          Cash flow hedges                                                                                         (1.1)      (0.7)
                                                                                                                                   (1.1)      (0.7)


                          (e)           Deferred tax assets and liabilities
                          Assets
                          Provisions                                                                                              40.5       38.2
                          Accruals and prepayments                                                                                  8.6        9.8
                          Depreciation                                                                                              7.7          -
                          Lease liabilities                                                                                      369.4      330.1
                          Sundry temporary differences                                                                             3.4        3.6
                                                                                                                                 429.6      381.7
                          Amounts recognised directly in other comprehensive income
                          Cash flow hedges                                                                                         1.0           -
                                                                                                                                 430.6      381.7
                          Set off with deferred tax liabilities                                                                 (399.7)    (364.1)
                          Net deferred tax assets                                                                                 30.9       17.6

                          Liabilities
                          Brand values                                                                                            75.3       75.3
                          Depreciation                                                                                               -        5.8
                          Right-of-use assets                                                                                    329.8      293.1
                          Sundry temporary differences                                                                             2.0           -
                                                                                                                                 407.1      374.2
                          Amounts recognised directly in other comprehensive income
                          Cash flow hedges                                                                                            -       0.1
                                                                                                                                  407.1      374.3
                          Set-off of deferred tax assets                                                                        (399.7)    (364.1)
                          Net deferred tax liabilities                                                                             7.4       10.2
                        115                                                                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25
                              115                                                                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25


                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                              For the period ended 28 June 2025

                              15.         Income taxes (continued)
                                                                                                                                               2025                 2024
                                                                                                                                                $m                    $m
                              (e)          Deferred tax assets and liabilities (continued)
                              Movements in deferred tax assets:
                              Opening balance                                                                                                 381.7                 397.4
                              Credited / (charged) to the income statement                                                                     47.9                (15.7)
                              Credited / (charged) to other comprehensive income                                                                1.0                     -
                              Closing balance                                                                                                 430.6                 381.7

                              Deferred tax assets to be recovered after more than 12 months                                                   396.9                 358.7
                              Deferred tax assets to be recovered within 12 months                                                             33.7                  23.0
                                                                                                                                              430.6                 381.7
                              Movements in deferred tax liabilities:




For personal use only
                              Opening balance                                                                                                 374.3                 430.3
                              Charged / (credited) to the income statement                                                                     32.9                (55.3)
                              Charged / (credited) to other comprehensive income                                                               (0.1)                 (0.7)
                              Closing balance                                                                                                 407.1                 374.3

                              Deferred tax liabilities to be settled after more than 12 months                                                407.1                 374.3
                              Deferred tax liabilities to be settled within 12 months                                                             -                     -
                                                                                                                                              407.1                 374.3

                              (f)        Unrecognised deferred tax assets
                              Tax losses                                                                                                        6.9                   7.1

                              Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of the above tax losses because it is not considered probable that future taxable
                              profit will be available against which they can be realised.

                              (g)          Tax transparency report

                              The voluntary Tax Transparency Code (the Code) is a set of principles and 'minimum standards' to guide disclosure of tax information by
                              businesses and to inform stakeholders about their compliance with Australian taxation laws.

                              Super Retail Group supports the concept of voluntary tax transparency as an important measure for all large companies to provide assurance
                              to the Australian community that their tax obligations are being met. Super Retail Group’s success is dependent on the wellbeing of the
                              economies and communities where the businesses operate and our conservative approach to tax strategy is one of the many ways the Group
                              acts to ensure sustainability of our operations.

                              The requirements of the Code are broken into Part A which forms part of the tax note as referenced below and Part B as disclosed below.
                              The make-up of the respective parts is as follows:

                              (i)         Part A:
                                    Effective company tax rates for our Australian and global operations (Note 15 (b))
                                    A reconciliation of accounting profit to tax expense and to income tax payable (Note 15 (c))
                                    Identification of material temporary (Note 15 (c)) and non-temporary differences (Note 15 (b))

                              (ii)        Part B:
                                    Tax policy, tax strategy and governance
                                    Information about international related party dealings
                                    A tax contribution summary of income tax paid

                              Part B discloses the Australian income tax paid by the Group in the 2025 and 2024 financial years and provides qualitative information about
                              our approach to tax risk and international related party dealings.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                                   116
                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                             116


                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                          For the period ended 28 June 2025

                          15.         Income taxes (continued)

                          (g)         Tax transparency report (continued)

                          Tax policy, tax strategy and governance
                          Super Retail Group is committed to full compliance with its statutory obligations and takes a conservative approach to tax risk. The Group’s
                          tax risk management policy includes an internal escalation process for referring tax matters to the corporate Group Tax function. The Chief
                          Financial Officer (CFO) must report any material tax issues to the Board. Tax strategy is implemented through Super Retail Group’s Tax
                          Governance Framework. The Group’s approach to tax planning is to operate and pay tax in accordance with the tax law in each relevant
                          jurisdiction and the Group aims for certainty on all tax positions it adopts. Where the tax law is unclear or subject to interpretation, advice is
                          obtained and, when necessary, the Australian Taxation Office (ATO) (or other relevant tax authority) is consulted for clarity.

                          International related party dealings
                          Super Retail Group is an Australian-based group, with some trading operations in other countries, including New Zealand (Supercheap Auto
                          (SCA) and Macpac) and China (sourcing assistance). Given its current profile, the Group has very limited international related party dealings.
                          Super Retail Group prices international related party dealings on an arm’s length basis to meet the regulatory requirements of the relevant
                          jurisdictions.




For personal use only
                          The Group’s international related party dealings are summarised below:

                                 The Group’s Australian retail businesses source material amounts of trading stock from overseas, particularly through Asian based third-
                                  party suppliers. To facilitate this, the Group has China-based subsidiaries that co-ordinate these supplies. Super Retail Group’s
                                  Australian businesses pay the overseas subsidiaries for these services.

                                 The SCA and Macpac retail businesses operate across Australia and New Zealand. To meet customer demand and manage stock levels,
                                  trading stock is occasionally transferred between jurisdictions, for which arm’s length consideration is paid by the recipient of the
                                  trading stock.

                                 Certain Group businesses utilise intellectual property developed by Group businesses in different tax jurisdictions. Where appropriate,
                                  and as required by international cross border tax rules, a royalty payment is made by the users to the owners of such intellectual
                                  property. Pursuant to the laws of those jurisdictions and any double tax agreement, withholding tax is also withheld from such
                                  payments and remitted to the relevant tax authority.

                                 Various administrative and support services are provided by Group head office and divisional parent entities to offshore subsidiary
                                  businesses. As required by international cross border tax rules, arm’s length consideration is paid for these services.

                          Other jurisdictions
                          The Group includes subsidiary companies that are incorporated in jurisdictions outside Australia as summarised in the table below:

                              Country                Nature of activities
                              China(1) (2)           Co-ordinating the sourcing of trading stock for SCA, rebel and BCF
                              New Zealand(2)         Active trading operations (SCA and Macpac) and dormant entities

                          (1) These companies are subject to the Australian Controlled Foreign Company rules. Under these rules profits generated by these subsidiaries from trading with

                          Super Retail Group are taxable in Australia at the 30 per cent Australian corporate tax rate.
                          (2) For FY25, the gross value of international related party transactions in and out of Australia represented less than 2 per cent of revenue.



                          Australian income taxes paid
                          Super Retail Group is a large taxpayer and paid Australian corporate income tax of $119.3 million in FY25 and $119.2 million in FY24.
                        117                                                                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25
                              117                                                                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25


                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                              For the period ended 28 June 2025

                              15.      Income taxes (continued)

                               Material accounting policy information
                               Current and deferred tax
                               The income tax expense or revenue for the period is the tax payable on the current period’s taxable income based on the national income
                               tax rate for each jurisdiction adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities attributable to temporary differences between the tax
                               bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the financial statements, and to unused tax losses.

                               Deferred tax assets and liabilities
                               Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised for temporary differences at the tax rates expected to apply when the assets are recovered
                               or liabilities are settled, based on those tax rates which are enacted or substantively enacted for each jurisdiction. The relevant tax rates are
                               applied to the cumulative amounts of deductible and taxable temporary differences to measure the deferred tax asset or liability.

                               An exception is made for certain temporary differences arising from the initial recognition of an asset or a liability. No deferred tax asset or
                               liability is recognised in relation to these temporary differences if they arise in a transaction, other than a business combination, that at the
                               time of the transaction did not affect either accounting profit or taxable profit or loss.




For personal use only
                               Deferred tax assets are recognised for deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses only if it is probable that future taxable
                               amounts will be available to utilise those temporary differences and losses.

                               Deferred tax liabilities and assets are not recognised for temporary differences between the carrying amount and tax bases of investments
                               in controlled entities where the parent entity is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that
                               the differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

                               Current and deferred tax balances attributable to amounts recognised directly in equity are recognised directly in equity.

                               Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets and liabilities and when the
                               deferred tax balances relate to the same taxation authority. Current tax assets and tax liabilities are offset where the entity has a legally
                               enforceable right to offset and intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

                               A deferred tax liability is recognised in relation to some of the Group’s indefinite life intangibles. The tax base assumed in determining the
                               amount of the deferred tax liability is the capital cost base of the assets.

                               Tax consolidation
                               Super Retail Group Limited and its wholly-owned Australian controlled entities have implemented the tax consolidation legislation as of 1
                               July 2003 and account for current and deferred tax amounts under the “separate taxpayer within group” approach in accordance with AASB
                               Interpretation 1052, Tax Consolidation Accounting.

                               On adoption of the tax consolidation legislation, the entities in the tax consolidated group entered into a tax sharing agreement which, in the
                               opinion of the Directors, limits the joint and several liability of the wholly-owned entities in the case of a default by the head entity, Super
                               Retail Group Limited.

                               The entities have also entered into a tax funding agreement under which the wholly-owned entities fully compensate Super Retail Group
                               Limited for any current tax payable assumed and are compensated by Super Retail Group Limited for any current tax receivable and deferred
                               tax assets relating to unused tax losses or unused tax credits that are transferred to Super Retail Group Limited under the tax consolidation
                               legislation. The funding amounts are determined by reference to the amounts recognised in the wholly-owned entities’ financial statements.

                               The amounts receivable/payable under the tax funding agreement are due upon receipt of the funding advice from the head entity, which is
                               issued as soon as practicable after the end of each financial year. The head entity may also require payment of interim funding amounts to
                               assist with its obligations to pay tax instalments.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                     118
                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                               118


                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                          For the period ended 28 June 2025

                          16.       Provisions
                                                                                                                                               2025                  2024
                          Current                                                                                                               $m                    $m
                          Employee benefits(a)                                                                                                104.3                  104.3
                          Make-good provision(b)                                                                                                 2.8                   7.6
                          Other provisions(c)                                                                                                    1.7                   1.7
                          Total current provisions                                                                                            108.8                  113.6


                          Non-current
                          Employee benefits(a)                                                                                                  13.6                  12.8
                          Make-good provision(b)                                                                                                43.3                  32.0
                          Other provisions(c)                                                                                                    0.3                   0.6
                          Total non-current provisions                                                                                          57.2                  45.4




For personal use only
                          (a)       Employee benefits

                          Provisions for employee benefits cover a range of employment related costs and entitlements.

                          A remediation program in relation to payments owed to team members, as first identified in the 2018 financial year, is now substantially
                          complete, with the Group having paid back $52.7 million (2024: $52.7 million) in entitlements and interest to certain of its award-covered
                          set-up and retail management team members, and its enterprise agreement-covered team members.

                          On 19 January 2023, the Fair Work Ombudsman (FWO) filed proceedings in the Federal Court of Australia (as amended) against the Company
                          and certain of its subsidiaries, seeking orders in relation to alleged contraventions of the Fair Work Act 2009 (Cth) (Fair Work Act) and
                          payments of $1.15 million for 146 team members (less remediation amounts already paid to those team members).

                          The FWO has also sought orders for civil penalties against the Company and the named subsidiaries under the Fair Work Act. While the Group
                          has been assisted by expert external advisers, these proceedings are at an early stage and the outcome and total costs associated with the
                          proceedings are uncertain. The Group is carrying a provision for amounts potentially payable as a consequence of the FWO proceedings. The
                          total provision as at 28 June 2025 is $14.1 million (2024: $14.1 million). Further professional advisory fees will be incurred in connection with
                          these proceedings.

                          On 21 November 2023, the FWO proceedings were stayed until judgment is published in Fair Work Ombudsman v Woolworths Group Limited
                          (ACN 000 014 675) (NSD581/2021) and Fair Work Ombudsman v Coles Supermarkets Australia Pty Ltd (ACN 004 189 708) (NSD1252/2021)
                          (the Woolworths and Coles proceedings). Further orders of the Court were also made for the future conduct of the FWO proceedings,
                          including in relation to any proposed amendments to the FWO proceedings arising out of the judgment in the Woolworths and Coles
                          proceedings. A copy of the Court orders made on 21 November 2023 in the FWO proceedings can be obtained via the Commonwealth Courts
                          Portal at www.comcourts.gov.au.

                          (b)       Make-good provision

                          Provision is made for costs arising from contractual obligations in lease agreements at the inception of the agreement. A provision has been
                          recognised for the present value of the estimated expenditure required to remove any leasehold improvements. These costs have been
                          capitalised as part of the cost of the right-of-use assets and are amortised over the shorter of the term of the lease or the useful life of the
                          assets.

                          (c)       Other provisions

                          The provision for other items includes the provision for store refunds and certain obligations related to surrendered lease arrangements.
                        119                                                                           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25
                              119                                                                           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25


                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                              For the period ended 28 June 2025

                              16.       Provisions (continued)

                              (d)       Movement in provisions

                              Movements in each class of provision during the period, except for Other, are set out below:

                                                                                           Employee benefits                    Make-good                           Total
                              2025                                                                      $m                             $m                             $m
                              Opening balance as at 29 June 2024                                      117.1                           39.6                          156.7
                              Additional provisions recognised                                         77.5                            6.8                           84.3
                              Unwind of discount                                                              -                          1.8                           1.8
                              Provisions used                                                            (76.7)                         (2.1)                       (78.8)
                              Closing balance as at 28 June 2025                                         117.9                          46.1                        164.0


                                Material accounting policy information




For personal use only
                                Provisions
                                Provisions for legal claims, service warranties and make-good obligations are recognised when the Group has a present legal or
                                constructive obligation as a result of past events, it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation and
                                the amount has been reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses.

                                Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in settlement is determined by considering
                                the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised even if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item included in
                                the same class of obligations may be small.

                                Provisions are measured at the present value of management’s best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the present obligation
                                at the statement of financial position date. The discount rate used to determine the present value reflects current market assessments of
                                the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognised as
                                interest expense.

                                Employee benefits – short-term obligations
                                Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits that are expected to be settled wholly within 12 months after the end
                                of the period in which the employees render the related service are recognised in respect of employees’ services up to the end of the
                                reporting period and are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when the liabilities are settled. All other short-term employee
                                benefit obligations are presented as payables.

                                Employee benefits – long-term obligations
                                The liabilities for long service leave and annual leave are not expected to be settled wholly within 12 months after the end of the period
                                in which the employees render the related service. They are therefore recognised in the provision for employee benefits and measured
                                as the present value of expected future payments to be made in respect of services provided by employees up to the end of the reporting
                                period using the projected unit credit method. Consideration is given to expected future wage and salary levels, experience of employee
                                departures and periods of service. Expected future payments are discounted using market yields at the end of the reporting period of
                                government bonds with terms and currencies that match, as closely as possible, the estimated future cash outflows. Remeasurements as
                                a result of experience adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions are recognised in profit or loss.

                                The obligations are presented as current liabilities in the balance sheet if the Group does not have an unconditional right to defer
                                settlement for at least twelve months after the reporting period, regardless of when the actual settlement is expected to occur.

                                Retirement benefit obligations
                                Contributions are made by the Group to an employee superannuation fund and are charged as expenses when incurred.

                                Bonus plans
                                The Group recognises a liability and an expense for bonuses based on a formula that takes into consideration the profit attributable to the
                                Company’s shareholders after certain adjustments. The Group recognises a provision where contractually obliged or where there is a past
                                practice that has created a constructive obligation.

                                Make-good requirements in relation to leased premises
                                Refer to Note 12 for details on make-good requirements in relation to leased premises.

                                Significant accounting judgements, estimates and assumptions
                                Estimated value of make-good provision
                                The Group has estimated the present value of the expenditure required to remove any leasehold improvements and return leased
                                premises to their original state, in addition to the likelihood of this occurring. These costs have been capitalised as part of the cost of the
                                right-of-use asset.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                 120
                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                            120


                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                          For the period ended 28 June 2025

                          16.        Provisions (continued)

                            Significant accounting judgements, estimates and assumptions (continued)
                            Long service leave
                            Judgement is required in determining the following key assumptions used in the calculation of long service leave at balance date.
                                 Future increase in salaries and wages;
                                 Future on-cost rates; and
                                 Experience of employee departures and period of service.

                            Employee benefits
                            Judgements have been made in the calculations as to the number of overtime hours and allowance payments based on assumed work
                            patterns.



                          17.       Financial assets and financial liabilities




For personal use only
                          (a)       Financial instruments

                          The Group holds the following financial instruments:
                                                                                               Derivatives used        Financial assets and                       Total
                                                                                                    for hedging                   liabilities
                           2025                                                  Notes                      $m                            $m                       $m
                           Financial assets
                           Cash and cash equivalents                              7                            -                        63.3                      63.3
                           Trade and other receivables                            8                            -                        51.0                      51.0
                           Total                                                                               -                      114.3                      114.3

                           Financial liabilities
                           Trade and other payables                              13                            -                      508.8                      508.8
                           Borrowings                                            14                            -                          -                          -
                           Lease liabilities                                     12                            -                    1,235.8                     1,235.8
                           Derivative financial instruments                      22                          3.2                          -                         3.2
                           Total                                                                             3.2                    1,744.6                     1,747.8

                                                                                               Derivatives used        Financial assets and                       Total
                                                                                                    for hedging                   liabilities
                           2024                                                  Notes                      $m                            $m                       $m
                           Financial assets
                           Cash and cash equivalents                              7                            -                      217.5                      217.5
                           Trade and other receivables                            8                            -                        50.2                      50.2
                           Derivative financial instruments                      22                          0.2                           -                       0.2
                           Total                                                                             0.2                      267.7                      267.9

                           Financial liabilities
                           Trade and other payables                              13                            -                      506.6                      506.6
                           Borrowings                                            14                            -                          -                          -
                           Lease liabilities                                     12                            -                    1,103.4                     1,103.4
                           Total                                                                               -                    1,610.0                     1,610.0

                          The Group’s exposure to various risks associated with the financial instruments is discussed in Note 22 – Financial risk management. The
                          maximum exposure to credit risk at the end of the reporting period is the carrying amount of each class of financial assets mentioned above.
                        121                                                                           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25
                              121                                                                           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25


                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                              For the period ended 28 June 2025

                              17.        Financial assets and financial liabilities (continued)

                              (b)        Recognised fair value measurements

                              (i)        Fair value hierarchy
                              This section explains the judgements and estimates made in determining the fair values of the financial instruments that are recognised and
                              measured at fair value in the financial statements. To provide an indication of the reliability of the inputs used in determining fair value, the
                              Group has classified its financial instruments into the three levels prescribed under the accounting standards. An explanation of each level
                              follows below the table.

                              The fair value of forward exchange contracts is determined using forward exchange market rates at the balance sheet date.

                              The carrying value less impairment provision of trade receivables and payables is assumed to approximate their fair values due to their short-
                              term nature. The fair value of financial liabilities for disclosure purposes is estimated by discounting the future contractual cash flows at the
                              current market interest rate that is available to the Group for similar financial instruments.

                              The following tables present the Group’s assets and liabilities measured and recognised at fair value.




For personal use only
                                                                                               Level 1              Level 2                   Level 3                  Total
                              2025                                                                 $m                      $m                     $m                     $m
                              Financial assets
                              Derivatives used for hedging                                            -                      -                       -                       -
                              Total                                                                   -                      -                       -                       -
                              Financial liabilities
                              Derivatives used for hedging - forward foreign
                              exchange contracts                                                      -                    3.2                       -                   3.2
                              Total                                                                   -                    3.2                       -                   3.2

                                                                                               Level 1                 Level 2                Level 3                  Total
                              2024                                                                 $m                      $m                     $m                     $m
                              Financial assets
                              Derivatives used for hedging - forward foreign
                              exchange contracts                                                      -                    0.2                       -                   0.2
                              Total                                                                   -                    0.2                       -                   0.2
                              Financial liabilities
                              Derivatives used for hedging                                            -                      -                      -                        -
                              Total                                                                   -                      -                       -                       -

                              There were no transfers between any levels for recurring fair value measurements during the year. The Group’s policy is to recognise
                              transfers into and transfers out of fair value hierarchy levels as at the end of the reporting period.

                              Level 1: The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets (such as publicly traded derivatives, and trading and equity
                              investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI)) is based on quoted market prices at the end of the
                              reporting period. The quoted market price used for financial assets held by the Group is the current bid price. These instruments are
                              included in level 1.

                              Level 2: The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example, over-the-counter derivatives) is
                              determined using valuation techniques which maximise the use of observable market data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific
                              estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.

                              Level 3: If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is included in level 3. This is the
                              case for unlisted equity securities.

                              (ii)       Valuation techniques used to determine fair value
                              Specific valuation techniques used to value financial instruments include:
                                  the use of quoted market prices or dealer quotes for similar instruments;
                                  the fair value of interest rate swaps is calculated as the present value of the estimated future cash flows based on observable yield
                                   curves;
                                  the fair value of forward foreign exchange contracts is determined using forward exchange rates at the balance sheet date;
                                  the fair value of the remaining financial instruments is determined using discounted cash flow analysis.

                              All of the resulting fair value estimates are included in level 2, where the fair values have been determined based on present values and
                              the discount rates used were adjusted for counterparty or own credit risk.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                            122
                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                  122


                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                          For the period ended 28 June 2025

                          17.       Financial assets and financial liabilities (continued)

                            Material accounting policy information
                            Financial assets classification
                            The Group classifies its financial assets as those to be measured at amortised cost.

                            The classification depends on the Group’s business model for managing the financial assets and the contractual terms of the cash flows.

                            Recognition and derecognition
                            Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date on which the Group commits to purchase or
                            sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised when the rights to receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been
                            transferred and the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.

                            Measurement
                            At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus transaction costs that are directly attributable to the
                            acquisition of the financial asset.




For personal use only
                            Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining whether their cash flows are solely payment
                            of principal and interest.

                            Debt instruments
                            Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for managing the asset and the cash flow
                            characteristics of the asset. There are three measurement categories into which the Group classifies its debt instruments:

                            Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows represent solely payments of principal
                            and interest are measured at amortised cost. Interest income from these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective
                            interest rate method. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition is recognised directly in profit or loss and presented in other gains/(losses)
                            together with foreign exchange gains and losses. Impairment losses are presented as separate line item in the statement of profit or loss.

                            Impairment
                            The Group assesses on a forward-looking basis the expected credit losses associated with its debt instruments carried at amortised cost
                            and FVOCI. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.

                            For trade receivables, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by AASB 9, which requires expected lifetime losses to be
                            recognised from initial recognition of the receivables.

                            Derivative financial instruments and hedging activities
                            Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value on the date a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently remeasured to their
                            fair value. The method of recognising the resulting gain or loss depends on whether the derivative is designated as a hedging instrument,
                            and if so, the nature of the item being hedged. The Group designates certain derivatives as either: hedges of the fair value of recognised
                            assets or liabilities or a firm commitment (fair value hedge); or hedges of highly probable forecast transactions (cash flow hedges).

                            The Group documents at the inception of the transaction the relationship between hedging instruments and hedged items as well as its
                            risk management objective and strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions. The Group also documents its assessment, both at
                            hedge inception and on an ongoing basis, of whether the derivatives that are used in hedging transactions have been and will continue to
                            be highly effective in offsetting changes in cash flows of hedged items.

                            Cash flow hedges
                            The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges is recognised in equity
                            in the hedging reserve. The gain or loss relating to the ineffective portion is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

                            Amounts accumulated in equity are recycled in profit or loss in the income periods when the hedged item will affect profit or loss (for
                            instance when the forecast payment that is hedged takes place). When the forecast transaction that is hedged results in the recognition
                            of a non-financial asset (for example, inventory) or a non-financial liability, the gains and losses previously deferred in equity are transferred
                            from equity and included in the measurement of the initial cost or carrying amount of the asset or liability.

                            When a hedging instrument expires or is sold or terminated, or when a hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, any
                            cumulative gain or loss existing in equity at the time remains in equity and is recognised when the forecast transaction is ultimately
                            recognised in profit or loss. As soon as a forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss that was reported
                            in equity is transferred to profit or loss.

                            Derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting
                            Certain derivative instruments do not qualify for hedge accounting. Changes in the fair value of any derivative instrument that does not
                            qualify for hedge accounting are recognised in profit or loss.
                        123                                                                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25
                              123                                                                           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25


                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                              For the period ended 28 June 2025

                              18.       Earnings per share
                                                                                                                                                  2025                  2024
                              (a)       Basic earnings per share                                                                                 Cents                 Cents
                              Total basic earnings per share attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the company                           98.2                 106.3

                              (b)        Diluted earnings per share
                              Total diluted earnings per share attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the company                         97.4                 105.4

                              (c)       Weighted average number of shares used as the denominator                                             Number                Number

                              Weighted average number of shares used as the denominator in calculating basic EPS                          225,826,500           225,826,500
                              Adjustments for calculation of diluted earnings per share – performance rights                                 1,786,282             1,877,214
                              Weighted average potential ordinary shares used as the denominator in
                                                                                                                                          227,612,782           227,703,714
                              calculating diluted earnings per share

                              (d)       Reconciliations of earnings used in calculating earnings per share




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                   $m                     $m
                              Basic earnings and diluted earnings per share
                              Profit attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the company used in EPS                                221.8                 240.1
                              calculating basic earnings per share:
                              (e)         Information concerning the classification of securities
                              Performance Rights
                              Performance rights granted are considered to be potential ordinary shares and have been included in the determination of diluted earnings
                              per share to the extent to which they are dilutive.

                               Material accounting policy information
                               Basic earnings per share
                               Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing:
                                the profit attributable to equity holders of the Company, excluding any costs of servicing equity other than ordinary shares;
                                by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year, adjusted for bonus elements in ordinary
                                   shares issued during the year and excluding treasury shares.

                               Diluted earnings per share
                               Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share to take into account the after income
                               tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated with dilutive potential ordinary shares and the weighted average number of
                               shares assumed to have been issued for no consideration in relation to dilutive potential ordinary shares.



                              19.       Contributed equity

                              (a)       Share capital                                                                                             2025                  2024
                                                                                                                                                    $m                    $m
                              Ordinary shares fully paid (225,826,500 ordinary shares as at 28 June 2025)                                         740.7                 740.7

                                                                                                          Number of shares                Issue price                     $m
                              (i)        Movement in ordinary share capital
                              Balance 1 July 2023                                                              225,826,500                                              740.7
                              Movement in the period                                                                        -                       -                        -
                              Balance 29 June 2024                                                             225,826,500                                              740.7
                              Movement in the period                                                                        -                       -                        -
                              Balance 28 June 2025                                                             225,826,500                                              740.7

                              Ordinary shares have no par value and the Company does not have a limited amount of authorised capital.

                              The ordinary shares entitle the holder to participate in dividends and the proceeds on winding up of the parent entity in proportion to the
                              number of and amounts paid on the shares held.

                              On a show of hands every holder of ordinary shares present, in person or by proxy, at a meeting of shareholders of the parent entity is entitled
                              to one vote and, upon a poll, each share is entitled to one vote.

                              Performance rights over 487,354 (2024: 716,720) ordinary shares were issued during the period with 401,645 (2024: 813,036) performance
                              rights vesting during the period. Vesting of performance rights was fulfilled through on-market share purchases. Information relating to
                              performance rights outstanding at the end of the financial year is set out in Note 29 – Share-based payments.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                           124
                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                  124


                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                          For the period ended 28 June 2025

                          19.           Contributed equity (continued)

                          (b)           Other equity                                                                                              2025                  2024
                                                                                                                                                   $m                     $m
                          Treasury shares                                                                                                            -                      -

                                                                                                                                  Average price per
                                                                                                         Number of shares                     share                       $m
                          (i)           Movement in treasury shares
                          Balance 1 July 2023                                                                     (300,000)                                             (3.8)
                          Issue of treasury shares to employees                                                    300,000                     12.76                      3.8
                          Balance 29 June 2024                                                                             -                                                  -
                          Acquisition of shares by the Trust                                                       (13,274)                    16.61                    (0.2)
                          Issue of treasury shares to employees                                                       6,288                    16.61                      0.1




For personal use only
                          Sale of shares by the Trust                                                                 6,986                    16.61                      0.1
                          Balance 28 June 2025                                                                             -                                                  -

                          Treasury shares are ordinary shares in Super Retail Group Limited that are held by the trust established to hold shares for the purposes of the
                          Super Retail Group Employee Equity Incentive Plan (the EIP) (refer to Note 29 – Share-based payments for further details). Shares issued or
                          allocated to employees will be on a first-in-first-out basis.

                          Dividend reinvestment plan
                          The Company has established a dividend reinvestment plan under which holders of ordinary shares may elect to have all or part of their
                          dividend entitlements satisfied by shares purchased on market rather than by being paid in cash.


                                Material accounting policy information
                                Contributed equity
                                Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity
                                as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options, or for the
                                acquisition of a business, are included in the cost of the acquisition as part of the purchase consideration.



                          20.           Reserves and retained earnings
                                                                                                                                                 2025                  2024
                                                                                                                                                   $m                    $m
                          (a)       Reserves
                          Share-based payments reserve                                                                                               9.2                13.5
                          Hedging reserve                                                                                                          (2.2)                  0.2
                          Foreign currency translation reserve                                                                                       3.4                  1.5
                          NCI equity reserve                                                                                                       (8.0)                (8.0)
                          Total                                                                                                                     2.4                  7.2

                          (i)       Movements
                          Share-based payments reserve
                          Balance at the beginning of the financial period                                                                         13.5                 20.8
                          Value of equity purchased for performance rights and restricted shares                                                   (8.1)              (15.4)
                          Performance rights and restricted shares expense                                                                           3.8                 8.1
                          Balance at the end of the financial period                                                                                9.2                 13.5

                          Hedging reserve
                          Balance at the beginning of the financial period                                                                           0.2                  1.9
                          Revaluation – gross                                                                                                      (3.5)                (2.4)
                          Deferred tax                                                                                                               1.1                  0.7
                          Balance at the end of the financial period                                                                               (2.2)                 0.2
                        125                                                                            SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25
                              125                                                                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25


                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                              For the period ended 28 June 2025

                              20.        Reserves and retained earnings (continued)

                              (a)        Reserves (continued)

                              (i)        Movements (continued)
                                                                                                                                                   2025                 2024
                                                                                                                                                    $m                   $m
                              Foreign currency translation reserve
                              Balance at the beginning of the financial period                                                                       1.5                  2.7
                              Net exchange difference on translation of foreign controlled entities                                                  1.9                (1.2)
                              Balance at the end of the financial period                                                                             3.4                  1.5

                              NCI equity reserve
                              Balance at the beginning of the financial period                                                                     (8.0)                (8.0)
                              Change in ownership interest in controlled entities                                                                      -                    -




For personal use only
                              Balance at the end of the financial period                                                                           (8.0)                (8.0)

                              (ii)     Nature and purpose of reserves
                              Hedging reserve - cash flow hedges
                              The hedging reserve is used to record gains or losses on a hedging instrument in a cash flow hedge that are recognised in equity through
                              other comprehensive income, as described in Note 17 – Financial assets and financial liabilities. Amounts are recognised in profit or loss
                              when the associated hedged transaction affects profit or loss.

                              Share-based payments reserve
                              The share-based payments reserve is used to recognise the grant date fair value of options and performance rights issued.

                              Foreign currency translation reserve
                              Exchange differences arising on translation of the foreign controlled entity are taken to the foreign currency translation reserve, as described
                              in Note 2(c). The reserve is recognised in profit or loss when the net investment is disposed of.

                              NCI equity reserve
                              The NCI equity reserve is used to recognise the change in ownership interest in controlled entities.

                              (b)        Retained earnings
                                                                                                                                                 2025                   2024
                                                                                                                                                   $m                    $m
                              Balance at the beginning of the financial period                                                                   625.3                 613.3
                              Net profit for the period attributable to owners of Super Retail Group                                             221.8                 240.1
                              Dividends paid                                                                                                   (268.8)               (228.1)
                              Retained profits at the end of the financial period                                                                578.3                 625.3



                              21.        Reconciliation of profit after income tax to net cash inflow from operating activities
                                                                                                                                                  2025                 2024
                                                                                                                                                   $m                    $m
                               Profit from ordinary activities after related income tax                                                          221.8                 240.1
                               Depreciation and amortisation                                                                                     358.3                 338.2
                               Impairment charge / (reversal) on right-of-use assets                                                                0.5                 (0.8)
                               Net (gain) on disposal of non-current assets                                                                       (0.6)                 (0.6)
                               Non-cash employee benefits expense/share-based payments                                                             3.8                    8.1
                               Finance costs                                                                                                      67.0                  49.6
                               Change in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects from the purchase of
                               controlled entities
                                - (increase) / decrease in receivables                                                                            (0.3)                   7.0
                                - (decrease) / increase in net current tax liability                                                             (19.6)                   6.6
                                - (increase) / decrease in inventories                                                                           (40.7)                (57.5)
                                - increase / (decrease) in payables                                                                                 3.8                 77.1
                                - (decrease) / increase in provisions                                                                             (1.6)                  6.8
                                - (increase) / decrease in net deferred taxes assets                                                             (15.1)                (39.5)
                               Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                                         577.3                 635.1
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                       126
                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                 126


                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                          For the period ended 28 June 2025

                          22.        Financial risk management

                          This note explains the Group’s exposure to financial risks and how these risks could affect the Group’s future financial performance. Current
                          year profit or loss information has been included where relevant to add further context.

                                                                        Market risk
                                                                                                                       Credit risk                     Liquidity risk
                                                     Foreign exchange                   Interest rate
                                                Future commercial
                                                transactions                                                  Cash and cash equivalents,
                           Exposure             Recognised financial assets     Long-term borrowings at       trade and other receivables     Borrowings and lease
                           arising from         and liabilities not denominated variable rates                and derivative financial        liabilities
                                                in the entity’s functional                                    instruments
                                                currency
                                                Cash flow forecasting                                         Ageing analysis                 Rolling cash flow forecasts
                           Measurement                                            Sensitivity analysis
                                                Sensitivity analysis                                          Credit ratings                  Projected net debt levels




For personal use only
                                                                                                              Rolling cash flow forecasts     Availability of committed
                                                Forward foreign exchange
                           Management                                             Interest rate swaps         Credit limits and retention     credit lines and borrowing
                                                contracts
                                                                                                              of title over goods sold        facilities

                          The Group’s risk management is carried out by the finance department under policies approved by the Board. The finance department
                          identifies, evaluates and hedges financial risks in co-operation with the Group’s operating units. The Board approves a formal policy for overall
                          risk management, as well as policies covering specific areas, such as foreign exchange risk, interest rate risk, credit risk, use of derivative
                          financial instruments and non-derivative financial instruments, and investment of excess liquidity.

                          (a)        Derivative financial instruments

                          Derivative Financial Instruments are used only for economic hedging purposes and not as trading or speculative instruments. The Group has
                          the following derivative financial instruments:
                                                                                                                                          2025                2024
                                                                                                                                                 $m                     $m
                          Current assets
                          Forward foreign exchange contracts – cash flow hedges                                                                    -                    0.2
                          Total current derivative financial instrument assets                                                                     -                    0.2


                          Current liabilities
                          Forward foreign exchange contracts – cash flow hedges                                                                  3.2                        -
                          Total current derivative financial instrument liabilities                                                              3.2                        -

                          (i)       Classification of derivatives
                          Derivatives are classified as held for trading and accounted for at fair value through profit or loss unless they are designated as hedges. They
                          are presented as current assets or liabilities if they are expected to be settled within 12 months after the end of the reporting period.

                          The Group’s accounting policy for cash flow hedges is set out in Note 17 – Financial assets and financial liabilities. For hedged forecast
                          transactions that result in the recognition of a non-financial asset, the Group includes related hedging gains and losses in the initial
                          measurement of the cost of the asset.

                          (ii)      Fair value measurement
                          For information about the methods and assumptions used in determining the fair value of derivatives please refer to Note 17 – Financial
                          assets and financial liabilities.

                          (b)        Market risk

                          (i)      Foreign exchange risk
                          Group companies are required to hedge their foreign exchange risk exposure using forward contracts transacted by the finance department.

                          The Group operates internationally and is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from currency exposures to the United States dollar (USD)
                          and Chinese Yuan (CNY).

                          Foreign exchange risk arises when future commercial transactions and recognised assets and liabilities are denominated in a currency that is
                          not the entity’s functional currency.

                          The Group’s risk management policy is to hedge between 50 per cent and 75 per cent of anticipated foreign currency purchases for the
                          following four months and up to 50 per cent of anticipated foreign currency purchases for the following five to 12 month period.
                        127                                                                           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25
                              127                                                                              SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25


                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                              For the period ended 28 June 2025

                              22.       Financial risk management (continued)

                              (b)       Market risk (continued)

                              (i)       Foreign exchange risk (continued)

                              Instruments used by the Group
                              The Group retails products including some that have been imported, with contract pricing denominated in USD or CNY. In order to protect
                              against exchange rate movements, the Group has entered into forward exchange rate contracts to purchase USD. The contracts are timed
                              to mature in line with forecast import purchases for the subsequent twelve months, on a rolling basis. The Group does not currently enter
                              into forward exchange rate contracts to purchase CNY.

                              Exposure
                              The Group’s exposure to foreign currency risk at the end of the reporting period was as follows:

                                                                                                                                                  2025                 2024
                                                                                                                                                   USD                  USD




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                    $m                   $m
                              Trade receivables                                                                                                     1.9                  2.4
                              Trade payables                                                                                                       25.3                 32.5
                              Forward exchange contract - notional amount in foreign currency (cash flow hedges)
                                    Buy United States dollars and sell Australian/New Zealand dollars with maturity
                                    - 0 to 4 months                                                                                                61.0                 55.2
                                    - 5 to 12 months                                                                                               60.5                 43.5
                                                                                                                                                 121.5                  98.7
                              The weighted average hedge rate of the forward exchange contracts as at 28 June 2025 is 0.6394 (2024: 0.6617).

                                                                                                                                                  2025                 2024
                                                                                                                                                   CNY                  CNY
                                                                                                                                                     m                    m
                              Trade receivables                                                                                                     2.6                  1.9
                              Trade payables                                                                                                       68.0                 61.6

                              The portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument that is determined to be an effective hedge is recognised in equity through other
                              comprehensive income. When the cash flows occur, the Group adjusts the initial measurement of the component recognised in the
                              consolidated balance sheet by the related amount deferred in equity. In the year ended 28 June 2025, no hedges were considered to be
                              ineffective (2024: nil).

                              Gains and losses arising from hedging contracts terminated prior to maturity are also carried forward until the designated hedged transaction
                              occurs.

                              The following gains, losses and costs have been deferred as at the balance date:
                                                                                                                                                2025                  2024
                                                                                                                                                  $m                    $m
                               - unrealised gains on USD foreign exchange contracts                                                              (3.2)                  0.2
                               Total unrealised gains                                                                                            (3.2)                  0.2

                              Group sensitivity
                              Based on the financial instruments held at 28 June 2025, had the Australian dollar weakened/strengthened by 10 per cent against other
                              currencies with all other variables held constant, the impact on the Group’s post-tax profit would have been nil, on the basis that the financial
                              instruments would have been designated as cash flow hedges and the impact upon the foreign exchange movements of other financial assets
                              and liabilities is not material.

                              Equity would have been $19.5 million lower/$18.1 million higher (2024: $13.4 million lower/$16.5 million higher) had the Australian dollar
                              strengthened/ weakened by 10 per cent against other currencies, arising mainly from forward foreign exchange contracts designated as cash
                              flow hedges. The impact on other Group assets and liabilities as a result of movements in exchange rates is not material.

                              A sensitivity of 10 per cent was selected following review of historic trends.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                               128
                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                         128


                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                          For the period ended 28 June 2025

                          22.         Financial risk management (continued)

                          (b)         Market risk (continued)

                          (ii)        Cashflow and fair value interest rate risk

                          Instruments used by the Group - interest rate swap contracts
                          An assessment of the forecast core debt requirements subsequent to the equity raising announced on 15 June 2020 indicated that core debt
                          was minimal, and all interest rate swaps were terminated. No new interest rate swap contracts have been entered into as core debt remains
                          at nil. Therefore, current interest expense is subject to variable rates only.

                          Interest rate risk exposures
                          The Group’s exposure to interest rate risk and the effective weighted average interest rate by maturity periods is set out in the following
                          table:
                                                                                                          Fixed interest maturing in
                                                                                                                                                  Non-




For personal use only
                                                                                        Floating   1 year or   Over 1 to 5    More than        interest
                                                                                   interest rate        less        years       5 years        bearing         Total
                                                                      Notes                  $m          $m            $m           $m              $m           $m

                            2025
                            Financial assets
                            Cash and cash equivalents                   7                  60.8            -             -                 -       2.5          63.3
                            Trade and other receivables                 8                      -           -             -                 -      51.0          51.0
                            Total financial assets                                         60.8            -             -                 -      53.5         114.3
                            Weighted average rate of interest                            4.05%
                            Financial liabilities
                            Lease liabilities                          12                      -      223.5         704.6              307.7         -       1,235.8
                            Trade and other payables                   13                      -          -             -                  -     508.8         508.8
                            Borrowings                                 14                      -           -             -                 -          -             -
                            Total financial liabilities                                        -      223.5         704.6              307.7     508.8       1,744.6
                            Weighted average rate of interest                               n/a
                            Net financial (liabilities) / assets                           60.8     (223.5)        (704.6)        (307.7)      (455.3)     (1,630.3)


                                                                                                          Fixed interest maturing in
                                                                                                                                                  Non-
                                                                                        Floating   1 year or   Over 1 to 5    More than        interest
                                                                                   interest rate        less        years       5 years        bearing         Total
                                                                      Notes                  $m          $m            $m           $m              $m           $m


                            2024
                            Financial assets
                            Cash and cash equivalents                   7                 215.5            -             -                 -       2.0         217.5
                            Trade and other receivables                 8                      -           -             -                 -      50.2          50.2
                            Total financial assets                                        215.5            -             -                 -      52.2         267.7
                            Weighted average rate of interest                            4.25%
                            Financial liabilities
                            Lease liabilities                          12                      -      200.3         650.8              252.3         -       1,103.4
                            Trade and other payables                   13                      -          -             -                  -     506.6         506.6
                            Borrowings                                 14                      -           -             -                 -          -             -
                            Total financial liabilities                                        -      200.3         650.8              252.3     506.6       1,610.0
                            Weighted average rate of interest                               n/a
                            Net financial (liabilities) / assets                          215.5     (200.3)        (650.8)        (252.3)      (454.4)      (1,342.3)
                        129                                                                           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25
                              129                                                                           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25


                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                              For the period ended 28 June 2025

                              22.       Financial risk management (continued)

                              (b)       Market risk (continued)

                              (ii)      Cashflow and fair value interest rate risk (continued)

                              Group sensitivity
                              The Group’s main interest rate risk typically arises from long-term borrowings. Borrowings issued at variable rates expose the Group to cash
                              flow interest rate risk. Borrowings issued at fixed rates expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk. During the 2025 and 2024 financial
                              years, the Group’s borrowings were at variable rates and were denominated in Australian dollars.

                              As at the reporting date, the Group had the following variable rate borrowings outstanding:

                                                                                                                                                   2025                   2024
                                                                                                                                                    $m                     $m
                              Bank loans                                                                                                                -                     -




For personal use only
                              An analysis by maturities is provided in (d) below.

                              The Group risk management policy is to maintain fixed interest rate hedges of approximately 40 per cent of anticipated core debt levels over
                              a 3-year period. The Group utilises interest rate swaps to hedge its interest rate exposure on borrowings but as disclosed above no interest
                              rate swaps have been entered into as core debt remains nil.

                              As at 28 June 2025, if interest rates had changed by +/- 100 basis points from the year-end rates with all other variables held constant, post-
                              tax profit and equity for the year would have been $0.22 million higher/lower (2024: unchanged, due to having no debt during the reporting
                              period).

                              (c)       Credit risk

                              Credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents, derivative financial instruments and deposits with banks and financial institutions, as well
                              as credit exposures to wholesale and retail customers, including outstanding receivables and committed transactions.

                              (i)         Risk management
                              Credit risk is managed on a Group basis. For banks and financial institutions, only independently rated parties with a minimum credit rating
                              of ‘A’ are accepted.

                              If wholesale customers are independently rated, these ratings are used. Otherwise, if there is no independent rating, the finance function
                              assesses the credit quality of the customer, taking into account its financial position, past experience and other factors. Individual risk limits
                              are set based on internal or external ratings in accordance with limits set by the Board. The compliance with credit limits by wholesale
                              customers is regularly monitored by management.

                              Sales to retail customers are required to be settled in cash, using major credit cards or buy-now-pay-later solutions, mitigating credit risk.
                              There are no significant concentrations of credit risk, whether through exposure to individual customers, specific industry sectors and/or
                              regions.

                              (ii)      Security
                              For wholesale customers without credit rating, the Group generally retains title over the goods sold until full payment is received, thus limiting
                              the loss from a possible default to the profit margin made on the sale. For some trade receivables the Group may also obtain security in the
                              form of guarantees, deeds of undertaking or letters of credit which can be called upon if the counterparty is in default under the terms of the
                              agreement.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                                   130
                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                          130


                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                          For the period ended 28 June 2025

                          22.           Financial risk management (continued)

                          (d)           Liquidity risk

                          Prudent liquidity risk management implies maintaining sufficient cash and the availability of funding through an adequate amount of
                          committed credit facilities to meet obligations when due. As a result of the dynamic nature of the underlying businesses, the finance
                          department maintains flexibility in funding by maintaining availability under committed credit lines.

                          Management monitors rolling forecasts of the Group’s liquidity reserve (comprising the undrawn borrowing facilities below) and cash and
                          cash equivalents on the basis of expected cash flows. In addition, the Group’s liquidity management policy involves projecting cash flows in
                          major currencies and considering the level of liquid assets necessary to meet these.

                          (i)          Financing arrangements
                                                                                                                                                              2025              2024
                          Unrestricted access was available at balance date to the following lines of credit:                                                   $m                $m




For personal use only
                            Total facilities
                            - bank debt funding facility                                                                                                     500.0             500.0
                                - bank overdraft facility                                                                                                      35.0              35.0
                                - multi-option facility (including indemnity/guarantee)                                                                        15.0              15.0
                            Total                                                                                                                            550.0             550.0

                            Facilities used at balance date
                                - bank debt funding facility                                                                                                       -                    -
                                - bank overdraft facility(1)                                                                                                       -                    -
                                - multi-option facility (including indemnity/guarantee) (2)                                                                     7.2               5.1
                            Total                                                                                                                               7.2               5.1

                            Unused balance of facilities at balance date
                            - bank debt funding facility                                                                                                     500.0             500.0
                                - bank overdraft facility                                                                                                      35.0              35.0
                                - multi-option facility (including indemnity/guarantee)                                                                         7.8               9.9
                            Total                                                                                                                            542.8             544.9

                            (1) As at 28 June 2025 the bank overdraft facility was undrawn (2024: undrawn). The bank overdraft is an integral part of the Group’s cash management and

                                  in accordance with financing arrangements is included as part of cash and cash equivalents (refer Note 7).
                            (2) Represents contingent liabilities in the form of guarantees under the multi-option facility and as disclosed in Note 31 – Contingencies.



                          During the reporting period, the Group refinanced its bank debt funding facility, extending tenor of the overall facility. Bank debt funding is
                          split with $160 million expiring June 2028 (2024: December 2025), $180 million expiring June 2029 (2024: December 2026) and $160 million
                          expiring June 2030 (2024: December 2027). Drawdown of debt facilities can occur within 48 hours’ notice. Bank overdraft and multi-option
                          funding facilities totalling $50 million are reviewed and renewed annually.

                          Current interest rates which would apply on bank loans of the Group if drawn down are 4.83% - 5.03% (2024: 5.77% - 5.97%).
                        131                                                                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25
                              131                                                                         SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25


                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                              For the period ended 28 June 2025

                              22.        Financial risk management (continued)

                              (d)        Liquidity risk (continued)

                              (ii)        Maturities of financial liabilities
                              The following tables present the Group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on their contractual maturities for:
                              - all non-derivative financial liabilities; and
                              - net and gross settled derivative financial instruments for which the contractual maturities are essential for an understanding of the timing
                                   of the cash flows.

                              The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows. Balances due within 12 months equal their carrying balances
                              as the impact of discounting is not significant.

                                                                                                                                                                   Carrying
                                                                                                     Between 1      Between 2                          Total        amount
                                                                       Less than 6         6-12          and 2          and 5          Over 5    contractual      (assets) /




For personal use only
                                                                          months         months          years          years           years     cash flows      liabilities
                               2025                                            $m           $m             $m             $m              $m              $m             $m
                               Non-derivatives
                               Trade and other payables                      508.8               -             -              -              -         508.8          508.8
                               Borrowings                                         -              -             -              -              -              -               -
                               Lease liabilities                               9.6         272.9          254.9          603.9          356.5        1,497.8        1,235.8
                               Total non-derivatives                         518.4         272.9          254.9          603.9          356.5        2,006.6        1,744.6


                               Derivatives
                               Forward exchange contracts used
                               for hedging:
                               Gross settled
                               - (inflow)                                  (133.9)         (52.0)              -              -              -        (185.9)               -
                               - outflow                                     135.9           52.6              -              -              -         188.5             3.2
                               Total derivatives                               2.0            0.6              -              -              -            2.6            3.2


                                                                                                                                                                   Carrying
                                                                                                     Between 1      Between 2                          Total        amount
                                                                       Less than 6         6-12          and 2          and 5          Over 5    contractual      (assets) /
                                                                          months         months          years          years           years     cash flows      liabilities
                               2024                                            $m           $m             $m             $m              $m              $m             $m
                               Non-derivatives
                               Trade and other payables                      506.6               -             -              -              -         506.6          506.6
                               Borrowings                                         -              -             -              -              -              -               -
                               Lease liabilities                             110.0          141.8         228.3          544.8          276.5        1,301.4        1,103.4
                               Total non-derivatives                         616.6          141.8         228.3          544.8          276.5        1,808.0        1,610.0


                               Derivatives
                               Forward exchange contracts used
                               for hedging:
                               Gross settled
                               - (inflow)                                  (111.9)         (35.9)              -              -              -        (147.8)          (0.2)
                               - outflow                                     111.9           35.8              -              -              -         147.7                -
                               Total derivatives                                  -          (0.1)             -              -              -          (0.1)          (0.2)
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                     132
                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                               132


                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                          For the period ended 28 June 2025

                          23.        Capital management

                          (a)        Risk management

                          The Group’s objectives when managing capital, including cash, debt and equity, are to safeguard its ability to continue as a going concern and
                          to ensure that a flexible, secure and cost-effective supply of funds is available to meet the Group’s operating and investment requirements.

                          In order to maintain or adjust the optimal capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital
                          to shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt.

                          The Group monitors a range of financial metrics such as net debt to EBITDA ratio and the fixed charge cover ratio (FCCR). The ratio is calculated
                          as earnings before finance costs, income tax, depreciation, amortisation and rental expense (EBITDAR) divided by fixed charge obligations
                          (being finance costs rental expenses).

                          For the purposes of capital management FCCR is utilised on a pre-AASB 16 Leases basis. The FCCR and net debt to EBITDA ratios at 28 June
                          2025 and 29 June 2024 were as follows:




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                2025                         2024
                                                                                                                                  $m                           $m
                          Non-IFRS measures                                                                                Unaudited                   Unaudited
                          Normalised net profit after tax (pre-AASB 16 Leases)                                                         238.1                         249.2
                          Add: Taxation expense                                                                                         98.6                         103.0
                               Finance costs                                                                                             7.3                           5.4
                                 Depreciation and amortisation (excludes impairment)                                                   113.8                         109.3
                          EBITDA                                                                                                       457.8                         466.9
                                  Rental expense                                                                                       349.4                         316.2
                          EBITDAR                                                                                                      807.2                         783.1
                                  Finance costs                                                                                          7.3                           5.4
                                  Rental expense                                                                                       349.4                         316.2
                          Fixed charges                                                                                                356.7                         321.6
                          Fixed charge cover ratio                                                                                      2.26                          2.44
                          Net debt to EBITDA ratio(1)                                                                                  (0.14)                       (0.47)
                          (1) Normalised net debt (pre-AASB 16 Leases) is positive $63.3m (2024: positive $217.5m).



                          (i)        Loan Covenants
                          Financial covenants are provided by Super Retail Group with respect to leverage, gearing, fixed charges coverage and shareholder funds. The
                          Group has complied with the financial covenants of its borrowing facilities during the 2025 and 2024 financial years. There are no assets
                          pledged as security in relation to the unsecured debt in the 2025 financial year (2024: nil).
                        133                                                                                SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25
                              133                                                                                SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25


                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                              For the period ended 28 June 2025

                              23.           Capital management (continued)

                              (b)           Dividends                                                                                              2025                2024
                                                                                                                                                    $m                  $m
                              Ordinary shares
                              Dividends paid by Super Retail Group Limited during the financial year were as follows:

                              Final dividend for the period ended 29 June 2024 of 37.0 cents per share (2023: 44.0 cents per
                              share) paid on 17 October 2024. Fully franked based on tax paid at 30%                                               83.6                 99.4
                              Special dividend for the period ended 29 June 2024 of 50.0 cents per share (2023: 25.0) paid on 17
                              October 2024. Fully franked based on tax paid at 30%                                                               112.9                  56.4
                              Interim dividend for the period ended 28 December 2024 of 32.0 cents (2023: 32.0 cents per
                              share) paid on 15 April 2025. Fully franked based on tax paid at 30%                                                 72.3                 72.3
                              Total dividends provided and paid                                                                                  268.8                 228.1




For personal use only
                              Dividends paid in cash or satisfied by the issue of shares under the dividend reinvestment plan
                              were as follows:
                                  -     paid in cash                                                                                             263.2                 222.6
                                  -     satisfied by allocation of shares purchased on market                                                      5.6                   5.5
                                                                                                                                                 268.8                 228.1
                              Dividends not recognised at year end
                              Subsequent to year end, the Directors have resolved to pay a final dividend of 34.0 cents per
                              ordinary share (2024: 37.0 cents per ordinary share) and a special dividend of 30.0 cents per
                              ordinary share (2024: 50.0 cents per ordinary share), both fully franked based on tax paid at 30%.
                              Aggregate amount of the final and special dividend expected to be paid on 16 October 2025, out of
                              retained profits as at 28 June 2025, but not recognised as a liability at year end                                 144.5                 196.5


                              Franking credits
                              The franked portions of dividends paid after 28 June 2025 will be franked out of existing franking
                              credits and out of franking credits arising from the payments of income tax in the years ending after
                              28 June 2025.
                              Franking credits remaining at balance date available for dividends resolved to be paid after the
                              current balance date based on a tax rate of 30%                                                                    265.6                 284.9


                              The above amounts represent the balance of the franking account as at the end of the financial year, adjusted for:
                              -       franking credits that will arise from the payment of the current tax liability

                              The amount recorded above as the franking credit amount is based on the amount of Australian income tax paid or to be paid in respect of
                              the liability for income tax at the balance date.

                              The impact on the franking account of the dividends determined by the Board since year end will be a reduction of $61.9 million (2024: $84.2
                              million). These dividends have not been recognised as a liability at year end.


                                  Material accounting policy information
                                  Dividend distribution
                                  Provision is made for the amount of any dividend determined, being appropriately authorised and no longer at the discretion of the
                                  Group, on or before the end of the financial year but not distributed at balance date.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                                 134
                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                           134


                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                          For the period ended 28 June 2025

                          24.        Related party transactions

                          Transactions with related parties are at arm’s length unless otherwise stated.

                          (a)      Parent entities
                          The parent entity within the Group is Super Retail Group Limited, which is the ultimate Australian parent.

                          (b)       Subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures
                          Details on subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures can be found at Note 25 – Investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures.

                          (c)       Key Management Personnel
                          Disclosures relating to key management personnel are set out in Note 28 – Key management personnel disclosures.

                          (d)       Amounts due from related parties
                          There are no amounts due from Directors of the consolidated Group and their director-related entities (2024: nil).




For personal use only
                          (e)      Transactions with other related parties
                          The Group pays rental fees to various entities ultimately owned and controlled by former Non-Executive Director, Mr Rowe under store lease
                          agreements. These agreements are on normal commercial terms and rent on the relevant properties is negotiated on an arm’s length basis.

                                                                                                                                                         2025                    2024
                           Aggregate amounts included in the determination of profit from ordinary activities before                                        $                       $
                           income tax that resulted from transactions with related parties:

                           Store lease payments(1)                                                                                                 8,071,154               6,882,505
                          (1) Rent payable at year-end was nil (2024: $nil). The current reporting period includes 12 monthly rent payments compared to 11 monthly rent payments in the

                          prior comparative period.



                          25.        Investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures

                          (a)        Subsidiaries

                          Investments in the Group’s material subsidiaries as at 28 June 2025 are set out below. Unless otherwise stated, they have share capital
                          consisting of ordinary shares that are held directly by the Group, and the proportion of ownership interests held equals the voting rights held
                          by the Group. There has been no change to the Group’s ownership interests in these entities during the current reporting period. A full list
                          of the Group’s subsidiaries can be found in the Group’s Consolidated Entity Disclosure Statement on pages 142 to 143 of this financial report.

                           Name of entity                                                   Principal activities                  Country of               Equity holding
                                                                                                                                incorporation           2025 %        2024 %
                           A-Mart All Sports Pty Ltd(1)                                        Dormant                             Australia             100            100
                           Foghorn Holdings Pty Ltd(1)                                     Holding company                         Australia             100            100
                           Macpac Group Holdings Pty Limited(1)                            Holding company                      New Zealand(2)           100            100
                           Macpac Holdings Pty Ltd(1)                                      Holding company                         Australia             100            100
                           Macpac New Zealand Limited                                       Outdoor retail                       New Zealand             100            100
                           Macpac Retail Pty Ltd(1)                                         Outdoor retail                         Australia             100            100
                           MP Finco Pty Limited(1)                                         Holding company                      New Zealand(2)           100            100
                           Ray’s Outdoors Pty Ltd(1)                                        Outdoor retail                         Australia             100            100
                           Rebel Group Limited(1)                                          Holding company                         Australia             100            100
                           Rebel Sport Limited(1)                                            Sports retail                         Australia             100            100
                           SRG Leisure Retail Pty Ltd(1)                                    Outdoor retail                         Australia             100            100
                           SRGS Pty Ltd(1)                                        Product acquisition and distribution             Australia             100            100
                           Super Cheap Auto (New Zealand) Pty Limited                         Auto retail                        New Zealand             100            100
                           Super Cheap Auto Pty Ltd(1)                                        Auto retail                          Australia             100            100
                           Super Retail Commercial Pty Ltd(1)                                 Auto retail                          Australia             100            100
                           Super Retail Group Services Pty Ltd(1)                          Support services                        Australia             100            100
                           SRG Trading (Shanghai) Limited                                  Product sourcing                         China                100            100
                          (1) These controlled entities have been granted relief from the requirement to prepare financial reports in accordance with ASIC Corporations (Wholly-owned

                            Companies) Instrument 2016/785 issued by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission.
                          (2) Macpac Group Holdings Pty Limited and MP Finco Pty Limited were incorporated in New Zealand but redomiciled to Australia on 20 January 2020 and 1 July

                            2019 respectively.
                        135                                                                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25
                              135                                                                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25


                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                              For the period ended 28 June 2025

                              25.       Investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures (continued)

                              (b)       Associates and joint ventures

                              The Group did not have any associates or joint venture entities during the period.


                              26.       Deed of cross guarantee

                              Super Retail Group Limited, A-Mart All Sports Pty Ltd, Auto Trade Direct Pty Ltd, Coyote Retail Pty Limited, Foghorn Holdings Pty Ltd, Goldcross
                              Cycles Pty Ltd, Infinite Retail Pty Ltd, Macpac Holdings Pty Ltd, Macpac Retail Pty Ltd, Mouton Noir Management Pty Ltd, MP Finco Pty Limited,
                              Macpac Group Holdings Pty Limited, Oceania Bicycles Pty Ltd, Ray’s Outdoors Pty Ltd, Rebel Pty Ltd, Rebel Group Limited, Rebel Management
                              Services Pty Limited, Rebel Sport Limited, Rebel Wholesale Pty Limited, Rebelsport.com Pty Limited, SRG Equity Plan Pty Ltd, SRG Leisure
                              Retail Pty Ltd, SRGS Pty Ltd, Super Cheap Auto Pty Ltd, Super Retail Commercial Pty Ltd, Super Retail Group Services Pty Ltd and Workout
                              World Pty Ltd are parties to a Deed of Cross Guarantee under which each company guarantees the debts of the others. By entering into the
                              Deed, the wholly-owned entities have been relieved from the requirement to prepare a financial report and Directors’ report under ASIC




For personal use only
                              Corporations (Wholly-owned Companies) Instrument 2016/785 issued by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission.

                              (a)       Consolidated Comprehensive Income Statement and Summary of Movements in Consolidated Retained Earnings

                              The above companies represent a Closed Group for the purposes of the Class Order, and as there are no other parties to the Deed of Cross
                              Guarantee that are controlled by Super Retail Group Limited, they also represent the Extended Closed Group.

                              Set out below is a consolidated comprehensive income statement and a summary of movements in consolidated retained earnings for the
                              period ended 28 June 2025 of the Closed Group.
                                                                                                                                   2025                 2024
                              Consolidated Comprehensive Income Statement                                                            $m                    $m
                              Revenue                                                                                                       3,807.5                3,622.5
                              Other income                                                                                                     23.0                   25.7
                              Total revenues and other income                                                                               3,830.5                3,648.2

                              Cost of sales of goods                                                                                      (2,071.0)              (1,953.0)
                              Other expenses from ordinary activities
                               - selling and distribution                                                                                   (511.4)                (481.1)
                               - marketing                                                                                                   (97.3)                (101.1)
                               - occupancy                                                                                                  (300.1)                (279.8)
                               - administration                                                                                             (467.4)                (444.0)
                              Finance costs                                                                                                  (66.9)                  (55.2)
                              Total expenses                                                                                              (3,514.1)              (3,314.2)
                              Profit before income tax                                                                                        316.4                  334.0
                              Income tax expense                                                                                             (88.7)                  (92.8)
                              Profit for the period                                                                                          227.7                   241.2

                              Statement of comprehensive income                                                                                 $m                     $m
                              Profit for the period                                                                                           227.7                  241.2
                              Other comprehensive income
                              Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
                              Changes in the fair value of cash flow hedges                                                                    (2.4)                  (1.7)
                              Other comprehensive income for the period, net of tax                                                            (2.4)                  (1.7)
                              Total comprehensive income for the period                                                                       225.3                  239.5

                              Summary of movements in consolidated retained earnings                                                            $m                      $m
                              Retained profits at the beginning of the financial period                                                       669.8                   656.7
                              Profit for the period                                                                                           227.7                   241.2
                              Dividends paid                                                                                                (268.8)                 (228.1)
                              Retained profits at the end of the financial period                                                             628.7                  669.8
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                 136
                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                        136


                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                          For the period ended 28 June 2025

                          26.        Deed of cross guarantee (continued)

                          (b)        Consolidated Balance Sheet

                          Set out below is a consolidated balance sheet as at 28 June 2025 of the Closed Group.

                          ASSETS                                                                                    2025     2024
                          Current assets                                                                             $m        $m
                          Cash and cash equivalents                                                                 47.9     198.5
                          Trade and other receivables                                                               45.4      44.9
                          Inventories                                                                              810.3     777.5
                          Derivative financial instruments                                                             -       0.2
                          Total current assets                                                                     903.6    1,021.1

                          Non-current assets




For personal use only
                          Other financial assets                                                                    190.5    190.5
                          Deferred tax assets                                                                        29.6     14.2
                          Property, plant and equipment                                                             332.4    277.8
                          Right-of-use assets                                                                     1,046.9    941.7
                          Intangible assets                                                                         770.5    779.3
                          Total non-current assets                                                                2,369.9   2,203.5
                          Total assets                                                                            3,273.5   3,224.6

                          LIABILITIES
                          Current liabilities
                          Trade and other payables                                                                 560.7     570.3
                          Lease liabilities                                                                        210.3     188.5
                          Current tax liabilities                                                                   18.6      35.6
                          Provisions                                                                               101.8     106.4
                          Derivative financial instruments                                                           3.2         -
                          Total current liabilities                                                                894.6     900.8

                          Non-current liabilities
                          Lease liabilities                                                                        957.2     865.3
                          Provisions                                                                                53.8      42.9
                          Total non-current liabilities                                                           1,011.0    908.2
                          Total liabilities                                                                       1,905.6   1,809.0


                          NET ASSETS                                                                              1,367.9   1,415.6

                          EQUITY
                          Contributed equity                                                                       740.7     740.7
                          Reserves                                                                                  (1.5)      5.1
                          Retained profits                                                                         628.7     669.8
                          TOTAL EQUITY                                                                            1,367.9   1,415.6
                        137                                                                         SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25
                              137                                                                         SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25


                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                              For the period ended 28 June 2025

                              27.         Parent entity financial information

                              The individual financial statements for the parent entity show the following aggregate amounts:
                                                                                                                                              2025                   2024
                                                                                                                                               $m                     $m
                              Balance Sheet
                              Current assets                                                                                                  274.0                  399.9
                              Total assets                                                                                                  1,081.5                1,207.1


                              Current liabilities                                                                                              29.4                   39.9
                              Total liabilities                                                                                                29.5                   40.2


                              NET ASSETS                                                                                                    1,052.0                1,166.9




For personal use only
                              Contributed equity                                                                                              740.7                  740.7
                              Reserves
                              - share-based payments                                                                                               9.2                13.5
                              Retained earnings                                                                                               302.1                  412.7
                              Total Equity                                                                                                  1,052.0                1,166.9


                              Profit after tax for the period                                                                                 158.2                  270.7
                              Total comprehensive income                                                                                      158.2                  270.7


                                Material accounting policy information
                                Parent entity financial information
                                The financial information for the parent entity, Super Retail Group Limited has been prepared on the same basis as the consolidated
                                financial statements, except as set out below.

                                Investments in subsidiaries
                                Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost in the financial statements of Super Retail Group Limited.

                                Tax consolidation legislation
                                Super Retail Group Limited and its wholly-owned Australian controlled entities have implemented the tax consolidation legislation.

                                The head entity, Super Retail Group Limited, and the controlled entities in the tax consolidated group account for current and deferred tax
                                amounts under the ‘separate taxpayer within group’ approach in accordance with AASB Interpretation 1052, Tax Consolidation Accounting.

                                In addition to its own current and deferred tax amounts, Super Retail Group Limited also recognises the current tax liabilities (or assets)
                                and the deferred tax assets arising from unused tax losses and unused tax credits assumed from controlled entities in the tax consolidated
                                group.

                                The entities have also entered into a tax funding agreement under which the wholly-owned entities fully compensate Super Retail Group
                                Limited for any current tax payable assumed and are compensated by Super Retail Group Limited for any current tax receivable and
                                deferred tax assets relating to unused tax losses or unused tax credits that are transferred to Super Retail Group Limited under the tax
                                consolidation legislation. The funding amounts are determined by reference to the amounts recognised in the wholly-owned entities’
                                financial statements.

                                The amounts receivable/payable under the tax funding agreement are due upon receipt of the funding advice from the head entity, which
                                is issued as soon as practicable after the end of each financial year. The head entity may also require payment of interim funding amounts
                                to assist with its obligations to pay tax instalments.

                                Assets or liabilities arising under tax funding agreements with the tax consolidated entities are recognised as current amounts receivable
                                from or payable to other entities in the Group. Any difference between the amounts assumed and amounts receivable or payable under
                                the tax funding agreement are recognised as a contribution to (or distribution from) wholly-owned tax consolidated entities.

                                Financial guarantees
                                Where the parent entity has provided financial guarantees in relation to loans and payables of subsidiaries for no compensation, the fair
                                values of these guarantees are accounted for as contributions and recognised as part of the cost of the investment.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                              138
                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                      138


                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                          For the period ended 28 June 2025

                          28.         Key Management Personnel disclosures
                          (a)         Key Management Personnel compensation                                                                               2025              2024
                                                                                                                                                             $                  $
                          Short-term employee benefits                                                                                               8,335,358          8,880,511
                          Long-term employee benefits                                                                                                   67,294            57,071
                          Post-employment benefits                                                                                                     295,205           235,947
                          Share-based payments                                                                                                       3,137,681          4,209,507
                                                                                                                                                    11,835,538        13,383,036
                          The key management personnel remuneration in some instances has been paid by a subsidiary.

                          Loans to key management personnel
                          There were no loans to individuals at any time.




For personal use only
                          29.         Share-based payments
                          (a)         Executive Performance Rights

                          The Company has established the Super Retail Group Employee Equity Incentive Plan (the EIP) to assist in the retention and motivation of
                          executives of the Group (Participants). It is intended that performance rights will enable the Group to retain and attract skilled and
                          experienced executives and provide them with the motivation to enhance the success of the Group.

                          Under the Long-Term Incentive (LTI) Plan, performance rights may be offered to Participants selected by the Board. Unless otherwise
                          determined by the Board, no payment is required for the grant of rights under the plan.

                          The vesting conditions are based on Board-approved measures of sustainable shareholder returns such as Normalised Earnings Per Share
                          (EPS) and Normalised Return on Capital (ROC). Historically the LTI Plan has used a combination of Normalised EPS and Normalised ROC which
                          the Board determined are appropriate measures of sustainable shareholder returns. In the context of COVID-19 and the challenges of
                          forecasting the impact on the business, the Board established a two-year Medium Term Business Plan (MTBP), with targets for Normalised
                          ROC and Normalised Net Profit Before Tax (NPBT) linked to the FY21 grant and covering LTI reward for both FY21 and FY22. Certain senior
                          team members (excluding the Executive Leadership Team) were granted performance rights during FY22 on 3 November 2021. These
                          performance rights included a target for Normalised Profit Before Tax with a 100 per cent weighting and were based on the performance of
                          FY23 at full achievement. These vest from the year of testing over two years at 50 per cent per year.

                          Performance rights granted from FY23 onwards revert to historical performance measures for testing using a combination of Normalised EPS
                          and Normalised ROC as appropriate measures of sustainable shareholder returns. These performance rights will be tested over a three-year
                          period and will vest from the year of testing over two years at 50 per cent per year.

                          The table below summarises performance rights granted under the plan.

                          Number of Performance Rights
                                                                          Balance at start          Granted during         Exercised during     Forfeited during    Balance at the
                           Grant Date                                         of the year                 the year                 the year             the year   end of the year
                           2025                                                (Number)                  (Number)                 (Number)             (Number)       (Number) (1)
                           1 November 2020                                       354,296                         -                (331,451)             (22,845)                 -
                           3 November 2021                                         73,694                        -                 (70,194)              (3,500)                 -
                           4 November 2022                                       780,690                         -                        -            (130,794)          649,896
                           6 November 2023                                       716,720                         -                        -            (141,930)          574,790
                           11 November 2024                                              -                 487,354                        -              (6,142)          481,212
                                                                               1,925,400                   487,354                (401,645)            (305,211)        1,705,898
                           2024
                           1 September 2018                                         74,243                         -                 (74,243)                  -                -
                           1 September 2019                                        286,312                         -                (286,312)                  -                -
                           1 November 2020                                         708,585                         -                (354,289)                  -          354,296
                           3 November 2021                                         172,510                         -                 (98,192)              (624)           73,694
                           4 November 2022                                         785,490                         -                        -            (4,800)          780,690
                           6 November 2023                                               -                   716,720                        -                  -          716,720
                                                                                 2,027,140                   716,720                (813,036)            (5,424)        1,925,400
                          (1) All performance rights as at the end of the year are unvested and the exercise price for all grants is nil.
                        139                                                                           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25
                              139                                                                           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25


                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                              For the period ended 28 June 2025

                              29.         Share-based payments (continued)

                              (a)         Executive Performance Rights (continued)

                              Performance rights issued under the plan may not be transferred unless approved by the Board. There were no cancellations or modifications
                              to awards during the current or prior reporting period.

                              Subject to any adjustment in the event of a bonus issue, each Performance Right is an entitlement to subscribe for one share. Upon the
                              exercise of a Performance Right by a Participant, each share issued or allocated will rank equally with other shares of the Company.

                              The weighted average remaining contractual life of performance rights outstanding as at the end of the period was 1.8 years (2024: 1.9 years).

                              Fair value of performance rights granted
                              For performance rights, the fair value at grant date is determined using a Black-Scholes option pricing model that takes into account the
                              exercise price (nil for rights), the term of the performance rights, the vesting and performance criteria, the impact of dilution, the share price
                              at grant date and expected price volatility of the underlying share, the expected dividend yield and the risk-free interest rate for the term of




For personal use only
                              the performance rights. The expected volatility reflects historical data and current expectations and is not indicative of future trends or other
                              actual outcomes. Non-market vesting conditions such as service are excluded from fair value. The fair values and model inputs for
                              performance rights granted during the period included:

                                                                                                                                                     2025 Performance Rights
                               Fair value of performance rights granted                                                                                               $10.89
                               Grant date                                                                                                                  11 November 2024
                               Expiry dates                                                                                                         11 Nov 2027, 11 Nov 2028
                               Share price at grant date                                                                                                              $14.50
                               Expected price volatility of the Group’s shares                                                                                          9.7%
                               Expected dividend yield                                                                                                                 8.21%
                               Risk-free interest rate                                                                                                                 4.15%

                              (b)         Restricted shares – Executive short-term incentive scheme

                              Under the Group’s short-term incentive (STI) scheme, Executives receive 70 per cent of their annual STI achieved in cash and 30 per cent in
                              the form of restricted shares in the Company. The restricted shares are granted in September of each year following the release of the
                              Group’s financial results by on-market purchase. Restricted shares are ordinary shares in the Company which are subject to certain time-
                              based restrictions on disposal and vesting. As the shares are ordinary shares the Executives receive dividends and each share ranks equally
                              with other shares of the Company.

                              The number of shares to be granted is determined based on the value of the achieved STI divided by the weighted average price at which the
                              Company’s shares are traded on the ASX in the five days following the release of the Group’s financial results ($17.81 for shares granted
                              during FY25 and $13.01 for shares granted in FY24) and represents the accounting fair value. The expense is recognised over the period
                              during which the Executives become unconditionally entitled to the shares.

                              The table below summarises restricted shares granted under the plan.
                                                                                                                                                    2025                   2024
                                                                                                                                      Number of shares       Number of shares
                              Balance at the beginning of the reporting period                                                                   423,372               226,075
                              Granted during the year                                                                                             89,042               348,779
                              Vested during the year(1)                                                                                        (353,603)              (151,482)
                              Balance at the end of the reporting period                                                                         158,811               423,372
                              (1) Vesting of restricted shares refers to restrictions being lifted.



                              The weighted average remaining contractual life of restricted shares outstanding as at the end of the period was 0.5 years (2024: 0.3 years).

                              (c)         Expenses arising from equity-settled share-based payments transactions
                                                                                                                                                   2025                   2024
                                                                                                                                                    $m                     $m
                              Executive performance rights                                                                                          2.7                     4.5
                              Restricted shares                                                                                                     1.1                     3.6
                                                                                                                                                    3.8                     8.1
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                  140
                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                         140


                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                          For the period ended 28 June 2025

                          29.       Share-based payments (continued)

                           Material accounting policy information
                           Share-based payments
                           Share-based compensation benefits are provided to certain employees via the Super Retail Group Employee Equity Incentive Plan.

                           The fair value of performance rights granted under the plan are recognised as an employee benefit expense with a corresponding increase
                           in equity. The fair value is measured at grant date and recognised over the period during which the employees become unconditionally
                           entitled to the performance rights.

                           The fair value of the performance rights granted excludes the impact of any non-market vesting conditions (for example, profitability and
                           sales growth targets). Non-market vesting conditions are included in assumptions about the number of performance rights that are
                           expected to become exercisable. At each balance sheet date, the Group revises its estimate of the number of performance rights that are
                           expected to become exercisable. The employee benefit expense recognised each period takes into account the most recent estimate.

                           Upon exercise of the performance rights, the balance of the share-based payments reserve relating to those performance rights remains




For personal use only
                           in the share-based payments reserve.



                          30.       Remuneration of auditors

                          Ernst & Young (Australia) was appointed as the auditor of Super Retail Group Limited from March 2024. The following fees were paid or
                          payable for services by Ernst & Young (Australia) since their appointment.
                                                                                                                                    2025                  2024
                                                                                                                                         $                    $
                          Fees to Ernst & Young (Australia)
                          Category 1 – Fees for auditing the statutory financial report of the parent covering the Group
                          and auditing the statutory financial reports of any controlled entities                                           923,000         703,480
                          Category 2 – Fees for assurance services that are required by legislation to be provided by the
                          auditor                                                                                                                   -                  -
                          Category 3 – Fees for other assurance services under other legislation or contractual
                          arrangements where there is discretion on service provider                                                        167,336         158,120
                          Category 4 – Fees for other services
                                Tax compliance                                                                                                      -                  -
                                Other non-audit services                                                                                     94,300           83,050
                          Total remuneration for other services                                                                              94,300           83,050
                          Total auditors’ remuneration(1)                                                                                   1,184,636       944,650
                          (1) The fees in relation to the FY24 period have been restated to reflect the total fees paid in relation to that period.



                          Preceding the appointment of Ernst & Young (Australia), PricewaterhouseCoopers Australia was the Group’s auditor. The following fees were
                          paid or payable for services provided by PricewaterhouseCoopers Australia during their appointment as the Group’s auditor in the prior
                          financial year.
                                                                                                                                        2025                   2024
                                                                                                                                            $                     $
                          Fees to PricewaterhouseCoopers Australia
                          Category 1 – Fees for auditing the statutory financial report of the parent covering the Group
                          and auditing the statutory financial reports of any controlled entities                                           -               207,489
                          Category 4 – Fees for other services
                                Tax compliance                                                                                                      -       163,302
                                Other non-audit services                                                                                            -       164,681
                          Total remuneration for other services                                                                                     -       327,983
                          Total remuneration of PricewaterhouseCoopers Australia                                                                    -       535,472
                          Fees to network firms of PricewaterhouseCoopers Australia
                          Category 4 – Fees for other services
                                Tax compliance                                                                                                      -         16,750
                          Total remuneration of network firms of PricewaterhouseCoopers Australia                                                   -         16,750
                          Total auditors’ remuneration                                                                                              -       552,222
                        141                                                                           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25
                              141                                                                           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25


                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
                              For the period ended 28 June 2025

                              31.       Contingencies
                                                                                                                                                   2025                  2024
                                                                                                                                                     $m                    $m
                              Guarantees
                              Guarantees issued by the bankers of the Group in support of various rental
                              and inventory arrangements.
                              The maximum future rental payments guaranteed amount to:                                                               3.6                   3.7
                              The maximum future inventory payments guaranteed amount to:                                                            4.1                   1.9

                              Other Contingencies

                              From time to time the Group is subject to legal claims as a result of its operations. A contingent liability may exist for any exposure over and
                              above current provisioning levels.




For personal use only
                              32.       Commitments

                              Commitments payable for the acquisition of plant and equipment and computer software, contracted for at the reporting date but not
                              recognised as liabilities payable, total $27.2 million as at 28 June 2025 (2024: $42.9 million).

                              The Group leases various offices, warehouses and retail stores under non-cancellable operating leases. These leases have varying terms,
                              escalation clauses and renewal rights. The Group has recognised right-of-use assets for these leases, except for short-term and low-value
                              leases. Refer Note 12 - Leases for details of Property right-of-use assets and Note 22 - Financial risk management for details of the contractual
                              maturities of the lease liabilities.


                              33.       Net tangible asset backing
                                                                                                                                                   2025                  2024
                                                                                                                                                  Cents                  Cents
                              Net tangible asset per ordinary share                                                                               $2.47                  $2.67

                              Net tangible asset per ordinary share (NTA) is calculated based on Net Assets of $1,321.4 million (2024: $1,373.2 million) less intangible assets
                              of $838.2 million (2024: $846.4 million) adjusted for the associated deferred tax liability of $75.3 million (2024: $75.3 million). The number
                              of shares used in the calculation was 225,826,500 (2024: 225,826,500).

                              The NTA calculation includes the right-of-use assets in respect of property, plant and equipment leases of $1,109.8 million (2024: $986.6
                              million), and the lease liabilities recognised under AASB 16 Leases of $1,235.8 million (2024: $1,103.4 million). If the right-of-use assets and
                              associated deferred tax liability were excluded from the calculation, the NTA would have been negative $0.98 per ordinary share (2024:
                              negative $0.40).


                              34.       Events occurring after balance date

                              There were no material events subsequent to 28 June 2025 and up to authorisation of the financial statements for issue, requiring a disclosure
                              in this Annual Report, other than those that have been disclosed elsewhere in this report.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                          142
                           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                     142


                           CONSOLIDATED ENTITY DISCLOSURE STATEMENT
                           For the period ended 28 June 2025

                                                                                                                                             Tax residency
                                                                Body corporate,                                     % of share
                                                                 partnership or     Principal        Country of      capital     Australian or         Foreign
                        Name of entity                               trust          activities     incorporation       held        foreign           jurisdiction
                                                                     Body
                         Super Retail Group Limited                               Parent entity      Australia         n/a       Australian(3)           n/a
                                                                   corporate
                                                                     Body
                         A-Mart All Sports Pty Ltd(1)                               Dormant          Australia         100       Australian(3)           n/a
                                                                   corporate
                                                                     Body
                         Auto Trade Direct (NZ) Limited                             Dormant        New Zealand         100         Foreign          New Zealand
                                                                   corporate
                                                                     Body
                         Auto Trade Direct Pty Ltd(1)                               Dormant          Australia         100       Australian(3)           n/a
                                                                   corporate
                                                                     Body
                         BCF New Zealand Limited                                    Dormant        New Zealand         100         Foreign          New Zealand
                                                                   corporate
                                                                     Body




For personal use only
                                                                  corporate –
                                                                 trustee of the
                         Coyote Retail Pty Limited(1)                                Trustee         Australia         100       Australian(3)           n/a
                                                                    Rowe &
                                                                  Jarman Unit
                                                                     Trust
                                                                     Body            Holding
                         Foghorn Holdings Pty Ltd(1)                                                 Australia         100       Australian(3)           n/a
                                                                   corporate        company
                                                                     Body
                         Goldcross Cycles Pty Ltd(1)                                Dormant          Australia         100       Australian(3)           n/a
                                                                   corporate
                                                                     Body
                         Infinite Retail Pty Ltd(1)                                 Dormant          Australia         100       Australian(3)           n/a
                                                                   corporate
                                                                     Body
                         Macpac Enterprises Limited                                 Dormant        New Zealand         100         Foreign          New Zealand
                                                                   corporate
                                                                     Body            Holding
                         Macpac Group Holdings Pty Limited(1)                                      New Zealand(4)      100       Australian(3)           n/a
                                                                   corporate        company
                                                                     Body            Holding
                         Macpac Holdings Pty Ltd(1)                                                  Australia         100       Australian(3)           n/a
                                                                   corporate        company
                                                                     Body
                         Macpac Limited                                             Dormant        New Zealand         100         Foreign          New Zealand
                                                                   corporate
                                                                     Body
                         Macpac New Zealand Limited                               Outdoor retail   New Zealand         100         Foreign          New Zealand
                                                                   corporate
                                                                     Body
                         Macpac Retail Pty Ltd(1)                                 Outdoor retail     Australia         100       Australian(3)           n/a
                                                                   corporate
                                                                     Body            Holding
                         MP Finco Pty Limited(1)                                                   New Zealand(4)      100       Australian(3)           n/a
                                                                   corporate        company
                                                                     Body
                         Mouton Noir IP Limited                                     Dormant        New Zealand         100         Foreign          New Zealand
                                                                   corporate
                                                                     Body
                         Mouton Noir Management Pty Ltd(1)                          Dormant          Australia         100       Australian(3)           n/a
                                                                   corporate
                                                                     Body
                         Oceania Bicycles Pty Ltd(1)                                Dormant          Australia         100       Australian(3)           n/a
                                                                   corporate
                                                                     Body
                         Oceania Bicycles Limited(2)                                Dormant        New Zealand         100         Foreign          New Zealand
                                                                   corporate
                                                                     Body
                         Ray’s Outdoors New Zealand Limited                         Dormant        New Zealand         100         Foreign          New Zealand
                                                                   corporate
                                                                     Body
                         Ray’s Outdoors Pty Ltd(1)                                Outdoor retail     Australia         100       Australian(3)           n/a
                                                                   corporate
                                                                     Body
                         Rebelsport.com Pty Limited(1)                              Dormant          Australia         100       Australian(3)           n/a
                                                                   corporate
                                                                     Body            Holding
                         Rebel Group Limited(1)                                                      Australia         100       Australian(3)           n/a
                                                                   corporate        company
                         Rebel Management Services Pty               Body
                                                                                    Dormant          Australia         100       Australian(3)           n/a
                         Limited(1)                                corporate
                                                                     Body
                         Rebel Pty Ltd(1)                                           Dormant          Australia         100       Australian(3)           n/a
                                                                   corporate
                        143                                                                                     SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25
                              143                                                                                    SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25


                              CONSOLIDATED ENTITY DISCLOSURE STATEMENT (continued)
                              For the period ended 28 June 2025

                                                                                                                                                                         Tax residency
                                                                            Body corporate,                                                  % of share
                                                                             partnership or          Principal            Country of          capital         Australian or        Foreign
                          Name of entity                                         trust               activities         incorporation           held            foreign          jurisdiction
                                                                                  Body
                          Rebel Sport Limited(1)                                                   Sports retail           Australia             100           Australian(3)         n/a
                                                                                corporate
                                                                                  Body
                          Rebel Wholesale Pty Limited(1)                                             Dormant               Australia             100           Australian(3)         n/a
                                                                                corporate
                          Rowe & Jarman Unit Trust                                Trust                 Trust              Australia             100           Australian(3)         n/a
                                                                                  Body
                          SRG Equity Plan Pty Ltd(1)                                               Investments             Australia             100           Australian(3)         n/a
                                                                                corporate
                                                                                  Body
                          SRG Leisure Retail Pty Ltd(1)                                           Outdoor retail           Australia             100           Australian(3)         n/a
                                                                                corporate
                                                                                  Body
                          SRGS (New Zealand) Limited                                                 Dormant             New Zealand             100             Foreign         New Zealand
                                                                                corporate




For personal use only
                                                                                                      Product
                                                                                  Body
                          SRGS Pty Ltd(1)                                                         acquisition and          Australia             100           Australian(3)         n/a
                                                                                corporate
                                                                                                    distribution
                          Super Cheap Auto (New Zealand) Pty                      Body
                                                                                                    Auto retail          New Zealand             100             Foreign         New Zealand
                          Limited                                               corporate
                                                                                  Body
                          Super Cheap Auto Pty Ltd(1)                                               Auto retail            Australia             100           Australian(3)         n/a
                                                                                corporate
                                                                                  Body
                          Super Retail Commercial Pty Ltd(1)                                        Auto retail            Australia             100           Australian(3)         n/a
                                                                                corporate
                          Super Retail Group Services (New                        Body
                                                                                                     Dormant             New Zealand             100             Foreign         New Zealand
                          Zealand) Limited                                      corporate
                                                                                  Body                Support
                          Super Retail Group Services Pty Ltd(1)                                                           Australia             100           Australian(3)         n/a
                                                                                corporate             services
                                                                                  Body                Product
                          SRG Trading (Shanghai) Limited                                                                     China               100             Foreign            China
                                                                                corporate             sourcing
                                                                                  Body
                          Workout World Pty Limited(1)                                               Dormant               Australia             100           Australian(3)         n/a
                                                                                corporate
                        (1) These controlled entities have been granted relief from the requirement to prepare financial reports in accordance with ASIC Corporations (Wholly-owned

                          Companies) Instrument 2016/785 issued by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission.
                        (2) Investment is held directly by Oceania Bicycles Pty Ltd.
                        (3) This entity is part of a tax-consolidated group under Australian taxation law, for which Super Retail Group Limited is the head entity.
                        (4) Macpac Group Holdings Pty Limited and MP Finco Pty Limited were incorporated in New Zealand but redomiciled to Australia on 20 January 2020 and 1 July 2019

                          respectively.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                 144
                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                           144


                          DIRECTORS’ DECLARATION

                          In the Directors’ opinion:
                          (a)     the financial statements and notes set out on pages 90 to 141 are in accordance with the Corporations Act, including:
                                  (i)     complying with Accounting Standards, the Corporations Regulations 2001 and other mandatory professional reporting
                                          requirements; and
                                  (ii)    giving a true and fair view of the consolidated entity's financial position as at 28 June 2025 and of its performance for the
                                          financial year ended on that date; and
                          (b)     there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they become due and payable;
                                  and
                          (c)     at the date of this declaration, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the members of the Extended Closed Group identified in
                                  Note 26 will be able to meet any obligations or liabilities to which they are, or may become, subject by virtue of the deed of cross
                                  guarantee described in Note 26; and
                          (d)     the consolidated entity disclosure statement required by section 295(3A) of the Corporations Act as set out on pages 142 to 143 is
                                  true and correct.

                          Note 2(a) confirms that the financial statements also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International
                          Accounting Standards Board.




For personal use only
                          The Directors have been given the declarations by the Group Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer
                          required by section 295A of the Corporations Act.

                          This declaration is made in accordance with a resolution of the Directors.




                          Judith Swales                                                         Anthony Heraghty
                          Chair                                                                 Group Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer


                          Brisbane
                          21 August 2025
                        145                                                                       SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25




                                                                          Ernst & Young                         Tel: +61 2 9248 5555
                                                                          200 George Street                     Fax: +61 2 9248 5959
                                                                          Sydney NSW 2000 Australia             ey.com/au
                                                                          GPO Box 2646 Sydney NSW 2001




                              Independent auditor’s report to the members of Super Retail Group Limited

                              Report on the audit of the financial report
                              Opinion
                              We have audited the financial report of Super Retail Group Limited (the Company) and its subsidiaries




For personal use only
                              (collectively the Group), which comprises the consolidated balance sheet as at 28 June 2025, the
                              consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and
                              consolidated statement of cash flows for the 52 week period then ended, notes to the financial
                              statements, including material accounting policy information, the consolidated entity disclosure
                              statement and the directors’ declaration.

                              In our opinion, the accompanying financial report of the Group is in accordance with the Corporations
                              Act 2001, including:

                              a.    Giving a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 28 June 2025
                                    and of its consolidated financial performance for the 52 week period ended on that date; and

                              b.    Complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.

                              Basis for opinion
                              We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under
                              those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial report
                              section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor independence
                              requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional
                              and Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including
                              Independence Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of the financial report in Australia.
                              We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.

                              We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for
                              our opinion.

                              Key audit matters
                              Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our
                              audit of the financial report of the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of our
                              audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, but we do not provide a
                              separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed
                              the matter is provided in that context.

                              We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the
                              financial report section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit
                              included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material
                              misstatement of the financial report. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures
                              performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying
                              financial report.




                              A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                              Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                146




                            Inventory Valuation
                             Why significant                                                     How our audit addressed the key audit matter

                             At 28 June 2025, the Group’s consolidated balance sheet             Our audit procedures included the following:
                             includes inventories with a carrying value of $886.8 million,
                             representing 27% of total assets.
                                                                                                      ► Assessed the operating effectiveness of relevant
                                                                                                              controls in relation to the inventory costing
                             As disclosed in Note 9 to the financial report, inventories are                  process.
                             valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value. There is
                                                                                                      ► Assessed the accuracy of the Group’s inventory




For personal use only
                             judgement involved in determining the cost of inventories and
                             in assessing net realisable value. Such judgements include the                   valuation methodology.
                             expectations of estimated selling price and the estimated                ► Assessed           whether     the    Group’s    costing
                             costs necessary to make the sale.                                                methodologies, specifically in relation to vendor
                             The cost of inventories includes elements relating to vendor                     rebates, supply chain variable and fixed overhead
                             rebates, supply chain variable and fixed overhead                                expenditure, are consistent with the requirements
                             expenditure. Judgements are involved in the process of                           of Australian Accounting Standards.
                             allocating these costs to inventories. Inventory valuation is a          ► Assessed the basis by which the Group recorded
                             key audit matter due to the value of the inventory balance                       inventory at the lower of cost and net realisable
                             relative to total assets and the various judgements required                     value including the estimated costs to sell.
                             in determining its valuation.
                                                                                                      ► Assessed the adequacy and appropriateness of the
                                                                                                              disclosures included in Note 9 to the financial
                                                                                                              report.



                            Recoverability of Macpac Cash Generating Unit
                             Why significant                                                     How our audit addressed the key audit matter

                             At 28 June 2025, the Group’s consolidated balance sheet             Our audit procedures included the following:
                             includes goodwill allocated to the Macpac cash generating
                                                                                                      ► Assessed the Group’s determination of the cash
                             unit with a carrying value of $79.6 million, representing 15%
                                                                                                              generating unit used in the impairment model,
                             of total goodwill.
                                                                                                              based on our understanding of the nature of the
                             The Group has tested the goodwill allocated to the Macpac                        Group’s business and the economic environment in
                             cash generating unit for impairment. As disclosed in Note                        which they operate.
                             11(b) to the financial report, the assessment of the
                             recoverable amount of the Macpac cash generating unit                    ► Assessed the Macpac cash flow forecasts,
                             incorporated significant assumptions, based upon conditions                      assumptions and estimates as disclosed in Note 11
                             existing as at 28 June 2025, specifically concerning factors                     (b), by assessing the reliability of the Group’s
                             such as sales growth rates, discount rate and terminal growth                    historical cash flow forecasts, our understanding of
                             rates.                                                                           the business and corroborating data with external
                                                                                                              information where possible.
                             The estimates and assumptions relate to the sustainability of
                             future performance, market and economic conditions.                      ► Evaluated the appropriateness of discount rate,
                             Significant assumptions used in the impairment testing                           sales growth rates and terminal growth rates
                             referred to above are inherently subjective.                                     applied on the Macpac model with involvement from
                                                                                                              our valuation specialists.
                             While no impairment has been recognised, the Group has
                             assessed that a reasonably possible change in key                        ► Tested the mathematical accuracy of the Macpac
                             assumptions would result in an impairment. Accordingly, the                      impairment testing model including the consistency
                             recoverability of the Macpac cash generating unit and the                        of relevant data with latest Board approved
                             related disclosures in the financial report are considered to be                 forecasts as well as assessing historical accuracy.
                             a key audit matter.
                                                                                                      ► Performed sensitivity analysis on key assumptions
                                                                                                              including discount rate, terminal growth rates and
                                                                                                              sales growth forecasts for the Macpac cash
                                                                                                              generating unit.
                                                                                                      ► Assessed the adequacy and appropriateness of the
                                                                                                              disclosures included in Note 11 to the financial
                                                                                                              report.




                            A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                            Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                        147                                                                       SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25




                              Information other than the financial report and auditor’s report thereon
                              The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
                              information included in the Company’s 2025 annual report but does not include the financial report and
                              our auditor’s report thereon.




For personal use only
                              Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and accordingly we do not
                              express any form of assurance conclusion thereon, with the exception of the Remuneration Report and
                              our related assurance opinion.

                              In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information
                              and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial
                              report or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

                              If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
                              other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.



                              Responsibilities of the directors for the financial report
                              The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of:

                              ►     The financial report (other than the consolidated entity disclosure statement) that gives a true and
                                    fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001; and

                              ►     The consolidated entity disclosure statement that is true and correct in accordance with the
                                    Corporations Act 2001; and

                              for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of:

                              ►     The financial report (other than the consolidated entity disclosure statement) that gives a true and
                                    fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; and

                              ►     The consolidated entity disclosure statement that is true and correct and is free of misstatement,
                                    whether due to fraud or error.

                              In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
                              continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters relating to going concern and using the
                              going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
                              operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

                              Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial report
                              Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is free
                              from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes
                              our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit
                              conducted in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material
                              misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material
                              if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
                              decisions of users taken on the basis of this financial report.

                              A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                              Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                     148




                           As part of an audit in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards, we exercise professional
                           judgment and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

                           ►     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial report, whether due to fraud
                                 or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence
                                 that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a
                                 material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud
                                 may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of




For personal use only
                                 internal control.

                           ►     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
                                 that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
                                 effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

                           ►     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
                                 estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.

                           ►     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
                                 and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events
                                 or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.
                                 If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s
                                 report to the related disclosures in the financial report or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to
                                 modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
                                 auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue
                                 as a going concern.

                           ►     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial report, including the
                                 disclosures, and whether the financial report represents the underlying transactions and events in
                                 a manner that achieves fair presentation.

                           ►     Plan and perform the Group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the
                                 financial information of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an
                                 opinion on the Group financial report. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review
                                 of the audit work performed for the purposes of the Group audit. We remain solely responsible for
                                 our audit opinion.

                           We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
                           the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we
                           identify during our audit.

                           We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
                           regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
                           reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate
                           threats or safeguards applied.

                           From the matters communicated to the directors, we determine those matters that were of most
                           significance in the audit of the financial report of the current year and are therefore the key audit
                           matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
                           disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter
                           should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
                           reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

                           A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                           Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                        149                                                                      SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25




                              Report on the audit of the Remuneration Report
                              Opinion on the Remuneration Report
                              We have audited the Remuneration Report included in the directors’ report for the 52 week period ended
                              28 June 2025.

                              In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of Super Retail Group Limited for the 52 week period ended




For personal use only
                              28 June 2025, complies with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.

                              Responsibilities
                              The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the Remuneration
                              Report in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our responsibility is to express
                              an opinion on the Remuneration Report, based on our audit conducted in accordance with Australian
                              Auditing Standards.




                              Ernst & Young




                              Lisa Nijssen-Smith
                              Partner
                              Sydney
                              21 August 2025




                              A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                              Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                 150
                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                             150


                          SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
                          For the period ended 28 June 2025

                          The information set out in this section is current as at 15 August 2025.
                          Securities exchange listing
                          The ordinary shares of the Company are listed on the Australian Securities Exchange under the ASX code SUL.
                          Shares on issue
                          The Company has 225,826,500 fully paid ordinary shares on issue, held by 24,200 shareholders.
                          Distribution of shareholders
                          The following table shows the distribution of the Company's shareholders by size of shareholding and number of shareholders and shares.

                                                                                                              Ordinary shares
                           Holding                                             Number of shareholders             Number of shares           % of shares on issue
                           1 - 1,000                                                            15,029                    5,316,181                            2.35
                           1,001 - 5,000                                                              7,517               17,462,897                          7.73




For personal use only
                           5,001 - 10,000                                                             1,077                7,732,893                          3.43
                           10,001 - 100,000                                                            533                11,070,511                          4.90
                           100,001 and over                                                             44               184,244,018                         81.59
                           Total                                                                     24,200              225,826,500                        100.00

                          There are 666 shareholders (representing 4,642 ordinary shares) holding less than a marketable parcel of shares.
                          20 largest holders
                          Details of the 20 largest holders of ordinary shares in the Company are as follows:
                                                                                                                          Number of ordinary        % of ordinary
                           Registered holder
                                                                                                                                      shares               shares
                           1         SCA FT PTY LTD <THE ROWE FAMILY A/C>                                                        61,490,627                 27.23
                           2         HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                   54,873,027                 24.30
                           3         J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                                                   22,138,448                  9.80
                           4         CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                               22,112,736                  9.79
                           5         RE-GROW FUTURES PTY LTD                                                                      3,787,379                  1.68
                           6         BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD                                                                     3,652,391                  1.62
                           7         BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <AGENCY LENDING A/C>                                            2,320,417                  1.03
                           8         NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED                                                                    1,829,967                  0.81
                           9         PACIFIC CUSTODIANS PTY LIMITED SUL PLANS CTRL                                                1,103,198                  0.49
                           10        NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <WRAP SERVICES A/C>                                            1,081,854                  0.48
                           11        SANTOS L HELPER PTY LTD <THE VAN PAASSEN FAMILY A/C>                                           900,000                  0.40
                           12        MS TRACEY LEANNE ROWE                                                                          800,479                  0.35
                           13        MS TANYA JOEANN SOUTHAM                                                                        648,346                  0.29
                           14        MS JODI MARIA THOMAS                                                                           625,298                  0.28
                           15        SCCASP HOLDINGS PTY LTD <H & R SUPER FUND A/C>                                                 612,425                  0.27
                           16        MS JANENE JULIE YOUNG                                                                          611,876                  0.27
                           17        MR KENNETH JOSEPH HALL <HALL PARK A/C>                                                         587,143                  0.26
                           18        BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <HUB24 CUSTODIAL SERV LTD>                                        443,389                  0.19
                           19        PACIFIC CUSTODIANS PTY LIMITED SCA MSP EXEMPT TST                                              436,980                  0.19
                           20        HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                      367,876                  0.16
                                                                                                              Total            180,423,856                  79.89
                                                                                                 Balance of register             45,402,644                 20.11
                                                                                                       Grand total             225,826,500                 100.00
                        151                                                                           SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25
                              151                                                                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25


                              SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION (continued)
                              For the period ended 28 June 2025
                              Substantial shareholders
                              The number of voting shares held by substantial shareholders and their associates, as disclosed in substantial holding notices given to the
                              Company in accordance with the Corporations Act, is set out below:
                                                                                           Number of ordinary shares        % of ordinary shares
                                  Name                                                                     in notice                   in notice     Date notices received
                                  SCA FT Pty Ltd, SCCASP Holdings Pty Ltd, Re-Grow                       68,606,165                       30.380       24 November 2023
                                  Futures Pty Ltd, Re-Grow Equities Pty Ltd, TLAR Pty
                                  Ltd, Reginald Allen Rowe, Mark John O’Hare in his
                                  capacity as attorney for certain corporate registered
                                  holders of shares and each of Jodi Maria Thomas,
                                  Tanya Joeann Southam, Janene Julie Young and
                                  Tracey Leanne Rowe*.
                              *On 8 October 2024, a notice of ceasing to be a substantial holder for Mark John O’Hare in his former capacity as attorney for certain
                              corporate registered holders of shares was lodged with the ASX, indicating that Mr O’Hare had ceased to hold corporate power of attorney
                              over 65,920,166 Ordinary Shares for each of the following corporate registered holders of shares - SCA FT Pty Ltd, SCCASP Holdings Pty Ltd,
                              Re-Grow Futures Pty Ltd and TLAR Pty Ltd.




For personal use only
                              Unquoted securities
                              There are 1,705,898 unlisted performance rights on issue under the Company's employee incentive plans, held by 58 holders.
                              Distribution of holders of performance rights
                              The following table shows the distribution of the Company's holders of performance rights and number of holders and performance rights.

                                                                                                                  Performance rights
                                                                                                                       Number of performance          % of performance
                                  Holding                                                 Number of holders                             rights           rights on issue
                                  1 - 1,000                                                                   -                                  -                         -
                                  1,001 - 5,000                                                             17                           54,160                      3.17
                                  5,001 - 10,000                                                            11                           78,446                      4.60
                                  10,001 - 100,000                                                          25                          675,168                     39.58
                                  100,001 and over                                                            5                         898,124                     52.65
                                  Total                                                                     58                         1,705,898                   100.00

                              Voting rights
                              At general meetings of the Company, each member holding ordinary shares may vote in person or by proxy, attorney or (if the member is a
                              body corporate) corporate representative. The voting rights attached to ordinary shares are as follows:
                              -       on a show of hands, every person present who is a member or a proxy, attorney or corporate representative of a member has one vote;
                              -       on a poll, every member present in person or by proxy, attorney or corporate representative has one vote for each fully paid ordinary
                                      share held by the member; and
                              -       every member who duly lodges a valid direct vote in respect of a resolution has one vote for each fully paid ordinary share held by the
                                      member.
                              Performance rights do not carry any voting rights.
                              On-market share acquisitions
                              During FY25, 496,975 ordinary shares in the Company were purchased on-market at an average price of $17.08 per share for the purposes of
                              the Company's employee incentive plans.
                              On-market buy back
                              There is no current on-market buy-back of the Company’s shares.
                              Restricted and escrowed securities
                              The Company does not have any restricted securities (as defined in the ASX Listing Rules) or securities subject to voluntary escrow on issue.
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                                152
                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                                          152


                          SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION (continued)
                          For the period ended 28 June 2025
                          Shareholder calendar(1)
                           Event                                                                          Date
                           Full-year results announcement                                                 21 August 2025
                           Ex-dividend date for final dividend                                            8 September 2025
                           Record date for final dividend                                                 9 September 2025
                           DRP election date for final dividend                                           10 September 2025
                           Payment date for final dividend                                                16 October 2025
                           Annual General Meeting                                                         23 October 2025
                           Interim results announcement                                                   26 February 2026
                           Ex-dividend date for interim dividend                                          12 March 2026
                           Record date for interim dividend                                               13 March 2026




For personal use only
                           Payment date for interim dividend                                              3 April 2026
                          (1) Dates are subject to change. Changes will be notified to the ASX as required.

                          2025 Annual General Meeting
                          The Company's 2025 AGM will be held at 10.00am (AEST) on Thursday, 23 October 2025. Details of the meeting will be sent to shareholders
                          separately.
                          Dividend details
                          The Company generally pays a dividend on its fully paid ordinary shares twice a year following the interim and final results announcements.
                          The proposed dividend dates for FY26 are in the calendar above.
                          The Company's Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP) remains active for the FY25 final dividend. The DRP is optional and offers eligible
                          shareholders the opportunity to acquire fully paid ordinary shares in the Company rather than receiving dividends in cash. A shareholder can
                          elect to participate in or terminate their involvement in the DRP at any time. The DRP will be suspended from FY26.
                          Shareholder enquiries
                          Shareholders who wish to enquire about their shareholding in the Company may contact the Company’s share registry at:
                          MUFG Corporate Markets (AU) Limited (formerly Link Market Services)
                          Locked Bag A14
                          Sydney South NSW 1235 Australia
                          Telephone: 1800 170 502 (within Australia)
                                       +61 1800 170 502 (outside Australia)
                          Facsimile:   +61 2 9287 0303
                          Email:       sul@cm.mpms.mufg.com
                          Website:     https://au.investorcentre.mpms.mufg.com
                          Shareholders can access their current holding details as well as their transaction history, view dividend statements and payments made,
                          download statements and documents, change their address, update their communication preferences and banking details, and check their
                          tax details online via portfolio login on MUFG Corporate Markets (AU) Limited’s Investor Centre at https://au.investorcentre.mpms.mufg.com
                        153                                                          SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25




                        Glossary

                        $                                       car parc                               EV
                        Australian dollars, unless indicated    the number of registered vehicles      electric vehicle
                        otherwise
                                                                CFO                                    Executive KMP
                        AASB                                    Chief Financial Officer                Key Management Personnel of the
                        Australian Accounting Standards                                                Company other than Non-Executive
                                                                CGU




For personal use only
                        Board                                                                          Directors
                                                                cash-generating unit
                        ABN                                                                            FBT
                        Australian Business Number              CODB                                   Fringe Benefits Tax
                                                                cost of doing business
                        AFL                                                                            FIFA
                        Australian Football League              Committee or Board Committee           Fédération Internationale de Football
                                                                a committee of the Board               Association
                        AGM
                        Annual General Meeting                  Company or Super Retail Group          FVOCI
                                                                Super Retail Group Limited             fair value through other
                        AI                                      ABN 81 108 676 204                     comprehensive income
                        artificial intelligence
                                                                Corporations Act                       FY24
                        Annual Report                           Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)            the financial year ended 29 June 2024,
                        the Company’s FY25 Annual Report                                               being the 52-week period from 2 July
                                                                Directors                              2023 to 29 June 2024 (and inclusive of
                        ASIC                                    the directors of the Company           those two dates)
                        Australian Securities and Investments
                                                                DRP                                    FY25
                        Commission
                                                                Dividend Reinvestment Plan             the financial year ended 28 June
                        ASRS                                                                           2025, being the 52-week period from
                                                                EA                                     30 June 2024 to 28 June 2025 (and
                        Australian Sustainability Reporting
                                                                Enterprise Agreement                   inclusive of those two dates)
                        Standards
                                                                EAP                                    FY26
                        ASX
                                                                employee assistance program            the financial year ending 27 June
                        Australian Securities Exchange or ASX
                                                                                                       2026, being the 52-week period from
                        Limited ABN 98 008 624 691 and the      EBIT                                   29 June 2025 to 27 June 2026 (and
                        market operated by ASX Limited          earnings before interest and taxes     inclusive of those two dates)
                        BAC                                     EBITDA                                 GPG
                        Board Audit Committee                   earnings before interest, taxes,       gender pay gap
                                                                depreciation, and amortisation
                        BHRRC                                                                          Group
                        Board Human Resources and               EIP                                    the Company and its consolidated
                        Remuneration Committee                  the Super Retail Group Employee        subsidiaries
                                                                Equity Incentive Plan
                        Board                                                                          Group MD and CEO
                        the Board of Directors of the Company   ELT                                    Group Managing Director and Chief
                                                                Executive Leadership Team              Executive Officer
                        bps
                        basis points                            EPS                                    GST
                                                                earnings per share                     goods and services tax
                        BRSC
                        Board Risk and Sustainability           ESG                                    HVAC
                        Committee                               Environmental, Social and Governance   heating, ventilation, air-conditioning
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25                                                                  154




                         ICE                                       NPBT                                 Scope 3 emissions
                         internal combustion engine                net profit before tax                GHG Protocol Corporate Standard
                                                                                                        defines Scope 3 emissions. Scope 3
                         IFRS                                      NPS                                  emissions are all indirect emissions
                         International Financial Reporting         Net Promoter Score                   (not included in scope 2) that occur
                         Standards                                                                      in the value chain of the reporting
                                                                   NRL and NRLW




For personal use only
                                                                                                        company, including both upstream
                         IT                                        National Rugby League and National   and downstream emissions
                         Information Technology                    Women’s Rugby League
                                                                                                        SLT
                         KMP                                       OECD BEPS                            Senior Leadership Team
                         Key Management Personnel                  Organization for Economic Co-
                                                                   operation and Development base       sqm
                         KPI                                                                            square metre
                         Key Performance Indicator                 erosion and profit shifting

                                                                   PBT                                  STI
                         LED                                                                            Short-Term Incentive
                         light emitting diode                      profit before tax
                                                                                                        STI scheme
                         LPG                                       RAP
                                                                                                        the Company’s Short-Term Incentive
                         liquified petroleum gas                   reconciliation action plan
                                                                                                        scheme, as described in Section 6 of
                         LTI                                       RBA                                  the Remuneration Report
                         Long-Term Incentive                       Reserve Bank of Australia            SUV
                                                                                                        sports utility vehicle
                         LTI plan                                  RCMF
                         the Company’s Long-Term Incentive         Risk and Compliance Management       SWOT
                         plan, as described in Section 6 of the    Framework                            Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities,
                         Remuneration Report                                                            and Threats
                                                                   rCX
                         MTBP                                      rebel Customer Experience            TRIFR
                         Medium-Term Business Plan                                                      Total Recordable Injury Frequency
                                                                   ROC                                  Rate
                         MWh                                       return on capital
                         megawatt hour                                                                  VIU
                                                                   SCA                                  value-in-use
                         MWp                                       Supercheap Auto
                         megawatt peak                                                                  WGEA
                                                                   Scope 1 and 2 emissions              Workplace Gender Equality Agency
                         NCI
                                                                   GHG Protocol Corporate Standard
                         non-controlling interest
                                                                   classifies a company’s Greenhouse
                         Non-IFRS                                  Gas emissions into ‘scopes’
                         Non-IFRS information refers to
                         financial information that is presented   Scope 1 emissions are direct
                         other than in accordance with all         emissions from owned or controlled
                         relevant accounting standards.            sources.
                         Non-IFRS financial information is not     Scope 2 emissions are indirect
                         subject to audit or review, and should    emissions from the generation of
                         be considered in addition to IFRS         purchased energy
                         financial information.
                                                                   Scope 3 Category
                         NPAT                                      One of the 15 types of Scope 3
                         net profit after tax                      emissions
                        155                         SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25




                              Corporate
                              directory
                              SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED
                              ABN 81 108 676 204




For personal use only
                              www.superretailgroup.com.au

                              Registered Office
                              6 Coulthards Avenue
                              STRATHPINE QLD 4500 Australia
                              Telephone:     +61 7 3482 7900
                              Facsimile:     +61 7 3205 8522

                              Company Secretary
                              Anna Sandham

                              Share Registry
                              MUFG Corporate Markets (AU) Limited (formerly Link
                              Market Services)
                              Level 21, 10 Eagle Street
                              BRISBANE QLD 4000 Australia
                              Mail to:
                              Locked Bag A14
                              SYDNEY SOUTH NSW 1235 Australia

                              Telephone:    1800 170 502 (within Australia)		
                                            +61 1800 170 502 (outside Australia)
                              Facsimile:    +61 2 9287 0303
                              Email:        sul@cm.mpms.mufg.com
                              https://au.investorcentre.mpms.mufg.com

                              Auditors
                              EY
                        SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25   156




                        Notes




For personal use only
                        157   SUPER RETAIL GROUP LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT FY25




For personal use only
For personal use only
For personal use only




                        www.superretailgroup.com.au
