2026
INTERIM REPORT
CONTENTS

2    Corporate Information
4    Financial Highlights
5    Chairman’s Statement
7    Management Discussion and Analysis
24   Review Report
25   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
26   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
28   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
29   Condensed Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
30   Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
42   Other Information
    CORPORATE INFORMATION


    DIRECTORS                                                 NOMINATION COMMITTEE (THE
                                                              “NOMINATION COMMITTEE”)
    Executive Directors
                                                              Dr. Li Shu Wing David (Chairman)
    Mr. Li Zhijiang (Chairman of the Board of Directors and   Mr. Kong Chi Mo
      Chief Executive Officer)                                Ms. Zhang Bin
    Ms. Zhang Bin
    Mr. Zhang Chaoyang
    Ms. Zhao Xiaohong
                                                              REGISTERED OFFICE
                                                              Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited
    Non-executive Director
                                                              Cricket Square
                                                              Hutchins Drive
    Dr. Wang David Guowei
                                                              PO Box 2681
                                                              Grand Cayman
    Independent Non-executive Directors
                                                              KY1-1111
                                                              Cayman Islands
    Mr. Kong Chi Mo
    Dr. Li Shu Wing David
    Dr. Gao Wei                                               PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS
                                                              AND HEAD OFFICE IN THE PEOPLE’S
    JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES                                 REPUBLIC OF CHINA (THE “PRC”)
    Ms. Liang Kun (appointed on 7 August 2026)                AK Medical Industrial Park
    Ms. Lee Lai Wah (appointed on 7 August 2026)              No. 5 Wen’an Street
    Ms. Ma Rongkun (resigned on 7 August 2026)                Changping District
                                                              Beijing 102299
    AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES                                China

    Ms. Zhang Bin                                             PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
    Ms. Liang Kun (appointed on 7 August 2026)
                                                              HONG KONG
    Ms. Ma Rongkun (resigned on 7 August 2026)
                                                              Room 1928, 19/F
    AUDIT COMMITTEE (THE “AUDIT                               Lee Garden One
    COMMITTEE”)                                               33 Hysan Avenue
                                                              Causeway Bay
    Mr. Kong Chi Mo (Chairman)                                Hong Kong
    Dr. Li Shu Wing David
    Dr. Wang David Guowei                                     AUDITOR

    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE (THE                               KPMG
    “REMUNERATION COMMITTEE”)                                 Public Interest Entity Auditor registered in accordance with
                                                              the Accounting and Financial Reporting Council Ordinance
    Dr. Li Shu Wing David (Chairman )                         8th Floor, Prince’s Building
    Mr. Kong Chi Mo                                           10 Chater Road, Central, Hong Kong
    Mr. Li Zhijiang




2        AK Medical Holdings Limited
CORPORATE INFORMATION




HONG KONG LEGAL ADVISER                  PRINCIPAL BANKS
Johnson Stokes & Master                  Agricultural Bank of China
16th-18th Floors, Prince’s Building      Bank of China
10 Chater Road, Central, Hong Kong       Bank of Communications
                                         Hang Seng Bank Limited
CAYMAN ISLANDS PRINCIPAL SHARE           The Hong Kong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited
                                         China Merchants Bank
REGISTRAR                                Shanghai Pudong Development Bank
                                         Bank of Jiangsu
Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited
Cricket Square
Hutchins Drive                           LISTING INFORMATION AND STOCK
P.O. Box 2681                            CODE
Grand Cayman KY1-1111
Cayman Islands                           The Company’s ordinary shares (“Share(s)”) are listed on
                                         the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
SHARE REGISTRAR IN HONG KONG             Limited (the “Hong Kong Stock Exchange”)
                                         (Stock Code: 1789.HK)
Tricor Investor Services Limited
17/F, Far East Finance Centre
16 Harcourt Road
Hong Kong


COMPANY WEBSITE
www.ak-medical.net




                                                                             Interim Report 2026    3
    FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS


    The board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) of AK Medical Holdings Limited (“AK Medical” or the “Company”)
    hereby announced the unaudited consolidated interim results of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”)
    for the six months ended 30 June 2026 (the “Reporting Period”), which have been reviewed by the Audit Committee. The
    Group’s financial highlights for the Reporting Period together with comparative data for the corresponding period of the
    previous year are set out below:

                                                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                  2026           2025                Variance
                                                                               RMB’000        RMB’000                      %

    Revenue                                                                      764,725           694,227             10.2%
    Gross profit                                                                 487,441           410,335             18.8%
    Profit for the period                                                        196,717           160,611             22.5%
    Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company                    196,717           160,611             22.5%

    Earnings per share
    Basic                                                                   RMB0.1768          RMB0.1439
    Diluted                                                                 RMB0.1766          RMB0.1435


    For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group achieved revenue of approximately RMB764.7 million, representing an
    increase of approximately 10.2% as compared to the same period of 2025. The revenue growth was primarily driven by
    the significant growth in overseas markets and the sales of intelligent devices. The Group achieved an increase of 22.5%
    in profit for the six months ended 30 June 2026 as compared with the six months ended 30 June 2025. The significant
    increase in profit was primarily attributable to revenue growth and increased gross margin due to increased revenue from
    higher-margin overseas and digital orthopedics products and intelligent equipment.




4        AK Medical Holdings Limited
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


Dear investors and shareholders,

As 2026 marks the opening year of the “15th Five-Year Plan”, the state has continued to ramp up its support for the
innovative medical device industry. Favorable policies now fully encompass the entire spectrum of innovative review and
approval, clinical translation and application, and medical insurance payments. This has successfully paved the way for
the industrialization and commercialization of high-end innovative medical devices that possess genuine clinical value and
proprietary core technology barriers. Consequently, the domestic high-end orthopedic innovation sector is expected to
usher in a period of accelerated growth.

In terms of volume-based procurement (“VBP”), the successive procurement of the 2024 national artificial joint VBP was
smoothly implemented in the first half of 2026. As the industry’s pricing system trends toward relative stability, the sector
has entered a new developmental stage characterized by “stabilized prices with rising volumes, survival of the fittest, and
breakthroughs through innovation”.

Favorable policies have also been introduced to the medical insurance sector, effectively resolving the commercialization
bottlenecks of digital orthopedics. In January 2026, the National Healthcare Security Administration (NHSA) issued the
Guidelines for the Establishment of Pricing Items for Surgical and Therapeutic Auxiliary Operation Medical Services (Trial)
(hereinafter referred to as the “Guidelines”). For the first time, this established a unified pricing system for digital orthopedic
technologies, including orthopedic surgical robots, 3D reconstruction, and 3D-printed prostheses. By filling the gaps
in pricing policies, the Guidelines provide a solid institutional guarantee for the large-scale clinical application of smart
orthopedic equipment.

In the first half of 2026, the Group maintained stable operations, achieving growth in both revenue and profit. During the
period, total revenue amounted to approximately RMB764.7 million, representing an increase of 10.2% year-on-year. In
particular, overseas revenue reached approximately RMB181.6 million, representing a significant year-on-year increase of
41.7%, while revenue from the digital orthopedics business (including orthopedic surgical robots, consumables, 3D surgical
planning, 3D models, and 3D custom prostheses) amounted to RMB44.7 million, representing a significant year-on-year
increase of 142.6%. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s net profit reached approximately RMB197.0 million,
representing an increase of 22.5% over the previous year. The dual growth in revenue and profit was primarily attributable to
the following three key factors:

Firstly, relying on a comprehensive product line and outstanding product quality, the Company continued to achieve
breakthroughs and high growth in premium markets traditionally dominated by imports (such as Shanghai, Jiangsu, and
Zhejiang) as well as in top-tier hospitals across various provinces. The proportion of the Group’s presence in high-tier
hospitals, which have high entry barriers, continued to rise, laying a solid foundation for sustained high-quality growth.
Although the Company faced certain pressures in the mass market where price competition is fierce, the overall domestic
prosthesis business continued its steady growth, serving as the fundamental pillar of the Group’s operations.

Secondly, overseas markets have entered a high-speed growth channel. Leveraging premium products, synergies with
overseas resources of JRI Orthopaedics Ltd. (“JRI”, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company), and the continuous drive
of overseas academic activities, the Company’s prosthesis business, positioned as a comprehensive solution alongside the
Group’s intelligent equipment, has continuously expanded the business scale of existing customers while rapidly acquiring
a series of high-quality new customers. This drove a substantial year-on-year increase of approximately 41.7% in overseas
revenue, becoming a core source of incremental growth for the Group and an engine for sustained future growth. At the
same time, due to the higher profit margins of overseas business, its increased revenue proportion effectively elevated the
Group’s overall gross profit margin.




                                                                                                             Interim Report 2026      5
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




    Thirdly, digital orthopedics policies have reached a critical inflection point. In January 2026, the national specialized pricing
    policy for digital orthopedics was officially implemented, thoroughly dismantling the commercialization barriers for innovative
    segments such as surgical navigation, surgical robots, 3D smart diagnosis and treatment, and customized prostheses. The
    Company’s orthopedic robots continued to win bids and secure installations in domestic hospitals, while rapidly securing
    multiple signed contracts and deployments overseas. In the first half of the year, revenue from the digital orthopedics
    business reached RMB44.70 million, representing a significant year-on-year increase of 142.6%. The rapid volume ramp-up
    of high-margin intelligent equipment and digital orthopedics businesses has significantly optimized the Group’s overall
    revenue structure and profitability. The Group is firmly committed to building a digital orthopedics ecosystem. Through
    years of effort, it has gradually established a full-process digital orthopedics ecosystem encompassing preoperative
    prediction, intraoperative precision, and postoperative monitoring, while continuously optimizing and iterating it through AI
    technology. Relying on the full-process smart diagnosis and treatment closed loop and the technological barriers built by
    industry-academia-research collaboration, the Group has achieved a positive cycle of product iteration, clinical application,
    and commercial operation. Bolstered by rich scientific research achievements and patented technologies that solidify
    product competitiveness, the Group has achieved a business transition from scale-driven growth to high-quality, highly
    profitable growth. Ultimately, this has realized a sound operational momentum characterized by steady revenue growth and
    a profit growth rate that significantly outpaces revenue growth.

    In the future, the Group will continue to uphold the great vision of being a world-class and leading brand, adhere to
    innovation and enterprising spirit, and constantly improve operation results, bringing greater value to shareholders and
    society.




    Li Zhijiang
    Chairman
    Hong Kong, 26 August 2026




6        AK Medical Holdings Limited
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND OUTLOOK
Overview

In the first half of 2026, driven by the digital orthopedics segment, the Group’s conventional prosthesis business achieved
sustained and steady growth by focusing on key markets and top-tier hospitals. At the same time, the overseas business
maintained a rapid growth trajectory, and the digital orthopedics segment rapidly expanded its strategic footprint. By
establishing overseas markets and digital orthopedics as two new growth engines, the Group successfully underpinned its
sustainable and robust growth in both overall performance and profitability.

In terms of conventional prosthesis business, the domestic orthopedic consumables industry is currently operating
under the normalized execution of VBP. The artificial joint sector smoothly continued to implement the results of national
replacement procurement in 2024, bringing relative stability to the industry’s pricing system. During the Reporting Period,
the Company maintained the steady and orderly development of its core artificial joint consumables business, including hip
and knee joints, through its dual-brand system of “AK Medical + ITI”. In particular, AK Medical is strategically positioned in
the mid-to-high-end market. Leveraging its premium and comprehensive product portfolio, excellent clinical reputation, and
continuous academic exchanges, the brand has consistently achieved breakthroughs and high-speed growth in premium
markets traditionally dominated by imports (such as Shanghai, Jiangsu, and Zhejiang) as well as in top-tier hospitals across
various provinces. Its proportion of utilization in high-tier hospitals, which have high entry barriers, continued to rise, further
consolidating its market share amid the stabilized VBP market environment. To address the pressures of price competition
in the mass market, the Company actively advanced the domestic rollout of its second brand, ITI, in 2026. By employing a
more flexible pricing policy to meet mass market demands, the implant volume of ITI achieved a remarkable growth of over
100% in 2026. It is anticipated that the implant volume will further expand in the second half of 2026.

In terms of overseas business, in the first half of 2026, the Group significantly accelerated its expansion in international
markets. The prosthesis business successfully acquired high-quality new clients from multiple countries, while the business
scale with existing clients continued to expand. In the meantime, contracts for orthopedic robots were successfully signed
and deployed across multiple countries, accelerating the global rollout of intelligent equipment and establishing a new growth
driver for overseas operations. The growth across three pillars, namely existing overseas clients, incremental clients, and
new product lines, empowered the Group’s overseas revenue to achieve a growth of 41.7%, marking the fifth consecutive
year that its overseas business has delivered a remarkable growth of over 20%.

In terms of digital orthopedics, the Company’s digital and smart orthopedics business has entered a phase of rapid
implementation and volume ramp-up, emerging as a new growth engine. The market expansion for its core product, the
orthopedic surgical robot, yielded significant results, with a cumulative total of 11 units successfully sold and deployed in the
first half of the year, achieving simultaneous breakthroughs and multiple successes both domestically and internationally. In
the domestic market, the Company continued to deeply cultivate end-user medical institutions, successfully securing bids
and completing installations for multiple devices. Notably, the vast majority of these installations were in top-tier domestic
hospitals. This achievement lays an exceptional foundation for sustained business momentum moving forward and will
further enhance customer stickiness and competitive edge of the prosthesis business. Coupled with the release of the
Guidelines, the commercialization bottlenecks for innovative operations, such as surgical robots, 3D smart auxiliary diagnosis
and treatment, and customized prostheses, have been comprehensively dismantled. As the market for these innovative
ventures continues to broaden, the Company’s overall profitability is expected to steadily improve.




                                                                                                             Interim Report 2026      7
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




    In the first half of 2026, AK Medical achieved remarkable success in the translation and commercialization of its R&D
    initiatives: multiple Class III orthopedic implants were officially approved, realizing a full-spectrum layout that covers both
    mainstream orthopedic fields and customized sub-segments; the K3+ Total Joint Surgical Robot received official approval
    for market launch; the AI system for the iCOS Digital Orthopedics Platform was fully established, realizing a two-way smart
    empowerment model for both clinical diagnosis/treatment and product R&D. Looking ahead, the Company will continue
    to solidify its technological barriers in 3D ACT metal additive manufacturing, digital orthopedics platform, and surgical
    robotics. By balancing the optimization of conventional prostheses with the strategic layout of high-end innovative pipelines,
    the Company aims to build long-term, differentiated competitive advantages rooted in digital and personalized orthopedic
    innovations.

    Overall, in the first half of 2026, AK Medical successfully realized a robust and healthy development situation by stabilizing
    the foundation of its traditional main business, driving incremental growth through innovative operations, and expanding
    market presence overseas. Against the backdrop of continuously optimized VBP rules and the accelerated high-quality
    upgrading of the industry, the Company leveraged its leading technological footprint in intelligent orthopedics and its rapidly
    expanding global market network. As a result, the Company continues to lead the industry track in the domestic, intelligent
    and high-end upgrading of orthopedic consumables, laying a solid foundation for sustained performance growth throughout
    the year.

    In the first half of 2026, benefiting from the rapid growth in overseas sales and the sales of intelligent equipment, the
    Group achieved a sales revenue of approximately RMB764.7 million, representing an increase of approximately 10.2%
    compared to the same period of 2025. In particular, overseas revenue grew by approximately 41.7%, and revenue from
    digital orthopedics grew by approximately 142.6%. The Group achieved a net profit of approximately RMB196.7 million,
    representing an increase of approximately 22.5% compared to the same period of 2025. The robotics and overseas
    businesses are gradually being established as the Group’s new growth engines, distinguishing it from traditional orthopedic
    enterprises, and the strategic results of the dual-driven approach of digitalization and internationalization continue to
    materialize. With the continuous increase in the proportion of higher-margin overseas revenue and digital orthopedics
    business, the Group’s profitability level will be further enhanced.

    Business of Hip and Knee Implants

    The hip and knee implant business encompasses standardized hip and knee products manufactured by both conventional
    technology and 3D printing technology. The Group offers customers and patients a full line of joint implants manufactured
    by different technologies, including hip and knee implants and instruments suitable for primary, complicated, revision and
    reconstructive operations.

    In the first half of 2026, the Company continued to expand its market share in the hip and knee replacement segment of
    the surgical implant market. The Group continued to deepen its strategic cooperation with national medical centers and
    provincial major medical institutions, and significantly enhanced its brand influence and market share through the innovative
    model of digital orthopedic ecosystem and the installation of intelligent equipment. In core provinces such as Shanghai,
    Zhejiang, and Jiangsu, which have long been dominated by imported products, the proportion of surgeries using the
    Group’s products has continued to increase. In other provinces where the Company traditionally holds a large market
    share, the Company has also primarily focused on local top-tier hospitals to further expand its market share and establish
    competitive barriers. Among the Group’s surgeries, the surgical implant volume from top-tier hospitals increased by 37%
    compared to the same period of last year. The Group believes that the expansion of market share in top-tier hospitals will
    help the Company avoid vicious price competition, further enhance its competitiveness, and achieve sustainable, high-quality
    growth.

    In the first half of 2026, the Group’s revenue from hip and knee products was approximately RMB653.7 million, a year-on-
    year increase of 8.2%.




8        AK Medical Holdings Limited
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Spinal and Trauma Implants Business

The Group has a complete line of conventional spinal and trauma products, as well as 3D-printed spinal products.
Leveraging its unique 3D printing technology, the Group has developed a differentiated product portfolio.

In the first half of 2026, the Group’s 3D spinal fusion cage business continued to face short-term pressure due to
macroeconomic policy controls on the use of products excluded from VBP. The Group focused on major top-tier hospitals
nationwide and actively expanded its new spinal product business. Rapid growth in segments including iCOS customized
spinal products, pelvic reconstruction, vertebral bodies, and atlantoaxial fusion has, to a certain extent, offset the business
pressure on 3D fusion cages, while continuously establishing a differentiated brand image as an expert in solving complex
spinal issues.

In the first half of 2026, the Group’s revenue from spinal and trauma implants was approximately RMB39.5 million,
representing a year-on-year decrease of 22.2%, which was mainly due to the decrease in sales of trauma implants by the
Group in the first half of 2026.

International Business

International business is one of the new growth engines the Group is focusing on cultivating. Through the AK Medical + JRI
dual-brand strategy, leveraging the academic resources of JRI and its brand recognition in Europe, and combining this with
highly efficient production and operations in China, the Group has achieved sustained, rapid, and high-quality development
in emerging markets. In the first half of 2026, the Group continued to actively expand its overseas markets, successfully
developing 13 new overseas distributors, obtaining registrations in five additional countries, and establishing collaborative
projects with national-level key opinion leaders (KOLs) in three countries, demonstrating its commitment to building the local
brand influence of the AK brand. Existing clients also further expanded their product line cooperation, thereby accelerating
business growth. Particularly noteworthy is that during the first half of the year, the Group’s orthopedic surgical robots
achieved three sales and installations along with one signed contract in key overseas hospitals. This not only provided a
new growth driver for the international business but also established a premium international image for Chinese orthopedic
brands.

In the first half of 2026, the Group’s revenue from overseas products amounted to approximately RMB181.6 million, a
significant increase of approximately 41.7% compared with the revenue for the same period of 2025. This revenue has been
included in the revenue from hip and knee joints mentioned above, and the revenue from digital orthopedics products and
intelligent equipment.

Digital Orthopedics Products and Intelligent Equipment

The Group has established a comprehensive orthopedics solution encompassing “preoperative planning – intraoperative
digital assistance – prognosis monitoring”, covering the full orthopedic process encompassing preoperative, intraoperative,
and postoperative stages, which includes self-developed software, web-based applications, and smart hardware such
as navigation and robotics. They are used in combination with the Company’s conventional and customized prostheses,
effectively improving the precision of orthopedic surgeries, reducing surgical trauma to patients, and significantly shortening
the learning curve for young doctors. At the same time, the utilization of digital orthopedic solutions has helped the
Company build stronger customer stickiness and brand image, which in turn has driven the growth of prosthesis business.
As of 30 June 2026, the Company’s smart surgical planning software and services have covered more than 1,500 hospitals,
and the 3D customization business has covered more than 500 hospitals. The Company has cumulatively deployed nearly
one hundred units of intelligent equipment to more than 110 hospitals, driving over 6,000 prosthesis implantations.

In the first half of 2026, the Group’s revenue from digital orthopedics customized products, orthopedic surgical robots
and consumables, and digital orthopedics services amounted to approximately RMB44.7 million, representing a significant
increase of approximately 142.6% as compared with the same period of last year.




                                                                                                         Interim Report 2026      9
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Research and Development

     Orthopedic Implants

     During the Reporting Period, the Group achieved significant results in the research and development translation of high-end
     medical devices. Several orthopedic implants featuring self-developed core technologies and clinical barriers obtained Class
     III medical device registration certification from the National Medical Products Administration. These primarily include the
     unicompartmental knee prosthesis, the second-generation bioactive 3D-printed vertebral body prosthesis, patient-matched
     anatomical locking bone plates, the additive manufacturing self-stabilizing artificial vertebral system, and the metal additive
     manufacturing bone fixation and fusion system. This batch of approved products covers the three core orthopedic sub-
     segments of joints, spine, and trauma, while also encompassing the personalized patient-matched customization sector.
     This comprehensively completes the Group’s high-end implant product matrix, realizing a full-spectrum layout across both
     mainstream orthopedic fields and customized sub-segments.

     The concentrated deployment of multiple categories of innovative products in this round holds significant strategic
     importance for the Company’s development. The Group has so far completed a full-dimensional layout of patient-
     matched devices across the three major segments of spine, joints, and trauma, breaking down the product boundaries
     between standardized implants and personalized customized consumables, and marking the formal establishment of a
     digital orthopedic consumables ecosystem. Relying on independent and controllable core technologies in metal additive
     manufacturing and the advantages of a full-category product portfolio, the Company has constructed a fully closed-loop
     technological system comprising “preoperative personalized scheme design – customized product manufacturing – precise
     intraoperative implantation – postoperative osseointegration and repair”. This builds comprehensive technological barriers
     and competitive advantages within the domestic precision orthopedic diagnosis and treatment sector, continuously driving
     the upgrading of domestic high-end orthopedic consumables towards localization, precision, and digitalization.

     Orthopedic Surgical Robots

     The Group has continued to deeply cultivate the digital orthopedics intelligent equipment sector, achieving significant
     phased breakthroughs in the R&D and implementation of core intelligent surgical equipment. The K3+ orthopedic surgical
     navigation and positioning system and the NHK orthopedic surgical navigation system have successively obtained Class III
     medical device registration certification. These two intelligent navigation devices serve as the core supporting hardware for
     the Group’s self-developed robots. Relying on high-precision spatial positioning, smart algorithms, and digital navigation
     technologies, they effectively empower the iterative upgrade of orthopedic surgeries towards precision, minimally invasive
     procedures, and smart operations.

     With the successive approval and market launch of smart devices, the Group’s self-developed joint surgical robot has
     become one of the leading full-scenario surgical robots in China capable of comprehensively covering hip joint, knee joint,
     and unicompartmental replacements, as well as various joint revision surgeries. This effectively resolves industry pain
     points such as limited surgical coverage of domestic robots and long-term reliance on imported equipment for high-end
     complex joint surgeries. The completion of the smart hardware segment signifies that AK Medical has closed the critical
     loop of its digital orthopedics ecosystem, propelling the intelligent orthopedics business from the implementation of single
     products to a systematic, scaled, and commercialized stage. This accelerates the process of domestic substitution for high-
     end orthopedic surgical robots, delivering highly efficient, precise, and accessible smart orthopedic solutions for clinical
     applications.




10        AK Medical Holdings Limited
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




iCOS Digital Orthopedics Platform

The Group continued to deepen its intelligent strategy for digital orthopedics by promoting the deep integration of AI
technology with clinical diagnosis and treatment as well as product R&D. During the Reporting Period, the Company
collaborated with top-tier scientific research and clinical resources, including key domestic universities and tertiary A-level
hospitals, to iteratively upgrade the iCOS Digital Orthopedics Platform, successfully establishing an intelligent case retrieval
and analysis system based on AI large models. The platform integrates massive volumes of clinical cases, medical images,
surgical plans, and postoperative follow-up data, breaking down clinical data silos to realize the interoperability of case
images, smart analysis and judgment, precise retrieval, and plan optimization. This has established a comprehensive AI
empowerment system for clinical orthopedics, which can assist clinicians in optimizing personalized diagnosis and treatment
strategies, significantly enhancing the precision and efficiency of orthopedic surgeries.


On the foundation of empowering clinical practice, the Group completed the local deployment of an orthopedic-specific AI
large model, building a smart R&D auxiliary system and comprehensively infusing AI capabilities throughout the entire lifecycle
of device R&D. Through large model algorithmic analysis, the platform can intelligently identify technical risks, compliance
risks, and clinical trial risks during the new product R&D process, realizing dynamic monitoring and hazard avoidance across
the entire workflow. The implementation of AI smart R&D system not only substantially improves the iteration efficiency of
new technologies and products and shortens the R&D cycle, but also strengthens the risk control capabilities across the
entire R&D chain. This drives the standardized, digital, and smart upgrade of the R&D system, continuously iterating and
perfecting the Group’s full-industry digital orthopedics ecosystem, and consolidating the Company’s core competitiveness
driven by long-term innovation.

Scientific Research Achievements

During the Reporting Period, the Company continued to strengthen its technological R&D and innovation barriers, achieving
fruitful results in intellectual property layout, the implementation of scientific research projects, and the attainment of scientific
and technological awards. In terms of intellectual property, the Company built a multi-dimensional patent protection system
around its product portfolio and research projects under development. During the Reporting Period, four new international
patents and 43 new national invention patents were authorized. As of 30 June 2026, the Company cumulatively held
69 international patents, 656 national invention patents, 620 utility model patents, and five external design patents, with
a patent layout covering core technological fields both domestically and overseas. In terms of scientific research and
innovation, the Company deeply collaborated with top medical institutions in China to carry out industry-academia-research
cooperation. During the Reporting Period, multiple national-level and provincial-ministerial-level scientific research projects
were successfully approved, covering key research topics at different levels such as the National Key R&D Program, the
Science and Technology Program of the Beijing Municipal Science and Technology Commission, and the Joint Project of the
Beijing Municipal Natural Science Foundation, continuously consolidating the foundation of core technology R&D. In terms
of scientific and technological achievements, the Company focused on the pain points of clinical orthopedic diagnosis and
treatment, working with medical institutions to tackle key problems. It won several heavyweight scientific and technological
awards, including the First Prize for Outstanding Achievements in Scientific Research from the Ministry of Education, the
First Prize of the Beijing Science and Technology Progress Award, and the Second Prize of the Beijing Medical Science
and Technology Award. It also won the Second Prize of the National Science and Technology Progress Award, achieving
a major breakthrough in national-level scientific and technological awards. This fully demonstrates the Company’s leading
strength and clinical value in the fields of innovative orthopedic technology and high-end medical device R&D.




                                                                                                               Interim Report 2026       11
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Sales and Marketing

     Promotion of the Conventional Implant Prosthesis Business

     In terms of joints, during the Reporting Period, the Group focused on differentiated implant solutions, centering on key
     clinical and complex scenarios such as knee preservation, developmental dysplasia of the hip, and complex revisions and
     reconstructions. It carried out a series of targeted academic promotions and market popularization initiatives to continuously
     strengthen market penetration in these sub-segments. The launch of new-generation joint products such as digital knee and
     Vita stem aligns the Company’s prosthesis designs with mainstream international cutting-edge trends, enabling it to better
     respond to the demands of top-tier hospitals for the latest technologies. In the meantime, the designs of these two products
     can better match the application scenarios of navigation and robotics, making surgeries more precise and effective, and
     they will become the Group’s flagship products in the future.

     In terms of spine, during the Reporting Period, the Company focused on the core clinical scenarios of vertebral
     reconstruction, specifically addressing the challenges of spinal stability reconstruction for patients with spinal tumors, and
     continuously promoted the innovative upgrade of diagnosis and treatment technologies for spinal tumors. Backed by the
     technical support of the iCOS Digital Orthopedics Platform, the Company continuously promoted the clinical application
     and popularization of complex spinal surgeries and characteristic spinal products, effectively driving the steady growth of
     the atlantoaxial lateral mass joint fusion product business. To further standardize the application of surgical techniques and
     accelerate clinical popularization, the Company hosted the second phase of the Mis-PALF Seminar on New Technologies
     for Atlantoaxial Diagnosis and Treatment, specifically promoting standardized diagnosis and treatment technologies for
     atlantoaxial lateral mass joint fusion, thereby continuously expanding the clinical coverage of the products. At the same
     time, the Company regularly conducted the “Bone Warrior” series of academic empowerment activities, cumulatively hosting
     seven thematic seminars with an online reach of over 30,000 participant visits. Through continuous technical training and
     academic promotion, it consistently enhanced the clinical penetration rate of complex spinal surgeries, effectively driving the
     steady volume growth of the overall spine product implantation.

     Promotion of Digital Orthopedics and Orthopedic Intelligent Equipment

     The Group continued to advance the commercial layout of digital orthopedics and orthopedic intelligent equipment. Relying
     on an integrated full-process digital orthopedics product system, the Group seized the opportunity presented by the
     implementation of the national digital orthopedics medical service pricing policies, laying a solid policy foundation for the
     large-scale market promotion of intelligent equipment. In the first half of 2026, the Company consistently utilized clinical
     applications in benchmark hospitals, standardized technical training, and normalized academic promotion as its core
     strategies to steadily advance the clinical deployment and market popularization of intelligent equipment. The Company
     leveraged top-tier tertiary A-level hospitals, such as Peking University Third Hospital, Chinese PLA General Hospital,
     Shanghai Sixth People’s Hospital, and the First Affiliated Hospital of Zhejiang University, to establish clinical benchmarks.
     It conducted over ten standardized robotics training sessions, covering more than ten countries and nearly a hundred
     orthopedic physicians. By using benchmark demonstrations and technical empowerment to drive regional market expansion,
     the Company continuously enhanced the brand influence of its orthopedic robotics business. As of 30 June 2026, the
     Group has successfully implemented digital orthopedics charging items in more than ten key hospitals and established
     digital intelligent orthopedics demonstration centers at Beijing Jishuitan Hospital, Shanghai Sixth People’s Hospital, and
     Peking University Third Hospital, forming a replicable and scalable commercial deployment model for digital orthopedics. As
     of 30 June 2026, the Company’s smart surgical planning software and services have covered over 1,500 hospitals, and its
     3D customization business has covered over 500 hospitals. The Company has cumulatively deployed nearly a hundred units
     of intelligent equipment to over 110 hospitals, driving the implantation of over 6,000 prostheses.




12        AK Medical Holdings Limited
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Promotion of International Business

During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to optimize its global layout. Relying on AK Academy as an international
medical education platform and the premium European academic resources of JRI, the Group continuously deepened
its collaborative relationships with global orthopedic experts and medical institutions, steadily elevating its international
academic influence. In emerging markets, the Group focused on deep localization, systematically exporting advanced
Chinese orthopedic technologies and products. It regularly conducted specialized training for overseas distributors and local
clinicians, assisting partner regions in elevating their clinical surgical standards, facilitating overseas clients’ understanding
of products of AK Medical, and gradually building recognition of AK Medical as an international orthopedic brand. During
the Reporting Period, the Company secured five new overseas product registrations, with 12 products currently undergoing
registration process. For the VTS robot, the completeness review of CE MDR technical documentation has been completed,
and it is expected to complete all conformity assessments and obtain CE MDR certification by December 2026. The K3
surgical robot initiated CE MDR product testing in December 2025, and is expected to submit a certification application to
the notified body by the end of 2026. On the other hand, the Group integrated JRI’s premium European academic resources
with the expert resources of top-tier hospitals in China, utilizing the “Health Silk Road International Exchange Program” as a
platform to routinely conduct cross-border academic collaborations. During the Reporting Period, the Group hosted a total
of 15 international exchange events spanning 15 countries across the four continents of Asia, Europe, the Americas, and
Africa, attracting over 100 international orthopedic physicians to participate in the symposiums. These activities garnered an
accumulated online reach and readership of over 100,000 views domestically and internationally, effectively broadening the
global influence of the Company’s innovative orthopedic technologies and brand.

With the overseas deployment of intelligent equipment such as navigation systems and robotics, the Company has now
upgraded its model from export of single products to comprehensive export of complete diagnosis and treatment solutions
alongside high-end equipment. Consequently, the momentum for overseas market expansion continues to strengthen.

Production and Manufacturing

Relying on a professional, digitalized, and systematized high-end orthopedic smart manufacturing base, AK Medical has
constructed an industry-leading production and manufacturing system. It has formed a core manufacturing advantage
characterized by the dual-track synergy of standardized mass production and personalized customization. Its overall
production capacity, technical processes, and quality control rank in the top tier of the domestic orthopedic device industry.

The Company has continuously optimized its 3D printing additive manufacturing production system. Through upgrading of
automated post-processing, closed-loop recovery and reuse of powder, and iterative updates of digital process parameters,
it has achieved quality improvement, cost reduction, and efficiency enhancement in the production of personalized
orthopedic implants. On the production end, human intervention steps have been further minimized, and consumable
wastage and defect rates have been reduced. This effectively shortens the delivery cycle of customized products, boosts
production capacity, and ensures quality consistency. Under the premise of guaranteeing clinical quality and mechanical
performance of high-end customized products, the Company has continuously optimized the per-unit manufacturing cost
and steadily enhanced scaled delivery capability and profitability resilience of its 3D printing customization business.

On the standardized product manufacturing end, the ITI Medical Phase II project serves as the core upgrading vehicle for
AK Medical’s scaled and smart mass production of orthopedic devices. During the Reporting Period, the project has been
completed and put into operation. The individual production capacities for hip and knee joints both reached a delivery
capability of 200,000 sets, and the overall annual production scale for artificial joints increased to 500,000 to 600,000 sets.
The effects of scaled production have been fully unleashed, effectively diluting the fixed production costs per unit. At the
same time, the degree of automation and standardization of production lines has been significantly improved, reducing
deviations caused by human intervention. Product consistency, yield rates, and production stability have been continuously
optimized, which can efficiently accommodate the large-volume, complete-set, and highly compliant supply demands of the
national joint VBP environment.




                                                                                                            Interim Report 2026      13
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Overall, AK Medical’s differentiated smart manufacturing capabilities, full-category mass production strength, and stringent
     quality control system have built a core manufacturing competitiveness that distinguishes it from industry peers, continuously
     supporting the implementation of high-end innovative products and the high-quality development of its business.

     Strategic Prospect

     Moving forward, the Company will continue to leverage its core advantages in digital orthopedics and orthopedic robotics
     to deepen the commercial model of “implants + intelligent equipment + consumables + clinical services”, consistently
     unleashing growth momentum of its innovative businesses. At the same time, relying on its dual-market layout both
     domestically and overseas, as well as its dual-brand advantages, the Company will steadily advance the export of high-end
     products and the output of technologies, continuing to broaden its space for globalized growth. As the policy dividends for
     digital orthopedics are continuously released and the clinical penetration rate of intelligent orthopedics rises, the Company’s
     overall business is poised to achieve high-quality and steady growth.

     Orthopedic Robotics

     In the second half of 2026, AK Medical’s orthopedic surgical robotics business is expected to reach a critical inflection point
     for commercial volume ramp-up, with the core driving forces being the realization of policy dividends and the acceleration of
     overseas business. During the Reporting Period, AK Medical has completed the sale of 11 robotics units. As the charging
     catalogs for surgical robots are successively implemented across various provinces, the pace of installations in the second
     half of the year is expected to accelerate further. The increase in robotics installations is expected to directly stimulate the
     sales of associated equipment consumables and joint implants. In the future, the Company will continue to rely on the
     iterative development of robotics technology, the expansion of clinical scenarios, and the synergistic advantages of software
     and hardware to continually unlock the growth space of intelligent orthopedics business, establishing it as the core driving
     force behind the Group’s digital and high-end transformational upgrade.

     Dual-brand Strategy Continues to Expand Overseas Markets

     The Company possesses strong momentum in exploiting the international market through the “AK Medical + JRI” dual-
     brand strategy. Having delivered an outstanding performance in the first half of 2026 with an approximately 41.7% year-on-
     year increase in overseas revenue, the Company is expected to further open up growth space in the second half of the year
     as the global rollout of surgical robots accelerates, new strategic partnerships are finalized, and brands and channels are
     further deepened.

     AI Empowering the Construction of Digital Orthopedics Ecosystem

     Capitalizing on the industry trend of digital and smart transformation and the dividends of new pricing policies for digital
     orthopedics in 2026, the Company will continue to advance the construction of digital orthopedics ecosystem characterized
     by full-chain AI empowerment, software-hardware synergy, and closed-loop data iteration, continually unlocking space for
     commercial growth. Unlike the traditional industry model of relying on single equipment or single-product consumables, AK
     Medical relies on the K3 orthopedic surgical robot, intelligent navigation systems, the iCOS Digital Orthopedics Platform,
     and multi-modal AI algorithms to build a full-lifecycle digital orthopedics closed-loop system covering preoperative smart
     planning, intraoperative precision assistance, postoperative rehabilitation tracking, and iterative product R&D. Looking
     ahead, AK Medical will continue to deepen the medical-engineering integration applications of generative AI, digital twins,
     and clinical big data. Leveraging massive clinical data to iterate algorithms, it will continuously enhance the intelligent and
     standardized levels of orthopedic surgeries and lower the operational threshold for high-end surgeries. With the nationwide
     implementation of digital orthopedics pricing system, the industry has officially transitioned from isolated equipment trials
     to the systematic and widespread adoption of an ecosystem. Backed by the integrated core advantage of “implants +
     intelligent equipment + consumables + clinical services”, the Company will persistently promote the large-scale clinical
     deployment of intelligent orthopedics technologies. In the meantime, it will use the clinical data ecosystem to feed back
     into iterative product innovation, forming a positive cycle of synergistic empowerment across technology, products, clinical
     practice, and commercialization, thereby continuously consolidating its leading edge in the domestic intelligent orthopedics
     sector and building long-term core competitive barriers.



14        AK Medical Holdings Limited
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




FINANCIAL REVIEW
Overview

                                                                                                          Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                         2026           2025                       Variance
                                                                                                      RMB’000        RMB’000                             %

Revenue                                                                                                 764,725             694,227                   10.2%
Gross profit                                                                                            487,441             410,335                   18.8%
Profit for the period                                                                                   196,717             160,611                   22.5%
Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company                                               196,717             160,611                   22.5%

Earnings per share
Basic                                                                                             RMB0.1768            RMB0.1439
Diluted                                                                                           RMB0.1766            RMB0.1435


For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group achieved revenue of approximately RMB764.7 million, representing an
increase of approximately 10.2% as compared to the same period of 2025. The revenue growth was primarily driven by
the significant growth in overseas markets and the sales of intelligent devices. The Group achieved an increase of 22.5%
in profit for the six months ended 30 June 2026 as compared with the six months ended 30 June 2025. The significant
increase in profit was primarily attributable to revenue growth and increased gross margin due to increased revenue from
higher-margin overseas and digital orthopedics products and intelligent equipment.

The following discussions are based on the financial information and notes set out in this interim report and should be read
in conjunction with them.

Revenue

                                                                                                          Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                         2026           2025                       Variance
                                                                                                      RMB’000        RMB’000                             %

Hip replacement implants(1)                                                                             423,934             409,675                   3.5%
Knee replacement implants(2)                                                                            229,792             194,489                  18.2%
Spinal and trauma implants(3)                                                                            39,488              50,732                 -22.2%
Digital orthopedics products and intelligent equipment(4)                                                44,700              18,424                 142.6%
Others(5)                                                                                                26,811              20,907                  28.2%

Total                                                                                                   764,725             694,227                   10.2%


Notes:

(1)      Including 3D-printed hip replacement implants;

(2)      Including 3D-printed knee replacement implants;

(3)      Including 3D-printed spinal and trauma implants;

(4)      Including customized joint, pelvic, spinal and trauma implant products, customized value-added surgical services and orthopedic surgical robots;

(5)      Others primarily include surgical instruments, medical irrigators and third party orthopedic products.




                                                                                                                                      Interim Report 2026     15
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Revenue for the six months ended 30 June 2026 amounted to approximately RMB764.7 million, representing an increase
     of approximately 10.2% from approximately RMB694.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025. The increase in
     revenue was largely attributable to the significant growth in overseas markets and the sales of intelligent equipment.

     Hip and Knee Replacement Implant Products

     The hip and knee replacement implant products include knee replacement implants and hip replacement implants, as well
     as 3D-printed hip and knee replacement implants.

     Revenue from hip replacement implants for the six months ended 30 June 2026 amounted to approximately RMB423.9
     million, representing an increase of 3.5% from approximately RMB409.7 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025.
     Revenue from knee replacement implants for the six months ended 30 June 2026 amounted to approximately RMB229.8
     million, representing an increase of 18.2% from approximately RMB194.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025.

     In the first half of 2026, the Company continued to experience stable growth in demand for its surgical products in China
     while the unicondylar implant products recorded a significant growth in implant volume, further driving the revenue growth
     from knee replacement implant products. In the meantime, the Company achieved significant growth in overseas revenue
     from its hip and knee replacement implant products through active market expansion.

     Spinal and Trauma Implant Products

     The Group’s spinal and trauma implant products comprise traditional spinal implants and trauma implants, as well as
     3D-printed spinal implants. Revenue from spinal and trauma implant products for the six months ended 30 June 2026
     amounted to approximately RMB39.5 million, representing a decrease of 22.2% from approximately RMB50.7 million for
     the six months ended 30 June 2025. In the first half of 2026, impacted by policy factors, short-term revenue from spinal
     business remained relatively stable. Despite this, the Group leveraged its unique 3D printing technology to formulate a
     differentiated product mix, which was highly recognized by the market. As a result, the spinal products recorded a steady
     growth in implant volume. In the first half of 2026, the sales of trauma implant products by the Group declined.

     Digital Orthopedics Products and Intelligent Equipment

     Revenue from digital orthopedics products and intelligent equipment includes revenue from customized joint, pelvic, spinal
     and trauma implant products, customized value-added surgical services and orthopedic surgical robots. Revenue from
     digital orthopedics products and intelligent equipment for the six months ended 30 June 2026 amounted to approximately
     RMB44.7 million, representing an increase of approximately 142.6% from approximately RMB18.4 million for the six months
     ended 30 June 2025. In the first half of 2026, the Group leveraged its product and technical advantages to successfully
     extend its customized surgeries to a number of hospitals, which contributed to an increase in revenue from digital
     orthopedics products and intelligent equipment. At the same time, through active market expansion, the Group achieved the
     sales of 11 orthopedic surgical robots in China and overseas regions in the first half of 2026.




16        AK Medical Holdings Limited
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Domestic and Overseas Sales

The vast majority of the Group’s revenue is generated in China, with a smaller percentage derived from overseas sales. A
breakdown of the Group’s domestic and overseas sales revenue is set forth below:

                                                                                Six months ended 30 June
                                                                               2026           2025                  Variance
                                                                            RMB’000        RMB’000                        %

China                                                                        583,116           566,019                 3.0%
Other countries                                                              181,609           128,208                41.7%

Total                                                                        764,725           694,227                10.2%


For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group’s overseas sales revenue amounted to approximately RMB181.6
million, representing a significant year-on-year increase of 41.7%. The increase was primarily due to the rise in the volume
of surgeries in the first half of 2026 as a result of the Company’s active expansion of overseas markets. At the same time,
the growth in overseas sales of orthopedic surgical robots further boosted overseas sales. Revenue from China for the six
months ended 30 June 2026 amounted to approximately RMB583.1 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 3.0%,
mainly due to the sales growth of orthopedic surgical robots.

Cost of Sales

For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the cost of sales was approximately RMB277.3 million, representing a decrease of
approximately 2.3% from approximately RMB283.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025. The decrease in cost of
sales was primarily due to the combined effect of an increase in sales volume and a decrease in production costs of certain
products.

Gross Profit and Gross Margin

Gross profit represents revenue less cost of sales. The gross profit for the six months ended 30 June 2026 amounted to
approximately RMB487.4 million, representing a significant increase of 18.8% as compared to approximately RMB410.3
million for the six months ended 30 June 2025. The increase in gross profit was primarily due to the increase in revenue and
the improved gross margin as a result of the higher proportion of revenue from higher-margin overseas sales and orthopedic
surgical robots.

Gross margin is calculated as gross profit divided by revenue. The Group’s gross margin was 63.7% for the six months
ended 30 June 2026, representing a significant increase of 4.6 percentage points from 59.1% for the six months ended
30 June 2025. The significant increase in gross margin was due to the higher proportion of revenue from higher-margin
overseas sales and orthopedic robots, and the decrease in production costs of certain major products.

Other Income, Net

Other income for the six months ended 30 June 2026 was approximately RMB6.1 million, representing a decrease of
approximately RMB12.2 million from approximately RMB18.3 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025. Other income
for the six months ended 30 June 2026 mainly represents government subsidy income and grants for research and
development projects received.




                                                                                                       Interim Report 2026     17
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Selling and Distribution Expenses

     The selling and distribution expenses were approximately RMB121.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026,
     representing an increase of approximately 3.3% from approximately RMB117.3 million for the six months ended 30 June
     2025. The slight increase in selling and distribution expenses was mainly due to the increase in the Group’s domestic and
     international marketing activities this year.

     General and Administrative Expenses

     The general and administrative expenses amounted to approximately RMB79.3 million for the six months ended 30 June
     2026, representing an increase of approximately 2.5% from approximately RMB77.4 million for the six months ended 30
     June 2025. The increase was primarily due to an increase in relevant taxes arising from the increase in revenue.

     Research and Development Expenses

     The research and development expenses for the six months ended 30 June 2026 were approximately RMB72.9 million,
     representing an increase of approximately 9.3% from approximately RMB66.7 million for the six months ended 30 June
     2025. The increase was primarily related to the progress arrangements of the Company’s R&D projects. The Company
     will continue to actively invest in R&D, strengthen its R&D team, actively implement R&D projects, as well as develop new
     products.

     Net Finance Income

     The net finance income was approximately RMB9.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026, representing a decrease
     of approximately RMB10.0 million from approximately RMB19.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025. The
     decrease in finance income was primarily due to the combined effect of the decrease in interest income and the decrease in
     foreign exchange gain as a result of exchange rate movements.

     Income Tax Expenses

     The income tax expense was approximately RMB33.0 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026, representing an
     increase of approximately 26.4% from approximately RMB26.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025. The increase
     was primarily due to an increase in profit.

     Liquidity and Financial Resources

     The Group adopts a prudent fund management policy to maintain a solid and healthy financial position. The Group funds
     its operations principally from cash generated from its operations, equity financing from investors and bank loans. Its cash
     requirements relate primarily to production and operating activities, capital expenditures, interest and dividend payments,
     and repayment of liabilities as they become due.

     As at 30 June 2026, the Group had cash and cash equivalents of approximately RMB1,078.5 million, structured deposits
     of approximately RMB110.4 million, time deposits over three months of approximately RMB53.4 million, pledged
     deposits of approximately RMB3.1 million, amounting to approximately RMB1,245.4 million in aggregate, as compared
     with approximately RMB1,461.3 million as at 31 December 2025. The Group’s cash and cash equivalents were mainly
     denominated in RMB, US dollars and Hong Kong dollars. Bank loans were denominated in RMB. The Board’s approach to
     manage the liquidity of the Group is to ensure sufficient liquidity at any time to meet its matured liabilities so as to avoid any
     unacceptable losses or damage to the Group’s reputation.




18        AK Medical Holdings Limited
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Net Current Assets

The Group had net current assets of approximately RMB1,872.8 million as at 30 June 2026, representing a decrease of
approximately RMB169.2 million from approximately RMB2,042.0 million as at 31 December 2025. Such decrease primarily
represents the decrease in cash due to share repurchase expenditure of the Group in the first half of the year.

Foreign Exchange Exposure

The principal business of the Group is conducted in China. Foreign currency risks primarily include accounts receivables,
accounts payables and cash balances that are denominated in foreign currencies, i.e. a currency other than the functional
currency of the operations to which the transaction relates generating by overseas sales and purchases. The foreign
currencies giving rise to this risk are primarily US dollars, Hong Kong dollars and Euro. For the six months ended 30 June
2026, the Group recorded a net exchange gain of approximately RMB0.3 million, as compared to a net exchange gain
of approximately RMB5.3 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025. So far, the Group has not had any hedging
arrangements to manage foreign exchange risks and has not employed any financial instruments for hedging purposes, but
actively monitors and oversees such risks.


Capital Expenditure

For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group’s total capital expenditure amounted to approximately RMB49.2 million,
which was primarily used for (i) plant construction; (ii) purchase of patents; (iii) purchase of equipment, instruments and
software for manufacturing and R&D.


Charge of Assets/Pledge of Assets

As at 30 June 2026, the Group’s bank loans and bills payable were no longer secured by the Group’s property, plant and
equipment, bills receivable of approximately RMB6.3 million, time deposits over three months of approximately RMB9.0
million and pledged deposits for bills of approximately RMB3.1 million (as of 31 December 2025: property, plant and
equipment of approximately RMB81.2 million, pledged deposits for bank loans of approximately RMB200.0 million, bills
receivable of approximately RMB29.4 million and pledge deposits for bills of approximately RMB4.1 million), amounting to
approximately RMB18.4 million in aggregate (as of 31 December 2025: approximately RMB314.7 million). Other than the
above, the Group did not have any charge or pledge of assets.


Borrowings and Gearing Ratio

As at 30 June 2026, the balance of the Group’s short-term bank loans of approximately RMB0.9 million (as of 31 December
2025: approximately RMB72.0 million), which were repayable on demand within one year, and the balance of long-term
borrowings of approximately RMB4.7 million (as of 31 December 2025: approximately RMB5.2 million), which were
repayable on demand within four years, were mainly invested in the construction of the new plant and supplementing daily
working capital demand. All borrowings were denominated in RMB. The Group’s loan term was not more than four years,
and the borrowing rate was 2.5%-3.0%. Gearing ratio represents the percentage of bank borrowings to total equity. As of
30 June 2026, the gearing ratio of the Group was approximately 0.2% (as of 31 December 2025: approximately 2.6%).


Contingent Liabilities

As at 30 June 2026, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities (as at 31 December 2025: Nil).




                                                                                                        Interim Report 2026   19
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Significant Investments

     As at 31 December 2025:

     As at 31 December 2025, the balance of the Group’s other financial assets was approximately RMB851.9 million,
     comprising (i) wealth management products at fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”) with an aggregate carrying amount of
     approximately RMB847.2 million, and (ii) an unlisted equity instrument at FVPL of approximately RMB4.7 million. The wealth
     management products comprised principal-guaranteed, floating return structured time deposit products with maturities of
     six months or less, issued by licensed banks in the PRC, with counterparties comprising large PRC commercial banks. All
     such structured time deposit products were funded entirely from the Group’s own funds, and did not involve any proceeds
     from the initial public offering. Among these, the investments exceeding 5% of the Group’s total assets was in the wealth
     management products issued by Bank of Communications (“BOCOM”), a licensed bank in the PRC principally engaged in
     the provision of corporate and personal banking and other financial services in the PRC. Further details are as follows:

                                                                                                                      Realised
                                                                                     Fair value/                      interests      Unrealised         Interest
                                                                                 carrying value Percentage to           income     gains on fair        Income
                                                                                  of the wealth   the Group’s      recognized     value change         received
     Name of the issuer                                                           management      total assets      during the           for the      during the
     of the wealth                                                     Initial   Products as of          as at     year ended       year ended       year ended
     management                Name of the wealth                investment       31 December 31 December        31 December      31 December      31 December
     products                  management Products                      cost               2025           2025             2025            2025            2025
                                                                   (RMB’000)          (RMB’000)                      (RMB’000)        (RMB’000)       (RMB’000)


     BOCOM                     Bank of Communications                 50,000            50,353          1.37%                –              353               –
                                 Yuntong Wealth Structured
                                 Time Deposit 136 Days (linked
                                 to a bullish gold price)
     BOCOM                     Bank of Communications                 50,000            50,318          1.37%                –              318               –
                                 Yuntong Wealth Structured
                                 Time Deposit 133 Days (linked
                                 to a bullish gold price)
     BOCOM                     Bank of Communications                 50,000            50,254          1.37%                –              254               –
                                 Yuntong Wealth Structured
                                 Time Deposit 136 Days (linked
                                 to a bullish gold price)
     BOCOM                     Bank of Communications                 50,000            50,254          1.37%                –              254               –
                                 Yuntong Wealth Structured
                                 Time Deposit 136 Days (linked
                                 to a bullish gold price)




20         AK Medical Holdings Limited
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




                                                                                                            Realised
                                                                           Fair value/                      interests      Unrealised         Interest
                                                                       carrying value Percentage to           income     gains on fair        Income
                                                                        of the wealth   the Group’s      recognized     value change         received
Name of the issuer                                                      management      total assets      during the           for the      during the
of the wealth                                                Initial   Products as of          as at     year ended       year ended       year ended
management           Name of the wealth                investment       31 December 31 December        31 December      31 December      31 December
products             management Products                      cost               2025           2025             2025            2025            2025
                                                         (RMB’000)          (RMB’000)                      (RMB’000)        (RMB’000)       (RMB’000)


BOCOM                Bank of Communications                 50,000            50,237          1.37%                –              237               –
                       Yuntong Wealth Structured
                       Time Deposit 108 Days (linked
                       to a bullish gold price)
BOCOM                Bank of Communications                 50,000            50,140          1.37%                –              140               –
                       Yuntong Wealth Structured
                       Time Deposit 129 Days (linked
                       to a bullish gold price)
BOCOM                Bank of Communications                 50,000            50,129          1.37%                –              129               –
                       Yuntong Wealth Structured
                       Time Deposit 138 Days (linked
                       to a bullish gold price)
BOCOM                Bank of Communications                 50,000            50,088          1.37%                –               88               –
                       Yuntong Wealth Structured
                       Time Deposit 137 Days (linked
                       to a bullish gold price)
BOCOM                Bank of Communications                 50,000            50,075          1.37%                –               75               –
                       Yuntong Wealth Structured
                       Time Deposit 140 Days (linked
                       to a bullish gold price)
BOCOM                Bank of Communications                 50,000            50,044          1.37%                –               44               –
                       Yuntong Wealth Structured
                       Time Deposit 150 Days (linked
                       to a bullish gold price)
BOCOM                Bank of Communications                 50,000            50,028          1.37%                –               28               –
                       Yuntong Wealth Structured
                       Time Deposit 157 Days (linked
                       to a bullish gold price)
BOCOM                Bank of Communications                 50,000            50,005          1.37%                –                5               –
                       Yuntong Wealth Structured
                       Time Deposit 142 Days (linked
                       to a bullish gold price)
BOCOM                Bank of Communications                 50,000            50,005          1.37%                –                5               –
                       Yuntong Wealth Structured
                       Time Deposit 161 Days (linked
                       to a bullish gold price)
Total                                                      650,000           651,930         17.80%                –            1,930               –




                                                                                                                             Interim Report 2026         21
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Details of the subscription dates, product names, subscription amounts, estimated annualised yields, maturity dates,
     product types and outstanding status of each of these wealth management products (subscribed since the year ended 31
     December 2018 up to the period ended 12 June 2026) are set out in the Company’s announcement dated 12 June 2026.

     Apart from the wealth management products issued by BOCOM mentioned above, the remaining wealth management
     products, amounting to approximately RMB195.2 million were issued by China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. and Shanghai
     Pudong Development Bank Co., Ltd.

     The Group’s investment activities in wealth management products form parts of the ordinary course of its treasury
     management activities, undertaken with a view to maximising the utilisation of its surplus cash generated from business
     operations and achieving balanced yields whilst maintaining high liquidity and a low level of risk. The Group has adopted
     a stringent cash management policy, pursuant to which it continuously monitors the credit ratings, capital adequacy ratios
     and regulatory qualifications of the issuing banks, ensures that the tenor of each deposit or product does not exceed one
     year, and conducts quarterly reviews of the credit risk of its counterparty banks to safeguard the safety and liquidity of the
     Group’s funds. Such investment activities are ancillary to, and do not alter the focus of, the Group’s principal business of
     designing, developing, producing and marketing orthopedic implants and related products. Having regard to, among other
     matters, the low risk profile of the relevant structured time deposit products and their expected rates of return, the Directors
     consider that these investments provide the Group with more favourable returns than those generally available on deposits
     with commercial banks, thereby contributing to an increase in the Group’s overall earnings.

     The Group has carefully assessed each of the subscriptions and classified them as relatively low risk. Having considered
     comparable products available in the market and their prevailing rates of return, the Group is of the view that the terms
     of the subscriptions are fair and reasonable and in the overall best interests of the Company and its shareholders (the
     “Shareholders”). The Group has closely and effectively monitored and managed the subscriptions and will continue to
     do so. The Group has put in place adequate and appropriate internal control procedures to ensure that the subscriptions
     do not adversely affect its working capital or operations, and that all such investments are conducted on the principle of
     protecting the overall interests of the Company and the Shareholders.

     In addition, the Company has implemented a treasury and investment policy which governs the Group’s investments. The
     key features of this policy include the following:

     (i)     investments should only be undertaken where the Group has surplus cash which is not required for short-term
             working capital purposes in the next one to three months;

     (ii)    the types of investment are limited to low-risk wealth management products, including but not limited to:

             (a)    term deposits with registered banks and bank negotiable instruments (such as certificates of deposit and mutual
                    funds readily convertible to cash);

             (b)    structured time deposit products that are placed with licensed banks with interest rates linked to the market
                    price of underlying financial instruments; and

             (c)    money market funds which must be authorised by the relevant regulatory authorities;

     (iii)   criteria for selecting investments to be considered by members of the Company’s senior management shall include,
             but not be limited to, liquidity, risk and expected yield. The investment shall be low risk and provide a reasonable
             return on surplus funds while maintaining liquidity; and




22           AK Medical Holdings Limited
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




(iv)   investments are limited to a short-term horizon of not more than one year, in order to maintain liquidity and financial
       flexibility, and are non-speculative in nature.

The Company may, in order to further reduce risks, also seek (a) investments that provide guaranteed principal; and
(b) short-term investments in money market funds and other low-risk wealth management products that provide higher
investment returns than fixed-rate returns from cash deposits at commercial banks. The Company may update its treasury
and investment policy from time to time in accordance with the development of the Group.

The unlisted equity instrument at FVPL, with a carrying amount of approximately RMB4.7 million, represented a strategic
investment made by the Group during the financial year ended 31 December 2021 in a European incubator company
engaged in the development of orthopedic products. The investment enables the Group to extend its product pipeline
from end-stage joint replacement products to early-to-mid-stage cartilage repair, thereby achieving full lifecycle coverage of
products addressing joint diseases, and to leverage the investee’s clinical and regulatory channels in Europe to accelerate
the Group’s expansion into overseas markets.

Save for the wealth management products and the unlisted equity instrument described above, no other single investment
designated as a financial asset at FVPL in the Group’s investment portfolio is a significant investment, as none of such
investments has a carrying amount that accounts for 5% or more of the Group’s total assets as at 31 December 2025.

As at 30 June 2026:

As at 30 June 2026, the Group did not hold any significant investments, including any investment in an investee company
with a value of 5% or more of the Group’s total assets.

Future Plans for Material Investments and Capital Assets

As at 30 June 2026, the Group has no plans for material investments and capital assets.

Employee and Remuneration Policy

As at 30 June 2026, the Group had 1,004 employees (as at 30 June 2025: 1,003 employees). Total staff remuneration
expenses including Directors’ remuneration for the six months ended 30 June 2026 amounted to approximately RMB135.2
million (for the six months ended 30 June 2025: approximately RMB131.8 million). The modest increase in staff remuneration
expenses was mainly due to remuneration adjustments and adjustments to social security and provident fund bases.

Remuneration is determined with reference to performance, skills, qualifications and experience of the employees concerned
and in accordance with the prevailing industry practice. In addition to salary payments, other staff benefits include social
insurance and housing provident fund provided by the Group, performance-based compensation as well as bonus and
share option schemes.

Material Acquisitions and Disposals of Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint Ventures

During the Reporting Period, there was no material acquisition or disposal of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures by
the Group.

Subsequent Events

On 23 July 2026, the Company offered to grant 355,000 share options to five selected eligible persons (the “Share
Option Grantees”) under the share option scheme adopted by the Company on 17 November 2017 to subscribe for an
aggregate of 355,000 Shares. The exercise price of share options is HK$5.85 per Share, and 50% of the share options
are scheduled to vest on 23 July 2027 and the remaining 50% are scheduled to vest on 23 July 2028, subject to the
achievement or attainment of certain performance targets by the Company and the respective Share Option Grantees. In
addition, the Company also offered to grant 1,260,000 awarded shares to 60 selected participants (the “Awarded Share
Grantees”) under the share award scheme adopted by the Company on 8 December 2020, representing a total estimated
value of HK$7,068,600, and 50% of the awarded shares are scheduled to vest on 23 July 2027 and the remaining 50%
are scheduled to vest on 23 July 2028, subject to the achievement or attainment of certain performance targets by the
Company and the respective Awarded Share Grantees. For details of the grant of the share options and the awarded
shares, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 23 July 2026 and 28 July 2026, respectively.


                                                                                                         Interim Report 2026     23
     REVIEW REPORT




     Review report to the board of directors of AK Medical Holdings Limited
     (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

     INTRODUCTION
     We have reviewed the interim financial report set out on pages 25 to 41 which comprises the consolidated statement
     of financial position of AK Medical Holdings Limited (the “Company”) as of 30 June 2026 and the related consolidated
     statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income and consolidated statement of changes in equity and
     condensed consolidated cash flow statement for the six-month period then ended, and explanatory notes. The Rules
     Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require the preparation of an interim
     financial report to be in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof and International Accounting Standard 34 Interim
     financial reporting as issued by International Accounting Standards Board. The directors are responsible for the preparation
     and presentation of the interim financial report in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34.

     Our responsibility is to express a conclusion, based on our review, on the interim financial report and to report our
     conclusion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do
     not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


     SCOPE OF REVIEW
     We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410, Review of interim
     financial information performed by the independent auditor of the entity, as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
     Public Accountants. A review of interim financial report consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for
     financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope
     than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to
     obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly we
     do not express an audit opinion.


     CONCLUSION
     Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim financial report as at 30
     June 2026 is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34 Interim financial
     reporting.




     KPMG
     Certified Public Accountants
     8th Floor, Prince’s Building
     10 Chater Road
     Central, Hong Kong

     26 August 2026




24        AK Medical Holdings Limited
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
for the six months ended 30 June 2026 – unaudited
(Expressed in Renminbi (“RMB”))


                                                                                        Six months ended 30 June
                                                                         Note                  2026                    2025
                                                                                            RMB’000                 RMB’000

Revenue                                                                    3                  764,725                 694,227
Cost of sales                                                                                (277,284)               (283,892)

Gross profit                                                                                  487,441                 410,335
Other income, net                                                                               6,140                   18,263
Selling and distribution expenses                                                            (121,196)               (117,297)
General and administrative expenses                                                           (79,288)                 (77,386)
Research and development expenses                                                             (72,904)                 (66,701)

Operating profit                                                                             220,193                  167,214
Net finance income                                                         5                   9,525                   19,457

Profit before taxation                                                     4                 229,718                  186,671
Income tax                                                                 6                 (33,001)                  (26,060)

Profit for the period                                                                        196,717                  160,611

Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company                                    196,717                  160,611

Other comprehensive income items that are or
  may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
Exchange differences on translation of financial statements of
  entities outside the Chinese Mainland                                                       (16,714)                   2,648

Other comprehensive income, net of tax                                                        (16,714)                   2,648

Total comprehensive income                                                                   180,003                  163,259

Total comprehensive income attributable to equity
  shareholders of the Company                                                                180,003                  163,259

Earnings per share
  Basic                                                                   7(a)           RMB0.1768               RMB0.1439
  Diluted                                                                 7(b)           RMB0.1766               RMB0.1435




The notes on pages 30 to 41 form part of this interim financial report. Details of dividends payable to equity shareholders of
the Company are set out in note 14(b).


                                                                                                         Interim Report 2026      25
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
     at 30 June 2026 – unaudited
     (Expressed in RMB)




                                                                                      At 30 June   At 31 December
                                                                               Note         2026             2025
                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000

     Non-current assets
     Property, plant and equipment                                              8       690,880          699,739
     Intangible assets                                                                   82,507           81,131
     Goodwill                                                                           113,411          113,411
     Deferred tax assets                                                                 66,752           68,500

                                                                                        953,550          962,781

     Current assets
     Inventories                                                                9        470,374         459,218
     Trade receivables                                                         10        739,720         627,655
     Bills receivables                                                         10         41,783          66,508
     Deposits, prepayments and other receivables                                          86,943          80,504
     Other financial assets                                                    15        114,919         851,915
     Time deposits and restricted cash                                                    56,478         256,934
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                 11      1,078,539         357,231

                                                                                       2,588,756        2,699,965

     Current liabilities
     Trade payables                                                            12       153,619          138,812
     Bills payable                                                                       65,335           58,294
     Contract liabilities                                                                68,646           85,723
     Accruals and other payables                                                        405,695          278,728
     Bank loans                                                                13           949           71,958
     Lease liabilities                                                                    3,483            4,985
     Current taxation                                                                    18,202           19,442

                                                                                        715,929          657,942

     Net current assets                                                                1,872,827        2,042,023

     Total assets less current liabilities                                             2,826,377        3,004,804




     The notes on pages 30 to 41 form part of this interim financial report.


26        AK Medical Holdings Limited
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
at 30 June 2026 – unaudited
(Expressed in RMB)




                                                                                  At 30 June      At 31 December
                                                                          Note          2026                2025
                                                                                   RMB’000               RMB’000

Non-current liabilities
Deferred income                                                                      17,607                  18,885
Other payables                                                                        7,500                   7,372
Lease liabilities                                                                     3,754                   4,273
Bank loans                                                                 13         4,743                   5,218
Deferred tax liabilities                                                             38,478                  56,142

                                                                                     72,082                  91,890

NET ASSETS                                                                         2,754,295             2,912,914

Capital and reserves
Share capital                                                             14(a)        9,534                 9,528
Reserves                                                                           2,744,761             2,903,386

Total equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company                    2,754,295             2,912,914

TOTAL EQUITY                                                                       2,754,295             2,912,914




The notes on pages 30 to 41 form part of this interim financial report.


                                                                                               Interim Report 2026    27
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
     for the six months ended 30 June 2026 – unaudited
     (Expressed in RMB)




                                                                                Shares held                              Share-
                                                                                  for share                              based
                                                              Share       Share      award      Treasury     Capital   payment     Exchange     Retained         Total
                                                  Note       capital   premium     scheme         shares     reserve    reserve      reserve      profits       equity
                                                            RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000

     Balance at 1 January 2025                                 9,515    966,520      (48,692)          –      55,174     15,181       17,332    1,623,156     2,638,186
     Total comprehensive income for the period                     –          –            –           –           –          –        2,648      160,611       163,259
     Equity settled share-based transactions                       –          –            –           –           –      3,816            –             –         3,816
     Shares issued under share option scheme                       –        838            –           –           –       (734)           –             –           104
     Unlock of restricted shares                                   –       (598)       1,335           –           –       (737)           –             –             –
     Dividends declared                           14(b)            –          –            –           –           –          –            –       (73,898)      (73,898)

     Balance at 30 June 2025                                   9,515    966,760      (47,357)          –      55,174     17,526       19,980    1,709,869     2,731,467

     Balance at 1 January 2026                                 9,528    968,648     (41,033)           –      55,174     15,750       16,493    1,888,354     2,912,914
     Total comprehensive income for the period                     –          –           –            –           –          –      (16,714)     196,717       180,003
     Equity settled share-based transactions     14(d)(e)          –          –           –            –           –      1,934            –            –         1,934
     Shares issued under share option scheme      14(d)            6      3,786           –            –           –     (1,910)           –            –         1,882
     Unlock of restricted shares                  14(e)            –     (2,452)      6,106            –           –     (3,654)           –            –             –
     Shares repurchased for cancellation          14(c)            –          –           –      (82,219)          –          –            –            –       (82,219)
     Shares repurchased as treasury shares        14(c)            –          –           –     (147,952)          –          –            –            –      (147,952)
     Dividends declared                           14(b)            –          –           –            –           –          –            –     (112,267)     (112,267)

     Balance at 30 June 2026                                   9,534    969,982     (34,927)    (230,171)     55,174     12,120         (221)   1,972,804     2,754,295




     The notes on pages 30 to 41 form part of this interim financial report.


28           AK Medical Holdings Limited
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
for the six months ended 30 June 2026 – unaudited
(Expressed in RMB)




                                                                          Six months ended 30 June
                                                                               2026                    2025
                                                                            RMB’000                 RMB’000

Operating activities
Cash generated from operations                                               209,266                  232,294
Income tax paid                                                              (27,964)                  (28,911)

Net cash generated from operating activities                                 181,302                  203,383

Investing activities
Acquisition of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets            (49,180)                 (76,629)
Uplift of wealth management products                                        1,268,473               1,038,044
Placement of wealth management products                                      (527,000)             (1,173,000)
Uplift of time deposits                                                       227,281                   26,750
Placement time deposits                                                       (42,980)                 (53,000)
Other cash flows arising from investing activities                              4,011                    2,676

Net cash generated from/(used in) investing activities                       880,605                 (235,159)

Financing activities
Capital element of lease rentals paid                                          (2,604)                   (7,160)
Interest element of lease rentals paid                                           (101)                     (333)
Proceeds from bank loans                                                            –                   78,885
Repayments of bank loans                                                      (71,113)                 (15,152)
Interest on bank loans paid                                                    (1,028)                   (1,321)
Proceeds from equity settled share-based payment                                1,882                       104
Purchase of own shares                                                       (208,146)                        –
Other cash flows arising from financing activities                            (43,875)                        –

Net cash (used in)/generated from financing activities                       (324,985)                 55,023

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                    736,922                   23,247
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January                                       357,231                  352,173
Effect of movements in exchange rates on cash held                           (15,614)                    (356)

Cash and cash equivalents at 30 June                                        1,078,539                 375,064




The notes on pages 30 to 41 form part of this interim financial report.


                                                                                         Interim Report 2026       29
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
     (Expressed in RMB’000 unless otherwise indicated)




     1    BASIS OF PREPARATION
          This interim financial report has been prepared in accordance with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules
          Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, including compliance with
          International Accounting Standard (“IAS”) 34, Interim financial reporting, issued by the International Accounting
          Standards Board (“IASB”). It was authorised for issue on 26 August 2026.

          The interim financial report has been prepared in accordance with the same accounting policies adopted in the 2025
          annual financial statements, except for the accounting policy changes that are expected to be reflected in the 2026
          annual financial statements. Details of any changes in accounting policies are set out in note 2.

          The preparation of an interim financial report in conformity with IAS 34 requires management to make judgements,
          estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income
          and expenses on a year-to-date basis. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

          This interim financial report contains condensed consolidated financial statements and selected explanatory notes.
          The notes include an explanation of events and transactions that are significant to an understanding of the changes
          in financial position and performance of the Group since the 2025 annual financial statements. The condensed
          consolidated interim financial statements and notes thereon do not include all of the information required for full set of
          financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards.

          The interim financial report is unaudited, but has been reviewed by KPMG in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on
          Review Engagements 2410, Review of interim financial information performed by the independent auditor of the entity,
          issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. KPMG’s independent review report to the Board of
          Directors is included on page 24.


     2    CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          The Group has applied the amendments to IFRS 9, Financial instruments and IFRS 7, Financial instruments:
          Disclosures – Amendments to the classification and measurement of financial instruments . The amendments do not
          have a material impact on these financial statements.

          The Group has not applied any new standard or interpretation that is not yet effective for the current accounting
          period.




30       AK Medical Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
(Expressed in RMB’000 unless otherwise indicated)




3    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
     (a)   Revenue

           The principal activities of the Group are manufacturing and sale of orthopedic joint implants, spinal implants,
           trauma implants and their complete set of surgical instruments.

           Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by major products is as follows:

                                                                                                                  Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                         2026                 2025
                                                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000

           Revenue from contracts with customers within the scope of IFRS 15
           Disaggregated by major products of service lines
           – Hip replacement implants                                                                                     423,934            409,675
           – Knee replacement implants                                                                                    229,792            194,489
           – Spinal and trauma implants                                                                                    39,488             50,732
           – Digital orthopedics products and intelligent equipment                                                        44,700             18,424
           – Others (i)                                                                                                    26,811             20,907

                                                                                                                          764,725            694,227

           Disaggregated by geographical location of customers
           – China                                                                                                        583,116            566,019
           – United Kingdom                                                                                                33,944             33,095
           – Other countries                                                                                              147,665             95,113

                                                                                                                          764,725            694,227

           (i)   Others primarily include surgical instruments, medical irrigators and third party orthopedic products.


           The Group’s customers with whom transactions have exceeded 10% of the Group’s revenue are set out below:

                                                                                                                  Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                         2026                 2025
                                                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000

           Customer A                                                                                                      85,485            131,266




                                                                                                                                Interim Report 2026    31
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
     (Expressed in RMB’000 unless otherwise indicated)




     3    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
          (b)   Information about profit or loss, assets and liabilities

                The Group manages its businesses by geographical location in which the entities operate. In a manner
                consistent with the way in which information is reported internally to the Group’s most senior executive
                management for the purposes of resource allocation and performance assessment, the Group has identified two
                reportable segments. No operating segments have been aggregated to form the following reportable segments:

                                                       Orthopedic implants –   Orthopedic implants –
                                                              China               United Kingdom                  Total
                For the six months ended 30 June          2026         2025       2026         2025           2026           2025
                                                       RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000

                Revenue from external customers          694,543     630,327      70,182      63,900        764,725       694,227
                Inter-segment revenue                      2,079       1,029      19,816      19,340         21,895        20,369

                Reportable segment revenue               696,622     631,356      89,998      83,240        786,620       714,596

                Reportable segment profit                225,323     182,840       5,959       3,211        231,282       186,051

                As at 30 June/31 December
                Reportable segment assets              3,215,834   2,580,643    169,969      173,996      3,385,803   2,754,639
                Additions to non-current assets
                  during the period                       50,388     119,341       1,942       3,834         52,330       123,175
                Reportable segment liabilities           727,482     664,983      19,093      21,573        746,575       686,556


                The measure used for reportable segment profit is “reportable segment profit before taxation”.

          (c)   Reconciliations of reportable segment profit or loss

                                                                                               Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                      2026               2025
                                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000

                Reportable segment profit                                                              231,282            186,051
                Elimination of inter-segment (profit)/loss                                              (1,564)               620

                Consolidated profit before taxation                                                    229,718            186,671


     4    PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION
          Profit before taxation is arrived at after charging:

                                                                                               Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                      2026               2025
                                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000

          Amortisation cost of intangible assets                                                        13,039             11,528
          Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                 44,584             41,834
          Impairment losses on trade receivables                                                        11,258             12,978
          Cost of inventories                                                                          267,201            280,347


32       AK Medical Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
(Expressed in RMB’000 unless otherwise indicated)




5    NET FINANCE INCOME
     Net finance income is arrived after crediting/(charging):

                                                                                          Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                2026                2025
                                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000

     Interest income from bank deposits and
        investments in wealth management products                                                9,957              15,083
     Foreign exchange gain                                                                         326               5,335
     Interest on bank loans                                                                       (657)               (628)
     Interest on lease liabilities                                                                (101)               (333)

                                                                                                 9,525              19,457


6    INCOME TAX
                                                                                          Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                2026                2025
                                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000

     Current tax                                                                                26,724              23,173
     Deferred tax                                                                                6,277               2,887

                                                                                                33,001              26,060


     Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Cayman Islands, the Group is not subject to any income tax in the
     Cayman Islands.

     The Group has no assessable profit in Hong Kong during the reporting period and is not subject to any Hong Kong
     profits tax. Hong Kong profits tax rate during the relevant periods is 16.5%. The payments of dividends by Hong Kong
     companies are not subject to any Hong Kong withholding tax.

     Taxation on profits outside Hong Kong has been calculated on the estimated assessable profits for the six months
     ended 30 June 2026 at the rates of taxation prevailing in the countries in which the Group operates.

     Applicable statutory enterprise income tax rate of PRC subsidiaries of the Company for the six months ended 30 June
     2026 are 25% (six months ended 30 June 2025: 25%). According to the relevant PRC income tax law, the Company’s
     subsidiaries, Beijing AKEC Medical Co., Ltd. (“AK Medical Beijing”), ITI Medical Co., Ltd. (“ITI Medical”) and Beijing
     Libeier Bio-engineering Institute Co., Ltd. (“Libeier”) were certified as New and High Technology Enterprises, and are
     entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15%.

     Taxation for subsidiaries operating mainly in the England and Wales were calculated at statutory enterprise income tax
     rate of 19% for the six months ended 30 June 2026 (six months ended 30 June 2025: 19%).

     According to the Income Tax Law and its implementation rules, dividends receivable by non-PRC resident investors
     from PRC entities are subject to withholding tax at 10%, unless reduced by tax treaties or arrangements, for profit
     earned since 1 January 2008. AK Medical International Limited and Bright AK Limited, subsidiaries of the Company,
     are subject to PRC dividend withholding tax at 10% on dividends receivables from the PRC subsidiaries.

     Given that the Group’s full-year revenue is less than Euro dollars 750,000,000 (approximately RMB6,000,000,000),
     the Group is not subject to the Global Anti-Base Erosion Model Rules (“Pillar Two model rules”) published by the
     Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development. Consequently, the Group has not recognised any current
     tax relating to the Pillar Two model rules.

                                                                                                      Interim Report 2026     33
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
     (Expressed in RMB’000 unless otherwise indicated)




     7    EARNINGS PER SHARE
          (a)   Basic earnings per share

                The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on the profit attributable to ordinary equity shareholders
                of the Company of RMB196,717,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025: RMB160,611,000) and the weighted
                average of 1,112,421,660 ordinary shares (six months ended 30 June 2025: 1,116,429,570 shares) in issue
                during the reporting period.

                Weighted average number of ordinary shares

                                                                                               Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                       2026               2025

                Issued ordinary shares at 1 January                                           1,123,920,264     1,122,671,437
                Effect of issue of shares under the Company’s share option
                   scheme (note 14(d))                                                               341,975           132,735
                Effect of shares held for share award scheme (note 14(e))                         (4,950,168)       (6,374,602)
                Effect of shares repurchased (note 14(c))                                         (6,890,411)                –

                Weighted average number of ordinary shares at 30 June                         1,112,421,660     1,116,429,570


          (b)   Diluted earnings per share

                The calculation of diluted earnings per share is based on the profit attributable to ordinary equity shareholders
                of the Company of RMB196,717,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025: RMB160,611,000) and the weighted
                average of 1,113,675,709 ordinary shares (six months ended 30 June 2025: 1,119,215,739 shares).

                Weighted average number of ordinary shares (diluted)

                                                                                               Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                       2026               2025

                Weighted average number of ordinary shares at 30 June                         1,112,421,660     1,116,429,570
                Effect of deemed issue of shares under the Company’s equity
                   settled share-based transactions (note 14(d)(e))                               1,254,049          2,786,169

                Weighted average number of ordinary shares (diluted) at 30 June               1,113,675,709     1,119,215,739


     8    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
          Acquisitions of owned assets

          During the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group acquired items of property, plant and machinery with a total
          cost of RMB36,920,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025: RMB62,864,000).

          As at 30 June 2026, the Group’s bank loans and bills payable were no longer secured by the Group’s property, plant
          and equipment (31 December 2025: bank loans of RMB5,692,000 and bills payable of RMB24,912,000 were secured
          by the Group’s property, plant and equipment with aggregate carrying amount of RMB81,245,000).




34       AK Medical Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
(Expressed in RMB’000 unless otherwise indicated)




9    INVENTORIES
                                                                                        At 30 June        At 31 December
                                                                                              2026                  2025
                                                                                         RMB’000                 RMB’000

     Raw materials                                                                          110,005                 113,417
     Work in progress                                                                        84,505                  83,463
     Finished goods                                                                         275,864                 262,338

                                                                                            470,374                 459,218


10 TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES
                                                                                        At 30 June        At 31 December
                                                                                              2026                  2025
                                                                                         RMB’000                 RMB’000

     Bills receivables                                                                       41,783                  66,508

     Trade receivables                                                                      837,445                 716,281
     Less: allowance for credit loss                                                        (97,725)                 (88,626)

                                                                                            739,720                 627,655


     As at 30 June 2026, approximately RMB6,300,000 (31 December 2025: RMB29,383,000) of bills receivable was
     pledged for bills payable.

     Ageing analysis

     Bills receivable are bank acceptance bill received from customers, with expiration dates within 6 months.

     As of the end of the reporting period, the ageing analysis of trade receivables, based on the invoice date (or date of
     revenue recognition, if earlier) and net of loss allowance, is as follows:

                                                                                        At 30 June        At 31 December
                                                                                              2026                  2025
                                                                                         RMB’000                 RMB’000

     Current to 3 months                                                                    479,705                 427,175
     4 to 6 months                                                                          104,229                  69,237
     7 to 12 months                                                                          96,686                  83,095
     Over 12 months                                                                          59,100                  48,148

     Trade receivables, net of loss allowance                                               739,720                 627,655


     The credit terms agreed with commercial customers were normally ranged from 1 month to 1 year from the date of
     billing. No interest is charged on the trade receivables.




                                                                                                       Interim Report 2026      35
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
     (Expressed in RMB’000 unless otherwise indicated)




     11 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
                                                                                               At 30 June       At 31 December
                                                                                                     2026                 2025
                                                                                                RMB’000                RMB’000

          Cash at banks                                                                         1,078,536                357,229
          Cash on hand                                                                                  3                      2

          Cash and cash equivalents                                                             1,078,539                357,231


     12 TRADE PAYABLES
          As of the end of the reporting period, the ageing analysis of trade payables, based on the invoice date, is as follows:

                                                                                               At 30 June       At 31 December
                                                                                                     2026                 2025
                                                                                                RMB’000                RMB’000

          Within 3 months                                                                         126,352                107,183
          4 to 6 months                                                                            20,126                 23,549
          7 to 12 months                                                                            4,284                  2,605
          Over 12 months                                                                            2,857                  5,475

                                                                                                  153,619                138,812


          All trade payables are expected to be settled within one year.


     13 BANK LOANS
                                                                                               At 30 June       At 31 December
                                                                                                     2026                 2025
                                                                                                RMB’000                RMB’000

          Current
          Secured bank loans                                                                             –                18,239
          Unsecured bank loans                                                                         949                53,719

                                                                                                       949                71,958

          Non-current
          Secured bank loans                                                                             –                 5,218
          Unsecured bank loans                                                                       4,743                     –

                                                                                                     4,743                 5,218

                                                                                                     5,692                77,176


          As at 30 June 2026, there were no bank loans secured by pledged deposits of the Group (31 December 2025: bank
          loans of RMB17,765,000 secured by pledged deposits of US$28,446,000 (approximately RMB200,087,000)).




36       AK Medical Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
(Expressed in RMB’000 unless otherwise indicated)




14 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS
     (a)   Share capital

                                                                      2026                               2025
                                                          No. of shares         Amount       No. of shares             Amount
                                                                               RMB’000                                RMB’000

           Authorised ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each:
           At 1 January and 30 June                      20,000,000,000         168,981    20,000,000,000              168,981

           Ordinary shares, issued and fully paid:
           At 1 January                                   1,123,920,264           9,528     1,122,671,437                9,515
           Shares issued under share option scheme              696,436               6            24,341                    –

           At 30 June                                     1,124,616,700           9,534     1,122,695,778                9,515


     (b)   Dividends

           Dividends payable to equity shareholders attributable to the previous financial year, approved during the interim
           period

                                                                                          Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                 2026                 2025
                                                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000

           Final dividend in respect of the previous financial year, approved during
              the following interim period, of HK$11.8 cents per ordinary share
              (2025: HK$7.2 cents per ordinary share)                                          112,171                73,717


     (c)   Treasury shares

           During the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Company repurchased 32,260,000 ordinary shares from open
           market at the total consideration of HKD170,180,600 (approximately RMB147,952,000) as treasury shares,
           and repurchased 15,562,000 ordinary shares from open market at the total consideration of HKD93,886,460
           (approximately RMB82,219,000) for cancellation.

     (d)   Share option schemes

           On 30 June 2026, the Group had the following share-based transactions arrangements.

           (i)   Pre-IPO share option scheme adopted on 17 November 2017 (“Pre-IPO Share
                 Option Scheme”)

                 On 17 November 2017, 36,000,000 share options were granted at a consideration of HK$1.00 for each
                 grantee to employees of the Group under the Company’s Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme. Each option
                 gives the holder the right to subscribe for one ordinary share of the Company. These share options
                 will vest in four equal batches and the grantees shall be entitled to exercise, on the first business day
                 immediately following 1 May 2018 until 16 November 2027, if certain performance conditions are met. The
                 exercise price is HK$1.34.




                                                                                                        Interim Report 2026      37
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
     (Expressed in RMB’000 unless otherwise indicated)




     14 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (Continued)
          (d)   Share option schemes (Continued)

                (i)    Pre-IPO share option scheme adopted on 17 November 2017 (“Pre-IPO Share
                       Option Scheme”) (Continued)

                        During the six months ended 30 June 2026, a total of 350,000 share options (six months ended 30
                        June 2025: nil) were exercised at an exercise price of HKD1.34 per share, resulting in an increase in
                        share capital of RMB3,000 and an increase in share premium of RMB409,000, with RMB198,000 being
                        transferred from share-based payment reserve to share premium.

                        No share options (six months ended 30 June 2025: nil) were forfeited during the six months ended 30
                        June 2026.

                (ii) Share option scheme adopted on 17 November 2017 (“Share Option Scheme”)

                        In March 2022, 8,582,362 share options at a fair value of RMB19,930,000 were granted at a consideration
                        of HK$1.00 for each grantee to employees of the Group under the Company’s Share Option Scheme.
                        Each option gives the holder the right to subscribe for one ordinary share of the Company. These share
                        options will vest in four batches and the grantees shall be entitled to exercise, on 31 March 2023 until 30
                        March 2032, if certain performance conditions are met. The exercise price is HK$4.66.

                        In April 2023, 1,699,036 share options at a fair value of RMB8,800,000 were granted at a consideration of
                        HK$1.00 for each grantee to employees of the Group under the Company’s Share Option Scheme. Each
                        option gives the holder the right to subscribe for one ordinary share of the Company. These share options
                        will vest in four batches and the grantees shall be entitled to exercise, on 11 April 2024 until 11 April 2033,
                        if certain performance conditions are met. The exercise price is HK$10.18.

                        Share options were granted under a service condition. This condition has not been taken into account
                        in the grant date fair value measurement of the services received. There were no market conditions
                        associated with the share option grants.

                        During the six months ended 30 June 2026, a total of 346,436 share options (six months ended 30 June
                        2025: 24,341) were exercised at an exercise price of HKD4.66 per share, resulting in an increase in share
                        capital of RMB3,000 and an increase in share premium of RMB1,467,000, with RMB1,712,000 being
                        transferred from share-based payment reserve to share premium. And 469,823 share options (six months
                        ended 30 June 2025: 247,623) were forfeited during the six months ended 30 June 2026.

                        Share option reserve will be transferred to reserve as and when such option are exercised or when they
                        expire or be forfeited.




38       AK Medical Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
(Expressed in RMB’000 unless otherwise indicated)




14 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (Continued)
     (e)   Shares held for share award scheme

           On 8 December 2020, the Company adopted a share award scheme (the “Share Award Scheme”), to
           recognise and reward the contribution of certain eligible participants to the growth and development of the
           Group through an award of the Company’s shares. The Share Award Scheme will be valid and effective for a
           period of 10 years commencing from 8 December 2020.

           The Company’s shares to be granted under the Share Award Scheme were purchased and held by a trustee.
           The maximum number of shares to be subscribed for and/or purchased by trustee for the purpose of the
           scheme shall not exceed 10% of the total number of issued shares as at the adoption date.

           In March 2022, the Company granted 838,784 shares to the Group’s executives and employees with a fair
           value of RMB3,106,000. The fair value of the employee services received in exchange for the grant of shares is
           recognised as staff costs in profit or loss with a corresponding increase in share-based payment reserve, which
           is measured based on the grant date share price of the Company, taking into account the discount due to the
           present value of dividends expected to be paid by 0.61% to 2.36%, where applicable. These shares unlock in
           four batches and the grantees shall be vested with such shares on each of 31 March 2023, 2024, 2025 and
           2026 for nil consideration if certain performance conditions are met.

           In July 2024, the Company granted 1,706,959 shares to the Group’s executives and employees with a fair
           value of RMB6,893,000. The fair value of the employee services received in exchange for the grant of shares is
           recognised as staff costs in profit or loss with a corresponding increase in share-based payment reserve, which
           is measured based on the grant date share price of the Company, taking into account the discount due to the
           present value of dividends expected to be paid by 4.33% to 4.80%, where applicable. These shares will unlock
           in two batches and the grantees shall be vested with such shares on each of 15 July 2025 and 11 April 2026 for
           nil consideration if certain performance conditions are met.

           During the six months ended 30 June 2026, a total of 799,316 restricted shares were unlocked, resulting in
           a transfer of RMB6,106,000 from shares held for share award scheme to share premium, and a transfer of
           RMB3,654,000 from the share-based payment reserve to share premium, the net effect was a reduction in
           share premium by RMB2,452,000. And 131,640 shares (six months ended 30 June 2025: 60,715) were forfeited
           during the six months ended 30 June 2026.




                                                                                                     Interim Report 2026     39
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
     (Expressed in RMB’000 unless otherwise indicated)




     15 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
          Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value

         Fair value hierarchy

          The following table presents the fair value of the Group’s financial instruments measured at the end of the reporting
          period on a recurring basis, categorised into the three-level fair value hierarchy as defined in IFRS 13, Fair value
          measurement . The level into which a fair value measurement is classified is determined with reference to the
          observability and significance of the inputs used in the valuation technique as follows:

          • Level 1 valuations:        Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs i.e. unadjusted quoted prices in active markets
                                       for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date

          • Level 2 valuations:        Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs i.e. observable inputs which fail to meet Level 1,
                                       and not using significant unobservable inputs. Unobservable inputs are inputs for which
                                       market data are not available

          • Level 3 valuations:        Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs

                                                                               Fair value measurements as at 30 June 2026
                                                              Fair value at
                                                                                             categorised into
                                                                   30 June
                                                                      2026          Level 1            Level 2           Level 3
                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000

          Recurring fair value measurement
          Financial assets:
          Other financial assets – investments in
             wealth management products
             at fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”)         110,412                  –          110,412                   –
          Other financial assets – investments in
             unlisted equity instrument at FVPL                      4,507                  –                  –            4,507

                                                                   114,919                  –          110,412              4,507


                                                                               Fair value measurements as at 31 December 2025
                                                              Fair value at
                                                                                                categorised into
                                                             31 December
                                                                      2025           Level 1           Level 2           Level 3
                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000

          Recurring fair value measurement
          Financial assets:
          Other financial assets – investments in
             wealth management products at FVPL                    847,198                  –          847,198                   –
          Other financial assets – investments in
             unlisted equity instrument at FVPL                      4,717                  –                  –            4,717

                                                                   851,915                  –          847,198              4,717


          During the six months ended 30 June 2025 and 2026, there were no changes in valuation techniques.




40       AK Medical Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
(Expressed in RMB’000 unless otherwise indicated)




16 COMMITMENTS
     Capital commitments outstanding as at 31 December 2025 and 30 June 2026 not provided for were as follows:

                                                                                    At 30 June       At 31 December
                                                                                          2026                 2025
                                                                                     RMB’000                RMB’000

     Contracted for acquisition of property, plant and equipment                          4,392                   2,453
     Authorised but not contracted for acquisition of property,
       plant and equipment                                                                3,737                   6,250

                                                                                          8,129                   8,703


17 MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
     There is no material related party transaction during the six months ended 30 June 2026 and 2025. No material
     amounts due from or to related parties were outstanding as at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025.


18 NON-ADJUSTING EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
     On 23 July 2026, the Company offered to grant 355,000 share options to five selected eligible persons (the “Share
     Option Grantees”) under the share option scheme adopted by the Company on 17 November 2017 to subscribe
     for an aggregate of 355,000 ordinary shares of the Company (the “Shares”). The exercise price of share options is
     HK$5.85 per share, and 50% of the share options are scheduled to vest on 23 July 2027 and the remaining 50%
     are scheduled to vest on 23 July 2028, subject to the achievement or attainment of certain performance targets by
     the Company and the respective Share Option Grantees. In addition, the Company also offered to grant 1,260,000
     awarded shares to 60 selected participants (the “Awarded Share Grantees”) under the share award scheme
     adopted by the Company on 8 December 2020, representing a total estimated value of HK$7,068,600, and 50% of
     the awarded shares are scheduled to vest on 23 July 2027 and the remaining 50% are scheduled to vest on 23 July
     2028, subject to the achievement or attainment of certain performance targets by the Company and the respective
     Awarded Share Grantees.




                                                                                                  Interim Report 2026     41
     OTHER INFORMATION


     DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN
     SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS
     ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS
     As at 30 June 2026, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the Shares,
     underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV
     of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) which were required (a) to be notified to the Company and the Hong
     Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which
     they are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or (b) to be and were entered in the register required
     to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or (c) as otherwise notified to the Company and the Hong
     Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model
     Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
     Limited (the “Listing Rules”), were as follows:

     Interest in the Shares or underlying Shares of the Company

                                                                                                                                              Approximate
                                                                                                                                             Percentage of
                                                                                                                   Number of            Shareholding in the
     Name of Directors                             Capacity/Nature of Interest                                    Shares (Note 1)           Company (Note 2)

     Mr. Li Zhijiang (Note 3)                      Founder of a discretionary trust                            505,157,500 (L)                           44.92%
                                                   Interest of spouse                                           10,125,000 (L)                            0.90%

     Ms. Zhang Bin (Note 4)                        Interest of controlled corporation                           10,125,000 (L)                            0.90%
                                                   Interest of spouse                                          505,157,500 (L)                           44.92%

     Mr. Zhang Chaoyang (Note 5)                   Founder of a discretionary trust                             58,818,500 (L)                               5.23%

     Ms. Zhao Xiaohong (Note 6)                    Beneficial interest                                            2,920,654 (L)                              0.26%

     Notes:

     (1)      The letter “L” denotes our Directors’ long position in the Shares.

     (2)      The percentage is calculated based on the total number of 1,124,616,700 Shares (including 32,260,000 Treasury Shares) in issue as at 30 June 2026.

     (3)      Mr. Li Zhijiang, being the founder of LZY Trust who can influence how the trustee exercises his discretion, is deemed to be interested in 505,157,500
              Shares. In addition, Mr. Li Zhijiang is the husband of Ms. Zhang Bin. Therefore, Mr. Li Zhijiang is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Ms.
              Zhang Bin pursuant to the SFO.

     (4)      Ms. Zhang Bin, being the sole director of Summer Limited, is the sole shareholder of Summer Limited which holds 10,125,000 Shares. Therefore, Ms.
              Zhang Bin is deemed to be interested in Summer Limited’s interest in the Shares pursuant to the SFO. In addition, Ms. Zhang Bin is the wife of Mr. Li
              Zhijiang. Therefore, Ms. Zhang Bin is deemed to be interested in Mr. Li Zhijiang’s interest in the Shares pursuant to the SFO.

     (5)      Mr. Zhang Chaoyang, being the founder of Bamboo Trust who can influence how the trustee exercises his discretion, is deemed to be interested in
              58,818,500 Shares.

     (6)      Ms. Zhao Xiaohong directly holds (i) options to subscribe for 456,598 Shares pursuant to the Share Option Scheme; and (ii) 2,464,056 Shares.




42            AK Medical Holdings Limited
OTHER INFORMATION




Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2026, none of the Directors or the chief executive of the Company had any
interests or short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company and its associated corporations
(within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), which were required: (a) to be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which he/she
was taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), (b) pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in
the register referred to therein, or (c) pursuant to the Model Code to be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange.

Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2026, none of the Director is a director or employee of a company which had an
interest in the Shares and underlying Shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the
provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO.


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES
OR UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY
As at 30 June 2026, so far as was known to the Directors, the following persons (other than the Directors or chief executive
of the Company) and entities had interests or short positions in the Shares and underlying Shares of the Company which
would fall to be disclosed under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or as recorded in the register
required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO:

                                                                                                            Approximate
                                                                                     Number of             Percentage of
                                                                              Shares/Underlying           Shareholding in
Name of Shareholders                Capacity/Nature of Interest                     Shares (Note 1)    the Company (Note 2)

Mr. Li Zhijiang (Notes 3 and 4)     Founder of a discretionary trust              505,157,500 (L)                     44.92%
                                    Interest of spouse                             10,125,000 (L)                      0.90%

Ms. Zhang Bin (Notes 3 and 4)       Interest of a controlled corporation           10,125,000 (L)                      0.90%
                                    Interest of spouse                            505,157,500 (L)                     44.92%

Ximalaya Limited (Note 3)           Beneficial owner                              505,157,500 (L)                     44.92%

Rainbow Holdings Limited (Note 3)   Interest in a controlled corporation          505,157,500 (L)                     44.92%

Mr. Zhang Chaoyang (Note 5)         Founder of a discretionary trust               58,818,500 (L)                       5.23%

Suntop Limited (Note 5)             Beneficial owner                               58,818,500 (L)                       5.23%

Bamboo Group Management             Interest of a controlled corporation           58,818,500 (L)                       5.23%
  Limited (Note 5)

Trident Trust Company (HK)          Trustee of a discretionary trust              563,976,000 (L)                     50.15%
   Limited (Notes 3 and 5)




                                                                                                       Interim Report 2026      43
     OTHER INFORMATION




     Notes:

     (1)      The letter “L” denotes a person’s long position in the Shares.

     (2)      The percentage is calculated based on the total number of 1,124,616,700 Shares (including 32,260,000 Treasury Shares) in issue as at 30 June 2026.

     (3)      LZY Trust is a discretionary trust established by Mr. Li Zhijiang as settlor, with Trident Trust Company (HK) Limited acting as trustee. The beneficiaries
              of LZY Trust are Mr. Li Zhijiang and certain of his family members. Trident Trust Company (HK) Limited holds 100% issued share capital of Rainbow
              Holdings Limited, which holds 100% issued share capital of Ximalaya Limited. Therefore, each of Mr. Li Zhijiang, Trident Trust Company (HK) Limited
              and Rainbow Holdings Limited is deemed to be interested in Ximalaya Limited’s interest in 505,157,500 long positions in the Shares pursuant to the
              SFO.

     (4)      Ms. Zhang Bin, being the sole director of Summer Limited, is the sole shareholder of Summer Limited which holds 10,125,000 Shares. Therefore, Ms.
              Zhang Bin is deemed to be interested in Summer Limited’s interest in these Shares pursuant to the SFO. In addition, Ms. Zhang Bin is the wife of Mr. Li
              Zhijiang. Therefore, Ms. Zhang Bin is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Mr. Li Zhijiang pursuant to the SFO.

     (5)      Bamboo Trust is a discretionary trust established by Mr. Zhang Chaoyang as settlor, with Trident Trust Company (HK) Limited acting as trustee. Trident
              Trust Company (HK) Limited holds 100% issued share capital of Bamboo Group Management Limited, which holds 100% issued share capital of
              Suntop Limited. Therefore, each of Mr. Zhang Chaoyang, Trident Trust Company (HK) Limited and Bamboo Group Management Limited is deemed to
              be interested in Suntop Limited’s interest in the Shares pursuant to the SFO.


     Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2026, so far as the Directors were aware, no other persons (other than the
     Directors or chief executive of the Company) or entities had any interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying
     Shares of the Company, which would fall to be disclosed under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or
     as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO.


     ISSUE OF EQUITY SECURITIES OR SALE OF TREASURY SHARES FOR CASH
     The Company did not allot and issue any equity securities (including securities convertible into equity securities) or sale of
     treasury shares (the “Treasury Shares”) as defined under the Listing Rules for cash (other than under a share scheme that
     complies with Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules) during the Reporting Period.


     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
     During the Reporting Period, the Company repurchased an aggregate of 47,822,000 Shares on the Hong Kong Stock
     Exchange (2025: Nil) at an aggregate consideration of approximately HK$264.07 million (before expenses) (2025: Nil).

     Particulars of the repurchases during the Reporting Period were as follows:

                                                                                                                                                       Aggregate
                                                                      Number of                   Highest                 Lowest                    consideration
                                                                         Shares                 price paid             price paid                    paid (before
     Month of repurchase                                            Repurchased                 per Share              per Share                       expenses)
                                                                                                      HK$                    HK$                             HK$

     February 2026                                                       2,868,000                     6.24                    5.88                 17,594,780.00
     March 2026                                                          1,194,000                     6.02                    6.02                  7,187,880.00
     April 2026                                                          1,512,000                     7.00                    6.34                  9,948,240.00
     May 2026                                                            4,526,000                     6.35                    5.84                 27,582,320.00
     June 2026                                                          37,722,000                     5.98                    4.76                201,753,840.00

     Total                                                              47,822,000                                                                 264,067,060.00




44            AK Medical Holdings Limited
OTHER INFORMATION




As of 30 June 2026, all the repurchased Shares have not been cancelled by the Company. Among these 47,822,000
repurchased Shares, 32,260,000 Shares were held as Treasury Shares. The Company intends to resell the Treasury Shares
or use the Treasury Shares for other purposes in compliance with the Listing Rules.

Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the
Company’s listed securities (including sale of Treasury Shares) during the Reporting Period.

The Directors considered that the repurchases were made with a view to enhancing the net asset value per Share and
earnings per Share and benefiting the Company and the Shareholders.


DIRECTOR’S RIGHT TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
Save for the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme, the Share Option Scheme and the Share Award Scheme as disclosed
herein, at no time during or at the end of the Reporting Period was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any
arrangements whose objects were or one of whose objects was to enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means of
the acquisition of shares or debentures of the Company or any other body corporate; and none of the Directors, or their
spouses or children under the age of 18, had any right to subscribe for the securities of the Company, or had exercised any
such right during the Reporting Period.


SHARE OPTION SCHEMES
(a)   Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme

      The Pre-IPO share option scheme was adopted pursuant to a written resolution passed by the Shareholders on 17
      November 2017 (the “Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme”) for the purpose of recognising the contribution of certain
      employees, executives and officers made or may have made to the growth of the Group and/or the listing of the
      shares of the Company on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

      The eligible participant under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme are the full-time employees, executives or officers
      (including executive, non-executive and independent non-executive Directors) of the Company or the full-time
      employees of any of the subsidiaries of the level of manager or above and other full-time employees of the Company
      or any of the subsidiaries who, in the sole opinion of the Board, have contributed or will contribute to the Company
      and/or any of the subsidiaries.

      Except for the options which have been granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme, no further options will
      be offered or granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme, as the right to do so has been terminated upon the
      listing of the Company. As at 30 June 2026, the number of Shares in respect of which options had been granted and
      remained outstanding under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme was 825,000, representing approximately 0.07% of
      the Shares in issue. There is no service provider sublimit.

      There is no maximum entitlement of each participant under this scheme. All options under the Pre-IPO Share Option
      Scheme were granted on 17 November 2017. The exercise price of the option granted under the Pre-IPO Share
      Option Scheme is HK$1.34 per Share. The exercise price was determined after taking into account (i) the exercise
      price per Share shall not be less than the par value of such Share; and (ii) subject to paragraph (i), the Board shall
      determine the exercise price at its sole discretion.

      The options granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme shall be valid for a period of ten years commencing on
      the date upon which such options are granted and accepted in accordance with the rules of the Pre-IPO Share Option
      Scheme (the “Option Period”).




                                                                                                       Interim Report 2026     45
     OTHER INFORMATION




     HK$1.00 was payable upon acceptance by each grantee as consideration for grant of the options. The relevant acceptance
     date shall not be less than 30 days after the date of offer of the relevant options.

     The Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme commences on the listing date of the Company (i.e. 20 December 2017) (the “Listing
     Date”) and ends on the tenth anniversary of the listing date (both dates inclusive). As at the date of this interim report, the
     remaining life of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme is approximately 1 year and 3 months.

     The grantees to whom options have been granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme will be entitled to exercise his/
     her options in the following manner:

     (aa)   For the purpose of this paragraph:

            “Vesting Conditions” means (i) the revenue of the Group as shown in the audited consolidated financial statements
            of the Group for the relevant financial year represents an increase of 30% or more of the revenue of the Group as
            shown in the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the immediately preceding financial year
            (adjusted to exclude the effect of any acquisition by the Group); (ii) the profit attributed to Shareholders as shown in
            the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the relevant financial year (adjusted to exclude the effect
            of the listing expenses, the options granted, any withholding tax arising from profit generated by the Group companies
            in the PRC and any acquisition by the Group) represents an increase of 25% or more of the profit attributes to
            Shareholders as shown in the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the preceding financial year
            (adjusted to exclude the effect of the listing expenses, the options granted, any withholding tax arising from profit
            generated by the Group companies in the PRC and any acquisition by the Group); and (iii) the relevant grantee has
            passed the annual performance appraisal scheme established by the Group for the relevant financial year.

     (bb) Options granted to the grantees will vest in four portions and the grantees shall be entitled to exercise, on the first
          business day immediately following 1 May of the relevant year until the end of the Option Period (both days inclusive):

            (I)     25% of the total number of options granted when the Vesting Conditions are met for the first time during the
                    Option Period;

            (II)    25% of the total number of options granted when the Vesting Conditions are met for the second time during the
                    Option Period;

            (III)   25% of the total number of options granted when the Vesting Conditions are met for the third time during the
                    Option Period; and

            (IV)    25% of the total number of options granted when the Vesting Conditions are met for the fourth time during the
                    Option Period.

     (cc)   Any options granted will lapse if the conditions for exercise under paragraph (bb) above have not been met within the
            Option Period.

     (dd) The grantees shall enter into service contracts with the Group for a term of no less than four years from the date of
          grant of the options (as the case may be).

     (ee)   The Board has the sole and absolute discretion to amend the relevant vesting conditions of the pre-IPO share options
            from time to time and the consent from each grantee has to be obtained prior to any amendment in the event that
            such amendment is prejudicial to such grantee.




46          AK Medical Holdings Limited
OTHER INFORMATION




(ff)     During the Option Period, if the grantee terminates its service contract with the Group under paragraph (dd) above
         or commits a material breach of any restrictive covenant in respect of the Group that the grantee is subject to (e.g. a
         non-competition undertaking), (i) to the extent not already exercised, the options granted to such grantee shall lapse
         automatically and not be exercisable; and (ii) to the extent already exercised, the Company may demand the grantee
         to return any entitlement or interest obtained from the exercise of the options granted. In 2019, the Directors have
         resolved not to demand any grantee of the pre-IPO share options to return any entitlement or interest obtained from
         the exercise of the options granted even though the grantee terminated its service contract with the Group during the
         Option Period, to the extent already exercised.

The details of movements in the options granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme during the Reporting Period by
category of grantees are set out below:

                                                                                   Weighted                                                                                               Closing
                                                                                     average                                                                                              price of
                                                                                closing price                                                                                          the shares
                                                                                of the shares                                                                                         immediately
                                                                                 immediately                                                                                            before the
                                       Outstanding      Granted    Exercised       before the        Vesting       Lapsed     Cancelled                     Exercise     Exercise         date on
                        Date of               as at   during the   during the        date the     period and     during the   during the    Outstanding     period of     price of      which the
Category and            grant of         1 January    Reporting    Reporting    options were    performance      Reporting    Reporting            as at   the share    the share    options were
Name of grantee         share option          2026        Period       Period       exercised         targets        Period       Period   30 June 2026      options      options         granted

Senior Management
  and Other Employees
  of the Group
Senior Management and   17/11/2017       1,175,000            –      350,000         HK$6.34    See paragraph            –            –         825,000     10 years     HK$1.34        N/A (Note)
  Other Employees                                                                                   (bb) above

Total                                    1,175,000            –      350,000                                             –            –         825,000


Note:       As the above options were granted before listing, no closing market price is available.


The terms of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme are disclosed in the Company’s prospectus dated 7 December 2017.

Details of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme are set out in note 14 to the unaudited interim financial report contained in this
interim report.




                                                                                                                                                              Interim Report 2026                    47
     OTHER INFORMATION




     (b)   Share Option Scheme (Note)

           The Company adopted a share option scheme approved by the written resolution passed by the Shareholders on 17
           November 2017 (the “Share Option Scheme”). Unless otherwise cancelled or amended, the Share Option Scheme
           will remain in force for 10 years from the Listing Date.

           A summary of the Share Option Scheme of the Company is as follows:

           1.     Purpose                    To recognize and acknowledge the contributions the SOS Eligible Participants
                                             (as defined below) have had or may have made to the Group. The Share
                                             Option Scheme will provide the SOS Eligible Participants (as defined below) an
                                             opportunity to have a personal stake in the Company with the view to achieving
                                             the following objectives:

                                             (i)     motivating the SOS Eligible Participants (as defined below) to optimize their
                                                     performance efficiency for the benefit of the Group; and

                                             (ii)    attracting and retaining or otherwise maintaining on-going business
                                                     relationships with the SOS Eligible Participants (as defined below) whose
                                                     contributions are or will be beneficial to the long-term growth of the Group.

           2.     Participants               The Board may, at its discretion, offer to grant an option to subscribe for
                                             such number of new shares as the Board may determine at an exercise price
                                             determined in accordance with the terms set out in the Share Option Scheme to
                                             the following persons (the “SOS Eligible Participants”):

                                             (i)     any full-time or part-time employees, executives or officers of the Company
                                                     or any of its subsidiaries;

                                             (ii)    any Directors (including non-executive Directors and independent non-
                                                     executive Directors) of the Company or any of its subsidiaries;

                                             (iii)   any advisors, consultants, suppliers, customers and agents to the Company
                                                     or any of its subsidiaries; and

                                             (iv)    such other persons who, in the sole opinion of the Board, will contribute or
                                                     have contributed to the Group, the assessment criteria of which are:

                                                     (aa)   contribution to the development and performance of the Group;

                                                     (bb) quality of work performed for the Group;

                                                     (cc)   initiative and commitment in performing his/her duties; and

                                                     (dd) length of service or contribution to the Group.




48         AK Medical Holdings Limited
OTHER INFORMATION




   3.   Total number of securities   93,541,882 ordinary Shares and 8.32% of the existing issued share capital.
        available for issue under
        the Share Option Scheme
        together with the percentage
        of the issued Shares that it
        represents as at the date of
        the interim report

   4.   Maximum entitlement          The total number of Shares issued and which may fall to be issued upon exercise
        of each participant          of the options granted under the Share Option Scheme and any other share
                                     option schemes of the Company (including both exercised, outstanding options
                                     and Shares which were the subject of options which have been granted and
                                     accepted under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes
                                     of the Company but subsequently canceled) to each SOS Eligible Participant in
                                     any 12-month period up to the date of grant shall not exceed 1% of the Shares
                                     in issue as of the date of grant. Any further grant of options in excess of this 1%
                                     limit shall be subject to:

                                     (i)    the issue of a circular by the Company to the Shareholders containing the
                                            identity of the SOS Eligible Participant, the numbers of and terms of the
                                            options to be granted (and options previously granted to such participant),
                                            the information as required under Rules 17.03(D) of the Listing Rules; and

                                     (ii)   the approval of the Shareholders in general meeting and/or other
                                            requirements prescribed under the Listing Rules from time to time with such
                                            SOS Eligible Participant and his close associates (or his associates if such
                                            SOS Eligible Participant is a connected person) abstaining from voting. The
                                            numbers and terms (including the exercise price) of options to be granted
                                            to such participant must be fixed before the Shareholders’ approval and
                                            the date of the Board meeting at which the Board proposes to grant the
                                            options to such SOS Eligible Participant shall be taken as the date of
                                            grant for the purpose of calculating the exercise price of the Shares. The
                                            Board shall forward to such SOS Eligible Participant an offer document in
                                            such form as the Board may from time to time determine or, alternatively,
                                            documents accompanying the offer document which state, among other
                                            things:

                                            (aa)   the SOS Eligible Participant’s name, address and occupation/position;

                                            (bb) the date on which an option is offered to a SOS Eligible Participant
                                                 which must be a date on which the Hong Kong Stock Exchange is
                                                 open for the business of dealing in securities;

                                            (cc)   the date upon which an offer for an option must be accepted;

                                            (dd) the date upon which an option is deemed to be granted and accepted
                                                 in accordance with paragraph (cc);

                                            (ee)   the number of Shares in respect of which the option is offered;

                                            (ff)   the exercise price and the manner of payment of such price for the
                                                   Shares on and in consequence of the exercise of the option;

                                            (gg) the date of the expiry of the option;

                                            (hh) the method of acceptance of the option which shall, unless the Board
                                                 otherwise determines, be as set out in item 7 below; and




                                                                                                    Interim Report 2026    49
     OTHER INFORMATION




                                                             (ii)   such other terms and conditions (including, without limitation, any
                                                                    minimum period for which an option shall be held before it can be
                                                                    exercised and/or any performance targets which must be achieved
                                                                    before the option can be exercised) relating to the offer of the option
                                                                    which in the opinion of the Board are fair and reasonable but not
                                                                    being inconsistent with the Share Option Scheme and the Listing
                                                                    Rules.

        5.     Period within which the               An option may be taken up in accordance with the terms of the Share Option
               securities must be taken up           Scheme at any time after the date upon which the option is deemed to be
               under an option                       granted and accepted and may be exercised thereupon and prior to the expiry
                                                     of the period as notified by the Board to each Grantee provided that such period
                                                     of time shall not exceed a period of ten years from that date. No further share
                                                     options may be granted after 10 years from the Listing Date.

        6.     Minimum/vesting period,               There is no minimum period for which an option granted must be held before it
               if any, for which an option           can be vested and exercised except otherwise imposed by the Directors.
               must be held before it can
               be exercised

        7.     Amount, if any, payable on            An option shall be deemed to have been granted and accepted by the grantee
               application or acceptance             and to have taken effect when the document constituting acceptance of the
               of the option and the period          option duly signed by the grantee, together with a remittance in favor of the
               within which payments or              Company of HK$1.00 by way of consideration for the grant thereof is received by
               calls must or may be made             the Company on or before the relevant acceptance date (which shall not be later
               or loans for such purposes            than 30 days after the date of offer of the relevant option). Such payment shall
               must be repaid                        in no circumstances be refundable. Any offer to grant an option to subscribe for
                                                     Shares may be accepted in respect of less than the number of Shares for which
                                                     it is offered provided that it must be accepted in respect of a board lot for dealing
                                                     in Shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange or an integral multiple thereof and
                                                     such number is clearly stated in the document constituting acceptance of the
                                                     option. To the extent that the offer to grant an option is not accepted by any
                                                     prescribed acceptance date, it shall be deemed to have been irrevocably lapsed.

        8.     Basis of determining the              The exercise price of a Share in respect of any particular option granted under the
               exercise price                        Share Option Scheme shall be such price as the Board in its absolute discretion
                                                     shall determine, except that such price will not be less than the highest of:

                                                     (i)     the closing price of the Shares as stated in the Hong Kong Stock
                                                             Exchange’s daily quotation sheets on the date of grant, which must be a
                                                             day on which the Hong Kong Stock Exchange is open for the business of
                                                             dealing in securities;

                                                     (ii)    the average of the closing prices of the Shares as stated in the Hong
                                                             Kong Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheets for the five business days
                                                             immediately preceding the date of grant; and

                                                     (iii)   the nominal value of a Share.

        9.     The remaining life of the             The Share Option Scheme remains in force until 19 December 2027. As at the
               Share Option Scheme                   date of this interim report, the remaining life of the Share Option Scheme is
                                                     approximately 1 year and 3 months.

        Note: As the existing Share Option Scheme was adopted before the current Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules became effective on 1 January 2023,
              certain terms of the existing Share Option Scheme may not be in full compliance with the current Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules. Share options
              to be granted under the Share Option Scheme in the future will be in compliance with the current Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.



50     AK Medical Holdings Limited
OTHER INFORMATION




On 31 March 2022, the Company granted 8,582,362 share options (representing approximately 0.76% of the issued share
capital of the Company as at the date of this interim report) (the “2022 Share Options”) at an exercise price of HK$4.66
per share to 112 employees of the Group (the “2022 Grantees”) pursuant to the Share Option Scheme. The validity period
of the 2022 Share Options granted were from 31 March 2022 to 30 March 2032 (both dates inclusive). The closing price of
the Shares on the date of grant was HK$4.66 per share.

The vesting period and conditions of the 2022 Share Options granted were as follows:

(i)     1,716,472 share options, representing 20% of the total 2022 Share Options granted, would be vested on 31 March
        2023 conditional upon the achievement or attainment of certain performance targets by the Company and the
        respective 2022 Grantee, among which, all such 1,716,472 share options were vested;

(ii)    1,716,472 share options, representing 20% of the total 2022 Share Options granted, would be vested on 31 March
        2024 conditional upon the achievement or attainment of certain performance targets by the Company and the
        respective 2022 Grantee, among which, all such 1,716,472 share options had lapsed on the relevant vesting date;

(ii)    2,574,709 share options, representing 30% of the total 2022 Share Options granted, would be vested on 31 March
        2025 conditional upon the achievement or attainment of certain performance targets by the Company and the
        respective 2022 Grantee, among which, all such 2,574,709 share options were vested; and

(iv)    2,574,709 share options, representing 30% of the total 2022 Share Options granted, would be vested on 31 March
        2026 conditional upon the achievement or attainment of certain performance targets by the Company and the
        respective 2022 Grantee, among which, all such 2,574,709 share options were vested.

Among the 2022 Share Options granted, 660,304 share options were granted to Ms. Zhao Xiaohong (“Ms. Zhao”), an
executive Director. The grant of the 660,304 share options to Ms. Zhao was approved by all the independent non-executive
Directors pursuant to Rule 17.04(1) of the Listing Rules and the terms of the Share Option Scheme. Save as disclosed
above, none of the 2022 Grantees is a Director, chief executive or substantial Shareholder (as defined in the Listing Rules) of
the Company or any of their respective associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) as at the date of this interim report. For
details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 31 March 2022.

On 11 April 2023, the Company granted 1,699,036 share options (representing approximately 0.15% of the issued share
capital of the Company as at the date of this interim report) (the “2023 Share Options”) to 86 selected eligible persons (the
“2023 Grantees”) pursuant to the Share Option Scheme. The validity period of the 2023 Share Options granted were from
11 April 2023 to 10 April 2033 (both dates inclusive). The closing price of the Shares on the date of grant was HK$10.18
per Share.

The vesting period and conditions of the 2023 Options granted were as follows:

(i)     339,807 share options, representing 20% of the total 2023 Share Options granted, would be vested on 11 April 2024
        conditional upon the achievement or attainment of certain performance targets by the Company and the respective
        2023 Grantee, among which all such 339,807 share options had lapsed on the relevant vesting date;

(ii)    339,807 share options, representing 20% of the total 2023 Share Options granted, would be vested on 11 April 2025
        conditional upon the achievement or attainment of certain performance targets by the Company and the respective
        2023 Grantee, among which, all such 339,807 share options were vested;

(iii)   509,711 share options, representing 30% of the total 2023 Share Options granted, would be vested on 11 April 2026
        conditional upon the achievement or attainment of certain performance targets by the Company and the respective
        2023 Grantee, among which, all such 509,711 share options were vested; and

(iv)    509,711 share options, representing 30% of the total 2023 Share Options granted, will be vested on 11 April 2027
        conditional upon the achievement or attainment of certain performance targets by the Company and the respective
        2023 Grantee.




                                                                                                         Interim Report 2026      51
     OTHER INFORMATION




     Among the 2023 Share Options granted, 139,620 share options were granted to Ms. Zhao, an executive Director. The
     grant of the 139,620 share options to Ms. Zhao was approved by all the independent non-executive Directors pursuant to
     Rule 17.04(1) of the Listing Rules and the terms of the Share Option Scheme. Save as disclosed above, none of the 2023
     Grantees is a Director, chief executive or substantial shareholder (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company or any of
     their respective associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) as at the date of this interim report. For details, please refer to the
     announcement of the Company dated 11 April 2023.

     The details of movement in the share options granted under the Share Option Scheme during the Reporting Period by
     category of grantees are set out below:

                                                                                   Weighted average
                                                                                        closing price
                                                                                       of the Shares
                                                                                         immediately                                                                                                                        Closing
                                Date of     Outstanding Granted       Exercised      before the date Lapsed       Cancelled Outstanding                                                                       Exercise         price
                                grant of           as at during the   during the        on which the during the      during        as at                                                                       price of immediately
     Category and               share         1 January Reporting     Reporting        share options Reporting the Reporting    30 June                                                                          share before the
     name of grantee (Note 1)   options            2026      Period       Period     were exercised      Period      Period        2026     Vesting period (Note 2)      Exercise period of share options      options date of grant

     Directors
     Zhao Xiaohong              31/3/2022       393,094           –           –                  –     39,421            –       353,673    (i) 198,091 on 31/3/2026; 10 years from the date upon which        HK$4.66      HK$4.66
                                                                                                                                                                      the share options were granted and
                                                                                                                                                                      accepted by the relevant grantee
                                11/4/2023       111,260           –           –                  –      8,335            –       102,925    (i) 41,886 on 11/4/2026; 10 years from the date upon which        HK$10.18     HK$10.18
                                                                                                                                            (i ) 41,886 on 11/4/2027. the share options were granted and
                                                                                                                                                                      accepted by the relevant grantee
     Senior management
       and other employees
       of the Group
     Senior management     31/3/2022          4,486,325           –     346,436            HK$6.74    336,950            –      3,802,939   (i) 1,845,644 on 31/3/2026 10 years from the date upon             HK$4.66      HK$4.66
       and other employees                                                                                                                                             which the share options were granted
       of the Group                                                                                                                                                    and accepted by the relevant grantee
                           11/4/2023          1,016,998           –           –                  –     85,117            –       931,881    (i) 364,315 on 11/4/2026; 10 years from the date upon which       HK$10.18     HK$10.18
                                                                                                                                            (i ) 364,315 on 11/4/2027 the share options were granted and
                                                                                                                                                                       accepted by the relevant grantee

     Total                                    6,007,677           –     346,436                       469,823            –      5,191,418


     Notes:

     (1)          Save as disclosed above, there is no other category of persons that is granted with share options and is required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule
                  17.07 of the Listing Rules.

     (2)          The vesting is conditional upon the achievement or attainment of certain performance targets by the Company and the respective grantee.

     (3)          Please refer to Note 14 to the unaudited interim financial of this interim report for details of the fair value of the share options granted on 31 March 2022
                  and 11 April 2023 and the accounting standard and policy adopted.

     (4)          The total number of share options available for grant under the Share Option Scheme as at 1 January 2026 and 30 June 2026 were 93,072,059 Shares
                  and 93,541,882 Shares, respectively, representing approximately 8.28% and 8.32% of the Company’s issued share capital as at the respective dates.
                  There is no service provider sublimit.

     (5)          The number of the Shares that may be issued in respect of the options and awards granted under Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme, Share Option
                  Scheme and the Share Award Scheme during the Reporting Period were 6,016,418 Shares. The dilutive effect of such is 0.53%, being the number of
                  Shares may be issued divided by the weighted average number of Shares (excluding Treasury Shares) for the same period.


     Save as disclosed above, no share option was granted, exercised, lapsed or cancelled during the Reporting Period.




52              AK Medical Holdings Limited
OTHER INFORMATION




SHARE AWARD SCHEME (Note)
The share award scheme of the Company (the“Share Award Scheme”) was adopted by the Board on 8 December 2020
(the“Adoption Date”). Summary of principal terms of the Share Award Scheme are set forth below:

1.     Purpose & administration                     The purposes of the Share Award Scheme are to recognise and reward the
                                                    contribution of certain SAS Eligible Participants (as defined below) to the
                                                    growth and development of the Group, to give incentives to SAS Eligible
                                                    Participants (as defined below) in order to retain them for the continual operation
                                                    and development of the Group and to attract suitable personnel for further
                                                    development of the Group.

                                                    The Share Award Scheme shall be subject to the administration of the Board
                                                    whose decisions on all matters arising in relation to the Share Award Scheme
                                                    or its interpretation or effect shall be final, conclusive and binding on all persons
                                                    who may be affected thereby, provided that such administration shall not
                                                    prejudice (i) the powers of the trustee (the “Trustee”) as provided under the
                                                    trust deed entered into between the Company and the Trustee (the “Trust
                                                    Deed”); and (ii) the powers of the remuneration committee of the Board on
                                                    recommending and/or deciding (on and subject to the terms and conditions
                                                    provided under the Share Award Scheme) the selection of the selected
                                                    participants (the “Selected Participants”), the number of awarded Shares (the
                                                    “Awarded Shares”) to be awarded to the respective Selected Participants and
                                                    other related matters as expressly provided under the Share Award Scheme.

2.     Participants                                 Under the rules constituting the Share Award Scheme, the following classes
                                                    of participants (excluding the excluded participants) (the “SAS Eligible
                                                    Participants”) are eligible for participation in the Share Award Scheme:

                                                    (a)    any employee (whether full time or part time, including any executive
                                                           director but excluding any non-executive director) of the Company, any of
                                                           its subsidiary (the “Subsidiary”) or any of its invested entity (the “Invested
                                                           Entity”) (an “Employee”);

                                                    (b)    any non-executive director (including independent non-executive directors)
                                                           of the Company, any Subsidiary or any Invested Entity;

                                                    (c)    any adviser (professional or otherwise), consultant to or expert in any area
                                                           of business or business development of any member of the Group or any
                                                           invested entity; and

                                                    (d)    any other group or classes of participants who have contributed or may
                                                           contribute by way of joint venture, business alliance or other business
                                                           arrangement to the development and growth of the Group,

                                                    and, for the purposes of the Share Award Scheme, the award may be made to
                                                    any company wholly owned by one or more of the above participant.


Note: As the existing Share Award Scheme was adopted before the current Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules, certain terms of the existing Share Award
      Scheme may not be in full compliance with the current Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules. Awarded Shares to be granted under the Share Award Scheme
      in the future will be in compliance with the current Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.




                                                                                                                            Interim Report 2026          53
     OTHER INFORMATION




                                              The eligibility of any of the SAS Eligible Participants to an award shall be
                                              determined by the Board from time to time on the basis of the Board’s opinion
                                              as to his contribution and/or future contribution to the development and growth
                                              of the Group.

     3.   Total number of Shares available    The total number of Shares available to be subscribed for and/or purchased
          for issue under the Share Award     by the Trustee by applying the Group contribution for the purpose of the Share
          Scheme together with the            Award Scheme are 6,524,000 Shares, representing 0.58% of the total number
          percentage of the issued shares     of issued Shares as at the date of this interim report. The Board shall not instruct
          that it represents as at the date   the Trustee to subscribe for and/or purchase any Shares for the purpose of the
          of this interim report              Share Award Scheme when such subscription and/or purchase will result in
                                              such threshold being exceeded.

     4.   Maximum entitlement of each         The maximum number of Shares which may be subject to an award or awards
          participant                         to a Selected Participant shall not in aggregate exceed 1% of the issued share
                                              capital of the Company as at the Adoption Date.

     5.   Period within which a Selected      The Board shall notify the Selected Participant in writing after an award has
          Participant may accept offer        been provisionally made to such Selected Participant and the notice shall
          of award                            contain substantially the same information as that set out in the award notice
                                              provided that nothing contained in such notice shall be construed as conferring
                                              any rights, interests, benefits and title to and in the awarded Shares on such
                                              Selected Participant before the vesting of the legal and beneficial ownership of
                                              such awarded Shares in the Selected Participant in accordance with these rules
                                              of the Scheme. An award shall be deemed to be irrevocably accepted by a
                                              Selected Participant unless the Selected Participant shall within five (5) Business
                                              Days after receipt of such notice from the Board notify the Company in writing
                                              that he would decline to accept such award.

     6.   Vesting period of awards granted    The Board may from time to time, at its discretion, determine the earliest vesting
          under the Share Award Scheme        date (the “Vesting Date”) and other subsequent date(s), if any, upon which the
                                              awarded Shares held by the Trustee upon trust and which are referable to a
                                              Selected Participant shall vest in that Selected Participant.

                                              During the vesting period, any dividends and other distributions (the “Other
                                              Distributions”) declared and made in respect of any awarded Shares shall
                                              belong to the Trustee and the relevant Selected Participant shall not have any
                                              right whatsoever in such Other Distributions in respect of any awarded Shares
                                              or otherwise unless and until the relevant awarded Shares are vested in such
                                              Selected Participant. Such Other Distributions shall be applied to subscription for
                                              and/or purchase of Shares for the purpose of satisfying any further awards by
                                              the Board and, upon termination of the Share Award Scheme, shall be treated
                                              and dealt with as income of the trust fund under the Trust Deed generally.




54        AK Medical Holdings Limited
OTHER INFORMATION




                                          At any time prior to a Vesting Date, unless the Board otherwise determines, in
                                          respect of a Selected Participant who:

                                          (a)   died, all the awarded Shares of the Selected Participant shall be deemed
                                                to be vested on the Selected Participant on the day immediately prior to
                                                his death; or

                                          (b)   (in the case of a Selected Participant who is an Employee) retired at his
                                                normal retirement date, all the awarded Shares of the Selected Participant
                                                shall be deemed to be vested on the Selected Participant on the day
                                                immediately prior to his normal retirement date; or

                                          (c)   (in the case of a Selected Participant who is an Employee) retired at an
                                                earlier retirement date (with prior written agreement given by the Company
                                                or the Subsidiary or the Invested Entity), all the awarded Shares of the
                                                Selected Participant shall be deemed to be vested on the Selected
                                                Participant on the day immediately prior to his earlier retirement date.

                                          If there is an event of change in control, as defined in the Hong Kong Codes
                                          on Takeovers and Mergers and Share Repurchases from time to time, of
                                          the Company by way of general or partial takeover offer, share repurchase
                                          offer or scheme of arrangement or otherwise in like manner made to all the
                                          Shareholders, all the unvested award Shares shall vest at any time before the
                                          expiry of the period of ten (10) Business Days following the date on which the
                                          offer becomes or is declared unconditional.

7.   Amount, if any, payable on           There is no specific amount on application or acceptance of the award of the
     application of the award and the     Share Award Scheme.
     period within which payments or
     calls must or may be made or loans   The Board shall, subject to and in accordance with the rules of the Share Award
     for such purposes must be repaid     Scheme, be entitled to, at any time during the continuation of the Share Award
                                          Scheme, make an award out of the Shares Pool to any of the SAS Eligible
                                          Participants such number of Shares as it shall determine pursuant to the Share
                                          Award Scheme. The Board shall notify the Trustee in writing upon the making
                                          of an award under the Share Award Scheme by giving the Trustee an award
                                          notice. The making of an award to any connected person of the Company shall
                                          be subject to compliance with the applicable requirements under the Listing
                                          Rules.

8.   Basis of determination of the        It is intended that the shares under the Share Award Scheme will be offered to
     purchase price of shares awarded     the Selected Participants for no consideration subject to the compliance with the
                                          relevant laws and regulations, acceptance by the Selected Participants and the
                                          vesting period and conditions to be decided by the Board at the time of grant of
                                          award under the Share Award Scheme.




                                                                                                      Interim Report 2026     55
     OTHER INFORMATION




     9.   Remaining life of the Share Award     The Share Award Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of 10
          Scheme                                years commencing from the Adoption Date but may be terminated earlier as
                                                determined by the Board. If, at the date of the termination of the Share Award
                                                Scheme, the Trustee holds any Share which has not been set aside in favour of
                                                any Selected Participant or retains any unutilised funds received as the Group
                                                contribution or otherwise, then the Trustee shall, within twenty-one (21) Business
                                                Days after receiving actual notice of such termination, sell such Shares at the
                                                prevailing market price and remit the proceeds of sale (after making appropriate
                                                deductions in respect of stamp duty and other costs, liabilities and expenses
                                                in accordance with the Trust Deed) together with such unutilised funds to
                                                the Company. Upon termination of the Share Award Scheme, subject to the
                                                decision of the Board and to the terms of the Share Award Scheme, the relevant
                                                Vesting Date of the awarded Shares shall be unaffected and the awarded
                                                Shares shall remain transferable to and to be vested in such Selected Participant
                                                in accordance with the terms set out in the award notice, save in respect of any
                                                lapse of the award.

     During the period ended 30 June 2026, there were 4,572,643 Shares held in trust by the trustee under the Share Award
     Scheme.

     On 31 March 2022, the Company offered to grant a total of 838,784 Awarded Shares at nil consideration to 112 Selected
     Participants who are employees of the Group as an incentive to retain and attract talents for the Group. The grant of
     838,784 Awarded Shares is subject to acceptance by the Selected Participants and the vesting period and conditions. The
     838,784 Awarded Shares would be satisfied with the existing issued Shares held by the trustee.

     On 15 July 2024, the Company granted a total of 1,706,959 Awarded Shares at nil consideration to 81 Selected Participants
     who are employees of the Group as an incentive to retain and attract talents for the Group. The grant of 1,706,959 Awarded
     Shares is subject to acceptance by the Selected Participants and the vesting period and conditions. Such 1,706,959
     Awarded Shares would be satisfied with the existing issued Shares held by the trustee.

     For details of the grant, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 31 March 2022 and 15 July 2024.




56        AK Medical Holdings Limited
OTHER INFORMATION




Details of the movement of the Awarded Shares during the Reporting Period are set out in the table below:

                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            average
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             closing
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         price of the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Shares
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Number of immediately
                                                                                                                                           Number of                                                          unvested    before the
                                                                  Closing price                                                              unvested                                                         Awarded        date on
                                                      Purchase       of Shares    Fair value of                                              Awarded       Granted       Vested    Cancelled      Lapsed        Shares    which the
                                  Date of grant of   price of the immediately     the Awarded              Vesting period                   Shares as    during the   during the   during the   during the       as at     Awarded
Category and                      the Awarded          Awarded      before the    Shares at the            of the Awarded                 at 1 January   Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting      30 June Shares were
name of grantee(Note 1)           Shares                 Shares date of grant     date of grant (Note 2)   Shares                                2026       Period       Period       Period       Period        2026         vested

Director
Zhao Xiaohong                     15/7/2024                   –        HK$4.53    HK$4.40-HK$4.45          14/7/2025-11/4/2026 (Note 4)        69,471            –       62,524            –        6,947            –      HK$7.12


Senior management and other
employees of the Group
Senior management and other       31/3/2022                   –        HK$4.66    HK$4.52-HK$4.64          31/3/2023-31/3/2026 (Note 3)       173,410            –      132,801            –       40,609            –      HK$6.18
employees of the Group            15/7/2024                   –        HK$4.53    HK$4.40-HK$4.45          14/7/2025-11/4/2026 (Note 4)       688,075            –      603,991            –       84,084            –      HK$7.12

Total                                                                                                                                         930,956            –      799,316            –      131,640            –


Notes:

(1)          Save as disclosed above, there is no other category of persons that is granted with share awards and is required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule
             17.07 of the Listing Rules.

(2)          Please refer to Note 14 to the unaudited interim financial contained in this interim report for details of the fair value of the awards and the accounting
             standard and policy adopted.

(3)          The Trustee shall hold the Awarded Shares in trust for the Selected Participants, and shall transfer such Awarded Shares to the Selected Participants at
             nil consideration until and upon satisfaction of the following vesting period and conditions:

             (i)          167,757 Awarded Shares, representing 20% of the total Awarded Shares granted, would be vested on 31 March 2023 conditional upon the
                          achievement or attainment of certain performance targets by the Company and the respective Selected Participant, among which 149,398
                          Awarded Shares were vested and 18,359 Awarded Shares had lapsed;

             (ii)         167,757 Awarded Shares, representing 20% of the total Awarded Shares granted, would be vested on 31 March 2024 conditional upon the
                          achievement or attainment of certain performance targets by the Company and the respective Selected Participant, among which 167,757
                          Awarded Shares had lapsed;


             (iii)        251,635 Awarded Shares, representing 30% of the total Awarded Shares granted, would be vested on 31 March 2025 conditional upon the
                          achievement or attainment of certain performance targets by the Company and the respective Selected Participant, among which 174,761
                          Awarded Shares were vested and 76,874 Awarded Shares had lapsed; and

             (iv)         251,635 Awarded Shares, representing 30% of the total Awarded Shares granted, would be vested on 31 March 2026 conditional upon the
                          achievement or attainment of certain performance targets by the Company and the respective Selected Participant, among which 132,801
                          Awarded Shares were vested and 118,834 Awarded Shares had lapsed.




                                                                                                                                                                                                Interim Report 2026                     57
     OTHER INFORMATION




     (4)   Vesting period of the relevant Awarded Shares are set out below:

           (i)    50% of the Awarded Shares would be vested on 14 July 2025 conditional upon the achievement or attainment of certain performance targets
                  by the Company and the respective Grantee as summarized below, among which 827,882 Awarded Shares were vested and 25,598 Awarded
                  Shares had lapsed; and

           (ii)   50% of the Awarded Shares would be vested on 11 April 2026 conditional upon the achievement or attainment of certain performance targets
                  by the Company and the respective Grantee as summarized below, among which 666,515 Awarded Shares were vested and 186,965 Awarded
                  Shares had lapsed.

           The performance targets mentioned in paragraph (4) above are set out below:

           The pre-determined ratios of certain key financial performance indicators shall be taken into account to calculate the overall performance of the
           Company in that relevant year, including the revenue, net profit, cash flow and the rate of increase of the revenue to determine whether or not the
           Awarded Shares shall vest in full or vest in proportion in accordance with the performance target actually achieved, or lapse in each of the vesting
           period set out above.

           The Group has set up a performance appraisal system for the employees, which comprehensively evaluates the performance of the Grantees in
           an accurate and all-rounded manner. The Company will determine whether the Grantees meet the individual performance targets based on their
           performance appraisal results for the relevant year. In case such individual performance targets could not be met, the relevant Awarded Shares shall
           lapse accordingly.


     Save as disclosed above, no Awarded Share was granted, vested, lapsed or cancelled during the Reporting Period.

     As of 1 January 2026 and 30 June 2026, the number of awards available for grant under the Share Award Scheme were
     109,467,003 and 109,598,643, respectively.

     The number of the Shares that may be issued in respect of the options and awards granted under Pre-IPO Share Option
     Scheme, Share Option Scheme and the Share Award Scheme during the Reporting Period were 6,016,418 Shares. The
     dilutive effect of such is 0.53%, being the number of Shares may be issued divided by the weighted average number of
     Shares (excluding Treasury Shares) for the same period.


     MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS OF LISTED
     ISSUERS
     The Company has adopted the Model Code as the code of conduct regarding securities transactions by Directors. Having
     made specific enquiries by the Company, all the Directors confirmed that they have fully complied with the required standard
     set out in the Model Code throughout the Reporting Period.

     The Company has also established written guidelines on no less exacting terms than the Model Code (the “Employees
     Written Guidelines”) for securities transactions by employees who are likely to be in possession of unpublished inside
     information of the Company. No incident of non-compliance of the Employees Written Guidelines by the employees was
     noted by the Company throughout the Reporting Period.




58         AK Medical Holdings Limited
OTHER INFORMATION




COMPLIANCE WITH THE CODE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
The Board and management are committed to achieving high corporate governance standards. The Board has reviewed the
Company’s corporate governance practices and is satisfied that the Company has been in compliance with the applicable
code provisions set out in Part 2 of the Corporate Governance Code contained in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules
throughout the Reporting Period and up to the date of this interim report, with the exception of code provision C.2.1 (the
“Code Provision C.2.1”).

According to Code Provision C.2.1, the roles of chairman and chief executive should be separate and should not be
performed by the same individual. The Group deviates from this Code Provision C.2.1 because the position of the
chairman and the chief executive officer of the Group are both held by Mr. Li Zhijiang who is the founder of the Group and
has extensive experience in the industry. The Board believes that Mr. Li Zhijiang can provide the Group with strong and
consistent leadership that allows for effective and efficient planning and implementation of business decisions and strategies.
The Board also considers that the current structure of vesting the roles of chairman and chief executive officer in the same
person will not impair the balance of power and authority between the Board and the management of the Group. The Board
shall review this structure from time to time to ensure appropriate and timely action to meet changing circumstances.


REVIEW BY THE AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Company has the Audit Committee with terms of reference aligned with the Code Provisions for the purpose of
reviewing and providing supervision on the financial reporting process and internal controls of the Group. The Audit
Committee consists of two independent non-executive Directors, Mr. Kong Chi Mo (chairman), Dr. Li Shu Wing David and
one non-executive Director, Dr. Wang David Guowei.

The Group’s interim report for the six months ended 30 June 2026 have been reviewed by all members of the Audit
Committee. Based on such review, the Audit Committee was of the opinion that the Group’s unaudited interim report were
prepared in accordance with the applicable accounting standards as well as the Listing Rules and that adequate disclosures
have been duly made. The Audit Committee does not have any disagreement with the accounting treatment adopted by the
Company.


CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE
Save as disclosed in note 17 to the unaudited interim financial report contained in this interim report, (i) the Group did not
enter into any transaction, arrangement or contract of significance in which the Company, or any of its subsidiaries and a
controlling shareholder of the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party, and in which a Director or an entity connected
with the Director had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, subsisted as at 30 June 2026 or at any time during the
Reporting Period and (ii) there was no transaction, arrangement or contracts of significance for the provision of services to
the Company or any of its subsidiaries by a controlling shareholder or any of its subsidiaries subsisted as at 30 June 2026
or at any time during the Reporting Period.


INTERIM DIVIDEND
The Board did not recommend to declare any interim dividend to the Shareholders for the six months ended 30 June 2026.




                                                                                                          Interim Report 2026      59
     OTHER INFORMATION




     INDEPENDENT REVIEW OF AUDITORS
     The interim financial report for the six months ended 30 June 2026 is unaudited, but has been reviewed by KPMG, in
     accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410, Review of interim financial information performed by
     the independent auditor of the entity , issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants, whose unmodified
     review report is included in this interim report to be sent to the Shareholders.


     CHANGES IN INFORMATION IN RESPECT OF DIRECTORS
     Pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules, changes in information of Directors during the Reporting Period and up to
     the date of this interim report are set out below:

     Name of Director                   Details of Change

     Mr. Li Shu Wing David              Mr. Li was appointed as a Board Director of Hong Kong Resource Center for Heritage on 15
                                         May 2026


     PUBLICATION OF INTERIM REPORT
     The interim report of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2026 containing all the relevant information required
     by the Listing Rules has been published on the websites of HKEXnews operated by Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing
     Limited (https://www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company (http://ak-medical.net).



     By Order of the Board
     AK Medical Holdings Limited
     Li Zhijiang
     Chairman

     Hong Kong
     26 August 2026




60        AK Medical Holdings Limited
