INTERIM REPORT



2025
CONTENTS

2    Corporate Information
4    Financial Highlights
5    Chairman’s Statement
7    Management Discussion and Analysis
20   Review Report
21   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
22   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
24   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
25   Condensed Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
26   Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
38   Other Information
    CORPORATE INFORMATION


    DIRECTORS                                                 NOMINATION COMMITTEE (THE
                                                              “NOMINATION COMMITTEE”)
    Executive Directors
                                                              Dr. Li Shu Wing David (Chairman)
    Mr. Li Zhijiang (Chairman of the Board of Directors and     (appointed as chairman on 25 June 2025)
      Chief Executive Officer)                                Mr. Li Zhijiang
    Ms. Zhang Bin                                               (ceased to be chairman and member on 25 June 2025)
    Mr. Zhang Chaoyang                                        Mr. Kong Chi Mo
    Ms. Zhao Xiaohong                                         Ms. Zhang Bin (appointed on 25 June 2025)

    Non-executive Director
                                                              REGISTERED OFFICE
    Dr. Wang David Guowei
                                                              Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited
                                                              Cricket Square
    Independent Non-executive Directors
                                                              Hutchins Drive
                                                              PO Box 2681
    Mr. Kong Chi Mo
                                                              Grand Cayman
    Dr. Li Shu Wing David
                                                              KY1-1111
    Dr. Gao Wei
                                                              Cayman Islands

    COMPANY SECRETARY
                                                              PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS
    Ms. Ma Rongkun                                            AND HEAD OFFICE IN THE PEOPLE’S
                                                              REPUBLIC OF CHINA (THE “PRC”)
    AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES
                                                              AK Medical Industrial Park
    Ms. Zhang Bin                                             No. 5 Wen’an Street
    Ms. Ma Rongkun                                            Changping District
                                                              Beijing 102299
    AUDIT COMMITTEE (THE “AUDIT                               China

    COMMITTEE”)
                                                              PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
    Mr. Kong Chi Mo (Chairman)                                HONG KONG
    Dr. Li Shu Wing David
    Dr. Wang David Guowei                                     Room 1928, 19/F
                                                              Lee Garden One
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE (THE                               33 Hysan Avenue
                                                              Causeway Bay
    “REMUNERATION COMMITTEE”)                                 Hong Kong

    Dr. Li Shu Wing David (Chairman)
    Mr. Kong Chi Mo                                           AUDITOR
    Mr. Li Zhijiang
                                                              KPMG
                                                              Public Interest Entity Auditor registered in accordance with
                                                              the Accounting and Financial Reporting Council Ordinance
                                                              8th Floor, Prince’s Building
                                                              10 Chater Road, Central, Hong Kong




2        AK Medical Holdings Limited
CORPORATE INFORMATION




HONG KONG LEGAL ADVISER                  PRINCIPAL BANKS
Johnson Stokes & Master                  Agricultural Bank of China
16th-18th Floors, Prince’s Building      Bank of China
10 Chater Road, Central, Hong Kong       Bank of Communications
                                         Hang Seng Bank Limited
CAYMAN ISLANDS PRINCIPAL SHARE           The Hong Kong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited
                                         China Merchants Bank
REGISTRAR                                Shanghai Pudong Development Bank
                                         Bank of Jiangsu
Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited
Cricket Square
Hutchins Drive                           LISTING INFORMATION
P.O. Box 2681                            AND STOCK CODE
Grand Cayman KY1-1111
Cayman Islands                           The Company’s ordinary shares (“Share(s)”) are listed on the
                                         Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
SHARE REGISTRAR IN HONG KONG             (the “Hong Kong Stock Exchange”)
                                         (Stock Code: 1789.HK)
Tricor Investor Services Limited
17/F, Far East Finance Centre
16 Harcourt Road
Hong Kong


COMPANY WEBSITE
www.ak-medical.net




                                                                                Interim Report 2025     3
    FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS


    The board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) of AK Medical Holdings Limited (“AK Medical” or the “Company”)
    hereby announced the unaudited consolidated interim results of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”)
    for the six months ended 30 June 2025 (the “Reporting Period”), which have been reviewed by the Audit Committee. The
    Group’s financial highlights for the Reporting Period together with comparative data for the corresponding period of the
    previous year are set out below:

                                                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                  2025           2024                Variance
                                                                               RMB’000        RMB’000                      %

    Revenue                                                                      694,227           657,102              5.6%
    Gross profit                                                                 410,335           398,480              3.0%
    Profit for the period                                                        160,611           139,253             15.3%
    Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
      (the “Shareholders”)                                                       160,611           139,253             15.3%

    Earnings per share
    Basic                                                                      RMB0.14            RMB0.12
    Diluted                                                                    RMB0.14            RMB0.12


    For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group achieved revenue of approximately RMB694.2 million, representing
    a year-on-year increase of approximately 5.6% as compared with the six months ended 30 June 2024. In the first half of
    2025, driven by the volume-based procurement (“VBP”) policy, import substitution was further accelerated. The demand
    for the Company’s surgical products continued to grow, and the sales of products covered by the national VBP further
    increased. The Group achieved an increase of 15.3% in profit for the six months ended 30 June 2025 as compared with the
    six months ended 30 June 2024. The increase in profit was primarily attributable to revenue growth.




4        AK Medical Holdings Limited
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


Dear investors and friends,

In the first half of 2025, China continued to advance medical insurance reform. According to the requirements of the
“14th Five-Year Plan for National Medical Insurance”, medical insurance departments would support the research and
development of innovative pharmaceuticals and medical devices through data empowerment. The Group focused on
increasing penetration in high-tier hospitals, continued to expand into the international market, and optimized its intelligent
ecosystem of iCOS digital orthopedics customized products and services platform (the “iCOS Digital Orthopedics
Platform”) to continuously enhance its competitiveness, thereby achieving successful performance growth.

In the first half of 2025, the Company maintained stable operation and achieved improvement in both income and profit. The
Company’s revenue for the period amounted to RMB694 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 5.6%, and the net
profit was RMB161 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 15.3%.

2025 is the first full year for the whole country to carry out the renewed procurement (second round) for artificial joint
products. The Company’s logic of “increasing both quantity and price” is being realized, and there is still huge room for
growth in the domestic market. The Company achieved improvement in both income and profit, which was mainly attributed
to the following three key factors:

Firstly, in the domestic joint and orthopedic medical device market, the VBP policy for joints was successfully implemented
in all provinces in the first half of 2025. As industry policy implementation continued to deepen, the market share of
international manufacturers gradually shrank, creating favorable conditions for the Group to expand into the high-end
market. Leveraging its industry-leading digital orthopedic ecosystem, robust product portfolio, strict quality control system,
strong R&D technology reserves, and comprehensive academic support network, AK Medical has successfully completed
terminal coverage of core tertiary A-level hospitals in Shanghai and other key cities in Guangdong, Zhejiang, and Jiangsu. In
the first half of 2025, the number of high-level contributed surgeries increased by 33% year-on-year, constantly raising the
clinical recognition of the Company’s products.

Looking ahead to the second half of the year, the Group will focus on advancing the following strategic initiatives: adjusting
the sales team’s organizational structure, implementing a comprehensive coverage strategy for tiered hospitals, and
providing differentiated academic support solutions tailored to the characteristics of medical institutions of different tiers;
strengthening the professionalization and digitalized empowerment of channel partners; and continuously investing in
improving digitalized services and tool platform construction to comprehensively enhance the service capabilities of partner
distributors. Through these measures, the Group aims to further increase its market share and consolidate its leading
position in the domestic orthopedics industry.

Secondly, the Company vigorously expanded into mature European markets as well as emerging markets such as
Latin America and Southeast Asia, achieving growth in both mature and emerging markets. The Company also actively
participated in promoting international medical exchanges and cooperation through the “Health Silk Road International
Exchange Program”, significantly enhancing the influence of Chinese brands in the “Belt and Road” countries. In the first
half of 2025, the Company held a total of six serial activities with the Health Silk Road International Cooperation Alliance,
covering 51 medical institutions at home and abroad and attracting more than 140 participants.

Thirdly, the Company maintained an industry-leading position in technological innovation, consistently spearheading industry
development across a range of technologies, from 3D printing and ICOS personalized customization platform to intelligent
navigation and robotics. In the first half of 2025, the Company’s iCOS Digital Orthopedics Platform achieved another major
breakthrough, with the successful launch of K3 knee joint intelligent navigation robot system. Furthermore, the Group
became the first in the orthopedics field to commercialize its self-developed robotic arm technology, further consolidating its
leadership in intelligent orthopedic surgical solutions.




                                                                                                         Interim Report 2025      5
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




    At the same time, to deepen the integration of medicine and engineering and promote the coordinated development of
    R&D and marketing, the Company implemented a program to cultivate compound R&D and marketing talents. By selecting
    outstanding R&D personnel to strengthen the marketing team, the Company focused on cultivating compound sales talents
    with professional medical backgrounds and digitalized service capabilities to more accurately meet clinical needs and
    enhance the level of professional services.

    In the first half of 2025, the Group reached a significant milestone with the official opening of its next-generation intelligent
    factory. This marked the Company’s first independent industrial base after 22 years of development since its founding in
    2003. The new facility integrates R&D, production, warehousing, and sales, and incorporates advanced design concepts on
    low carbon, emissions reduction, energy conservation, and environmental protection, striving to create an industry-leading
    green intelligent manufacturing base. The strategic layout of the intelligent factory embodies the Group’s development
    philosophy of “long-term accumulation before making a powerful breakthrough”. Throughout its long-term development,
    the Company has consistently prioritized innovation as its driving strategy. Through sustained R&D investment, AK Medical
    has built the iCOS Digital Orthopedics Platform led by 3D printing technology, and has secured the most patents and seven
    innovative pathway product qualifications in the domestic industry. The establishment of the ITI Production Base in 2016,
    the completion of the cross-border acquisition of JRI in 2018, and the successful merger and acquisition of Libeier in 2020
    fully demonstrate the Company’s forward-looking strategic layout. For 22 years, the Group has consistently prioritized
    technological innovation and development, committed to providing sustainable solutions to the industry. This philosophy has
    become a core consensus among all of us in AK Medical.

    Looking ahead to 2025, the industry will reach a significant policy turning point. The National Healthcare Security
    Administration has held five consecutive special seminars, focusing on supporting the development of innovative
    pharmaceuticals and medical devices. Against this backdrop, the industry’s competitive landscape will further evolve toward
    high-quality development, prompting enterprises truly focusing on improving product quality and technological innovation to
    build differentiated competitive advantages. It is anticipated that as national policies on digital orthopedics become clearer,
    digital orthopedics-related businesses will experience significant growth. As for overseas markets, we will continue expansion
    and anticipate continued, sustainable growth.

    In the future, AK Medical will continue to uphold the great vision of being a world-class and leading brand, adhere to
    innovation and enterprising spirit, and constantly improve operation results, bringing greater value to shareholders and
    society. I am looking forward to working together with all of you to create a great future.




    Li Zhijiang
    Chairman
    Hong Kong, 27 August 2025




6        AK Medical Holdings Limited
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND OUTLOOK
Overview

In 2025, driven by proactive guidance of national policies and continuous release of market vitality, China’s medical
industry has accelerated its transformation towards high-quality development. AK Medical has precisely seized the policy
opportunities to align its corporate development goals with national strategies, further strengthening its leading position in
China’s orthopedic industry.

In the first half of 2025, following the National Healthcare Security Administration (“NHSA”)’s announcement of the “Selection
Results of the Renewed VBP of Artificial Joints Upon Expiration of the Purchasing Agreement” last year, the renewed
procurement policy for artificial joints has been fully implemented across all provinces. This has accelerated the pace of
import substitution and opened up new market and customer opportunities for the Group. Leveraging its excellent product
reputation and strong product capabilities, AK Medical further accelerated its import substitution efforts, achieving extensive
coverage across key national and provincial hospitals.

In the first half of 2025, following the completion of the new industrial park, the Group completed the construction of its
digitalized orthopedics interactive platform and interactive experience center. This integrated facility offers comprehensive
services across the total solution of digital orthopedics. The center integrates physical displays and virtual simulation
technologies to facilitate diverse functions, such as product demonstrations, physician training, patient education and clinical
validation, and creates platform for surgeon-engineer interaction and a showcase for innovative achievements.

In the first half of 2025, the Group’s K3 intelligent surgical robot received marketing approval from the National Medical
Products Administration (“NMPA”). The Group continued to enhance its iCOS digital orthopedics customized products and
services platform (the “iCOS Digital Orthopedics Platform”), improving the closed-loop orthopedic digital ecosystem,
expanding market share, and strengthening its dominant position in the orthopedics field. The iCOS Digital Orthopedics
Platform delivers a comprehensive solution encompassing “preoperative planning, intraoperative navigation, and
postoperative monitoring”. It enables physicians to customize preoperative planning three-dimensionally, precisely connect
the robot/navigation system during surgery, and provide postoperative rehabilitation optimization tools. By combining
with the “traditional – complicated – customized” implant product lines, the Group innovatively launched an integrated,
total solution of “preoperative planning + intraoperative navigation/robotic system + implant”. This marks a shift in value
from selling standalone products to delivering comprehensive solutions, driving the industry’s transition to a value-based
healthcare model.

At the same time, AK Medical continued to deepen its international presence, focusing on enhancing its brand influence
and international competitiveness. Driven by high-quality development, AK Medical aims to provide patients worldwide with
enhanced healthcare options and service experiences.

As of 30 June 2025, the Group recorded sales revenue of approximately RMB694.2 million, representing an increase of
approximately 5.6% compared to the same period of 2024, and net profit of approximately RMB160.6 million, representing
an approximate increase of 15.3% compared to the same period of 2024.




                                                                                                          Interim Report 2025      7
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




    Business of Hip and Knee Implants

    The Group’s hip and knee implant business encompasses hip and knee products manufactured by both traditional
    technology and 3D printing technology. The Group offers customers and patients a full line of joint implants manufactured
    by different technologies, including hip and knee implants and instruments suitable for primary, complicated, revision and
    reconstructive operations.

    In the first half of 2025, the Company continued to expand its market share in the hip and knee replacement segment of
    the surgical implant market. The Group continued to deepen its strategic cooperation with national medical centers and
    provincial major medical institutions, and significantly enhanced its brand influence and market share through the innovative
    model of the digital orthopedic ecosystem. The import substitution process has yielded remarkable results, with the Group’s
    products achieving breakthrough progress in clinical application at high-end medical institutions, especially in economically
    developed regions such as the Yangtze River Delta and the Pearl River Delta. This includes tertiary hospitals in major
    provinces such as Shanghai, Guangdong, Zhejiang, and Jiangsu, which have long been dominated by imported products.
    The Group’s products have achieved large-scale clinical application. The proportion of surgeries using these products has
    continued to increase, successfully breaking the long-standing market dominance of imported brands. This achievement fully
    demonstrates the Group’s comprehensive competitive advantages in product quality, technological innovation, and clinical
    services.

    As of 30 June 2025, the Group’s revenue from hip and knee products was approximately RMB604.2 million, a year-on-year
    increase of 8.8%.

    Spinal and Trauma Implants Business

    The Group has a complete line of conventional spinal and trauma products, as well as 3D-printed spinal products.
    Leveraging its unique 3D printing technology, the Group has developed a differentiated product portfolio.

    In the first half of 2025, the Group’s spinal business continued to face short-term pressure due to policy impacts. Despite
    these challenges, the Group remained committed to actively expanding its portfolio of new spinal product. Within the spinal
    surgery market, atlantoaxial lateral mass fusion, vertebral reconstruction, and pelvic reconstruction were experiencing rapid
    growth. Leveraging iCOS technology, the Company has responded swiftly to market changes, driving rapid growth in the
    implantation of its atlantoaxial lateral mass fusion product. Since its initial launch in 2024, the product expanded from just
    over 20 hospitals to over 40 hospitals in the first half of 2025, representing an implantation growth rate of 87%.

    In the first half of 2025, the spinal product line gained access to 49 new hospitals, including four high-end Tier 1 hospitals
    and 16 Tier 2 hospitals.

    As of 30 June 2025, the Group’s revenue from spinal and trauma implants was approximately RMB50.7 million, representing
    a year-on-year decrease of 26.5%.




8        AK Medical Holdings Limited
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Digital Orthopedics Customized Products and Services

On 3 July 2025, the NMPA announced measures to optimize the full lifecycle regulation of high-end medical devices, with
a focus on supporting innovative products such as surgical robots and 3D-printed bone implants. In response, the Group
has established a comprehensive solution network encompassing “preoperative planning – intraoperative digital assistance –
prognosis monitoring”. Based on customized 3D preoperative planning and products, the Group precisely matches robots,
navigation systems, and customized tools during surgery to ensure accurate and efficient surgeries.

On 14 May 2025, AK Medical’s K3 intelligent surgical robot, a fully self-developed robotic system, received marketing
approval from the NMPA, further enhancing the strategic layout of its digital orthopedics ecosystem.

In the first half of 2025, due to the impact of changes in industry policies, transparency and standardization in the medical
field significantly improved. However, fluctuations during this transitional period continued to impact the surgical volume
using iCOS customized products. Going forward, with the gradual clarification of national digital orthopedics policies, digital
orthopedics-related businesses are expected to achieve significant growth.

As of 30 June 2025, the Group’s revenue from digital orthopedics customized products and services was approximately
RMB18.4 million, representing an increase of approximately 3.9% as compared with the same period of 2024.

Overseas Business

Overseas strategy is an important part of the Group’s growth strategy. In 2025, the Group continued to actively expand
into international markets. At the same time, relying on the “Health Silk Road International Exchange Program”, the Group
actively carried out a series of international exchange activities. In the first half of 2025, the Group held a total of six serial
activities with the Health Silk Road International Cooperation Alliance, covering three continents and four countries, and
attracting more than 140 participants. The related news coverage received over 100,000 views.

In the first half of 2025, the Group newly registered four overseas countries, with another 15 countries in the process of
registration access and there were five new distributors.

In the first half of 2025, the Group’s revenue from overseas products amounted to approximately RMB128.2 million, an
increase of approximately 4.0% compared with the revenue for the same period of 2024. This revenue has been included in
the revenue from hip and knee joints, and digital orthopedics customized products and services mentioned above.

Research and Development

On 3 July 2025, the NMPA issued an announcement to comprehensively optimize the full lifecycle regulation of high-end
medical devices, with a focus on supporting the development of innovative products such as surgical robots and metal
additive manufacturing bone implants. This move aims to accelerate the transformation and upgrading of China’s high-end
medical device industry, promote high-quality development in the healthcare sector, and enhance global competitiveness. In
alignment with the country’s long-term development strategy for the healthcare industry, the Group will continue to build an
innovative R&D system encompassing “technology leadership, clinical guidance, and market transformation”.

On 26 March 2025, the NMPA’s Center for Medical Device Evaluation announced a list of innovative medical devices
undergoing special review. The Group’s “Magnetic Control Non-Invasive Extendable Prosthesis System” was successfully
approved for special review. As a key R&D project of the Group, this product has undergone eight years of collaborative
clinical and engineering innovation, breaking through international technological barriers and pioneering the localization of
core orthopedic non-invasive extension technology. It provides safer and more convenient treatment options for patients
with growing bone tumors, filling a technological gap in China.




                                                                                                             Interim Report 2025      9
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     As of 30 June 2025, the Group had three more products accepted into the review pathway for innovative medical devices,
     bringing the total number of products entering the national review pathway for innovative medical devices to seven and
     maintaining the Group’s leading position in the number of approvals received in China’s orthopedics field. This fully reflects
     the Group’s deep accumulation of multi-level innovation capabilities in terms of basic research, core algorithms, key
     materials, system integration, etc.

     In addition to innovative R&D of implants, the Group’s independently developed K3 intelligent surgical robot obtained its
     registration certificate approved by the NMPA on 14 May 2025. Equipped with a fully self-developed robotic arm and control
     algorithm, K3 system has advantages such as high degrees of freedom and sub-millimeter precision control. It marks a new
     stage for the Group in the field of digital orthopedic intelligent equipment, promoting the localization of surgical robots and
     the continuous in-depth development of the digital orthopedic ecosystem.

     In the first half of 2025, the Group achieved breakthroughs in intelligent medical imaging and digital orthopedics. In terms
     of core algorithms and biomechanical modeling, the Group independently developed a deep learning-based CT/MRI/
     X-ray multimodal image fusion algorithm, innovatively establishing the “dynamic mechanical matching for the implant-bone
     interface” model to address the challenge of osteoporosis prosthesis subsidence. This core algorithm and biomechanical
     modeling enables the development of an intelligent process: based on high-precision 3D image reconstruction, intelligent
     algorithms analyze CT parameters and calculate bone biomechanical properties, ultimately generating a personalized
     prosthesis solution that matches the patient’s bone modulus. In terms of digital twin applications, the Group constructed
     a digital model for the full lifecycle of patients, enabling a dynamic simulation of “preoperative planning – intraoperative
     navigation – postoperative rehabilitation”. The Group also established a data management system for the entire implant
     process (design  production  implantation  tracking), dynamically simulating rehabilitation progress of individuals, thus
     optimizing treatment plans and rehabilitation pathways. In terms of the construction of an innovation system, the Group
     created the iCOS medical-engineering collaborative cloud platform to enable real-time cross-regional collaboration among
     clinical experts, engineers, and algorithms, forming a new R&D model of “driven by data + enabled by cloud synergy” and
     accelerating the clinical transformation and large-scale application of core digital orthopedic technologies.

     Sales and Marketing

     The Group firmly believes that education is an essential tool for translating innovation into tangible value for patients,
     surgeons, and healthcare systems. Since its establishment in 2012, AK Institute has evolved into a global education
     platform, offering courses tailored to the personalized needs of each surgeon across all the Group’s business lines. In the
     first half of 2025, the Group achieved a strategic upgrade, transitioning from local development to global expansion through
     the establishment of a three-pronged academic promotion system encompassing “technical training – product innovation
     – international exchange”. This initiative led to significant breakthroughs in the popularization of intelligent orthopedic
     technologies, the innovative R&D of domestic prostheses, and the export of international standards. These achievements not
     only solidified the Group’s technological leadership in the domestic market but also propelled Chinese orthopedic solutions
     onto the global stage.

     At the same time, surgical instruments are a key component of the healthcare service system. Under the current pricing
     policy framework, the Group continues to allocate reasonable resources to the continuous optimization and upgrading of
     its instrument system. By establishing an industry-leading instrument R&D system, the Group creates a rapid and efficient
     service mechanism that continuously improves its professional service capabilities. This strengthens trust and reliance
     among medical institutions and clinicians, thereby building a more stable medical-enterprise partnership and providing
     higher-quality technical support and service guarantees for clinical diagnosis and treatment.




10        AK Medical Holdings Limited
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Conventional Joints and Spine Business Promotion

In the first half of 2025, the Group continued to implement its marketing strategy of “driven by innovation, priority on
education”, deepening its industry influence through a diversified matrix of academic activities. The Group has established
an academic exchange system covering the entire field of conventional joint replacement, conducting a series of marketing
activities centered around themes such as “knee preservation”, “developmental dysplasia of the hip”, and “complex
revision”. In the first half of 2025, the Group held four AC ONE developmental hip dysplasia prosthesis seminars, four HAUK
unicompartmental multicenter academic conferences, and four complex hip and knee revision technology summits. The
Group’s conventional joint product line utilizes precise anatomical matching, intelligent navigation technology, and modular
patch design to effectively address traditional prosthetic fit issues. These innovations enhance surgical precision and
acetabular coverage, filling a technological gap in China.

In the spine sector, the Group’s vertebral reconstruction product line has also experienced rapid growth. With advancements
in spinal tumor diagnosis and treatment technologies and significantly extended patient survival rates, ensuring the
durability of spinal stability restoration has become a critical clinical issue that needs to be addressed. The Group promotes
innovative development in spinal tumor diagnosis and treatment technologies, contributing to the elevation of spinal tumor
diagnosis and treatment standards in China. With the launch of the “Bone Warrior” series of academic activities, the Group
has held three events to date, reaching over 15,000 online participants. The compound annual growth rate for vertebral
reconstruction products has reached 30%.

Digital Orthopedics Capacity Building Project

On 14 May 2025, AK Medical’s K3 intelligent surgical robot, a self-developed robotic system, received marketing approval
from the NMPA. Following this milestone, one unit has already been commercialized.

On 3 June 2025, Peking University Third Hospital, with the assistance of K3 intelligent surgical robot, performed a revision
knee replacement surgery using 3D-printed bioprostheses on a patient suffering from aseptic loosening after knee
replacement. The surgery went smoothly, and the patient recovered well. Such procedure was a global first, and marked
the first clinical application of a domestically produced surgical robot for revision joint replacement. In clinical application,
K3 demonstrated the unique advantages of its “fully self-developed robotic arm”. Its unique soft tissue balancing function
enabled surgeons to enhance preoperative planning and intraoperative precision. The VTS System has also received high
praise from experts in over 30 clinical demonstrations domestically and internationally, showcasing its precision advantages
in complicated THA/TKA surgeries.

Since the medical industry standardization led by the National Health Commission in 2023, the National Health Commission
has repeatedly emphasized that academic activities, that strictly adhere to the relevant national policies and regulations, and
are conducted in a regulated manner, should be given strong support. On 14 June 2025, the third expert working meeting
under the Research Project on Improving Clinical Application Capabilities of Digital Orthopedic Technology, organized
by the Capacity Building and Continuing Education Center of the National Health Commission, was held in Beijing. The
meeting focused on the standardized application of robotic-assisted joint replacement technology, aiming to promote the
development of precision orthopedic diagnosis and treatment.

As of 30 June 2025, the Group’s intelligent assistance devices had been used in over 1,700 clinical surgeries.




                                                                                                           Interim Report 2025      11
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Health Silk Road International Exchange Program

     Following the “Health Silk Road International Cooperation Alliance” hospital plaque unveiling ceremony in Beijing in May
     2024, as a project undertaking unit, the Group actively promoted international medical exchange and cooperation. In the
     first half of 2025, the Group held a total of six serial activities with the Health Silk Road International Cooperation Alliance,
     covering three continents (including Latin America and South Asia), four countries, and engaging over 140 participants. The
     related news coverage received over 100,000 views, reflecting strong public interest and engagement. As an important
     practitioner of the “Belt and Road” medical cooperation, the Group successfully built an orthopedic innovation and exchange
     platform across three continents in the first half of 2025, systematically exporting China’s technical standards in the field of
     3D-printed personalized prostheses, and promoting the coordinated development of orthopedic diagnosis and treatment
     standards in countries along the route.

     Production and Manufacturing

     The Group is actively committed to constructing a digitalized and highly efficient internal production and supply chain. On 7
     May 2025, the AK Medical Industrial Park officially opened as scheduled. With a total construction area exceeding 39,500
     square meters, the industrial park will be able to support future growth and meet increasing product demand. Its integrated
     digital management system will significantly improve operational efficiency. At the same time, the park embraces green
     building concepts and utilizes a ground-source heat pump system, which saves over 30% energy compared to traditional
     air conditioning systems. Moreover, the park features a 1.5-megawatt rooftop photovoltaic clean energy power station,
     expected to reduce carbon dioxide emissions by 1,575 tons annually. By continuing to promote clean energy substitution
     and optimize its energy structure, the Group fully implements the national strategy of “carbon peak and carbon neutrality”,
     and provides strong support for the Group’s long-term development in the healthcare industry.

     The AK Industrial Park features three independent digital manufacturing systems, namely the iCOS R&D and production
     workshop, the 3D printing workshop, and the digital manufacturing workshop, achieving a coordinated and integrated
     approach to functions and businesses. The iCOS workshop specializes in utilizing cutting-edge digital technologies to
     achieve efficient and precise manufacturing of personalized prostheses. The 3D printing workshop leverages advanced
     multi-material 3D printing (such as metal, polymer powder/photosensitive resin printing) and automated post-processing
     equipment to directly transform digital models into high-quality prosthetic components (such as joints, bone defect
     prostheses, and tumor reconstruction prostheses). The digital workshop is committed to shortening delivery cycles and
     improving product precision and consistency. The workshops integrate CAD/CAM/CAE systems, establishing a closed-loop
     management process from data acquisition, intelligent design, digital processing, to quality traceability. All workshops
     adhere to Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) of medical devices, ensuring product safety and effectiveness, providing
     more efficient and high-quality solutions for clinical practice, and promoting the innovative development and intelligent
     manufacturing upgrades of orthopedic medical devices.

     In addition, the AK Industrial Park has fully introduced the digitalized management system, integrating the R&D center, smart
     manufacturing center, finished product warehousing, and sales operation center under an “integrated” construction concept.
     This promotes efficient collaboration and information sharing among departments, forming a collaborative innovation force,
     enabling rapid iterations of products and technological transformation, and further consolidating the foundation for the
     enterprise’s sustainable and high-quality development.




12        AK Medical Holdings Limited
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Prospect

Looking ahead, as the VBP policy for high-value medical consumables enters a critical transition period, the Group will
actively respond to the NHSA’s policy guidance of “supporting the globalization of innovative pharmaceuticals and medical
devices, promoting the globalization of medicine”, focusing on building a dual-engine development model driven by “digital
transformation and upgrading + international market expansion”. Leveraging its personalized diagnosis and treatment service
system built on the iCOS Digital Orthopedics Platform, the Group will continue to advance the construction of an intelligent,
interactive ecosystem and explore innovative business models. Upholding the dual-brand collaborative development strategy
of “AK Medical + JRI”, the Group will accelerate its overseas market deployment, promote high-quality development in the
high-end orthopedic medical device industry, and deliver sustainable value returns to the Shareholders.

Supporting the upgrade of marketing channel system and services , and building a digital
channel management system

With the full implementation of VBP policy for orthopedics in 2025, the industry’s pricing system has stabilized, and market
adjustments have gradually completed. Seizing the strategic opportunity of domestic substitution for medical devices, the
Group leveraged its product quality advantages and brand influence to successfully establish a strategic presence in key
national and provincial medical institutions. It also significantly increased its market share in core regions such as Shanghai,
Zhejiang, Guangdong, and Jiangsu, which have long been dominated by imported products.

In the first half of 2025, the industry’s competitive landscape continued to diverge, with intensified competition from
non-leading enterprises. The mass market for artificial joints offered significant room for consolidation, with a gradual
shift towards leading domestic players. To ensure sustained growth in its conventional product business, the Group will
continue to strengthen its core competitive advantages in the high-end medical market while systematically implementing
a differentiated market segmentation strategy. This includes increasing resource investment in the mass market, and
prioritizing support for the optimization and upgrade of its marketing channel system and the construction of its digital
channels. AK Medical will refine its digital empowerment system, strengthen its channel partner service capabilities, and
comprehensively deepen its strategic layout for expanding mass market business.

Dual-brand strategy to expand overseas markets

The Group boasts two strategic brands. “JRI”, a professional brand rooted in the European market, has established
exceptional brand credibility in the international high-end medical market with over 50 years of industry experience
and clinically proven product performance. “AK”, a leading Chinese brand, leverages its scaled production advantages
and flexible marketing strategies to establish a significant competitive advantage in the domestic market. Through the
implementation of a dual-brand collaborative development strategy, the Group innovatively adopts an international operating
model of “JRI brand promotion + AK manufacturing”, effectively integrating R&D technology and production resources to
focus on expanding into the overseas mid-to-high-end medical device market. Building on the “Belt and Road” healthcare
cooperation framework, the Group has positioned its overseas business as a core strategic growth driver. By continuously
expanding the scope of its product registration countries and using the “Health Silk Road International Exchange Program”
as the platform, the Group is systematically building brand influence in emerging markets.




                                                                                                          Interim Report 2025      13
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Digital industrial park to support digital orthopedics construction and accelerate
     commercialization

     With the official launch of the Group’s digital industrial park, the new park has deployed a smart energy management system
     to enable real-time monitoring and dynamic optimization of energy usage, significantly improving energy efficiency. The
     park integrates core functional modules such as the R&D and innovation center, the smart manufacturing base, the smart
     warehousing and logistics, and the digital marketing platform, systematically advancing the digital transformation of the
     Group’s entire industry chain. The current domestic and overseas medical device markets are experiencing sustained growth
     in demand for smart navigation and robotic-assisted technologies, which are expected to accelerate commercialization. The
     Group is seizing this strategic opportunity to continuously promote the implementation of these technologies. The Group is
     leveraging this opportunity to actively explore a new business model centered on the integration of “products + technology
     + services”, aiming to create a closed-loop digital orthopedics ecosystem.


     FINANCIAL REVIEW
     Overview

                                                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                   2025           2024                Variance
                                                                                RMB’000        RMB’000                      %

     Revenue                                                                      694,227           657,102              5.6%
     Gross profit                                                                 410,335           398,480              3.0%
     Profit for the period                                                        160,611           139,253             15.3%
     Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company                    160,611           139,253             15.3%

     Earnings per share
     Basic                                                                      RMB0.14            RMB0.12
     Diluted                                                                    RMB0.14            RMB0.12


     For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group achieved revenue of approximately RMB694.2 million, representing a
     year-on-year increase of approximately 5.6% as compared with the same period of 2024. In the first half of 2025, driven by
     the VBP policy, import substitution was further accelerated. The demand for the Company’s surgical products continued to
     grow, and the sales of products covered by the national VBP further increased. The Group achieved an increase of 15.3%
     in profit for the six months ended 30 June 2025 as compared with the same period of 2024. The increase in profit was
     primarily attributable to revenue growth.

     The following discussions are based on the financial information and notes set out in this report and should be read in
     conjunction with them.




14        AK Medical Holdings Limited
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Revenue

                                                                                                          Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                         2025           2024                    Variance
                                                                                                      RMB’000        RMB’000                          %

Hip replacement implants(1)                                                                             409,675          359,357                  14.0%
Knee replacement implants(2)                                                                            194,489          195,804                  -0.7%
Spinal and trauma implants(3)                                                                            50,732           69,056                 -26.5%
Digital orthopedics customised products and services(4)                                                  18,424           17,725                   3.9%
Others(5)                                                                                                20,907           15,160                  37.9%

Total                                                                                                   694,227          657,102                    5.6%


Notes:

(1)      Including 3D-printed hip replacement implants;

(2)      Including 3D-printed knee replacement implants;

(3)      Including 3D-printed spinal and trauma implants;

(4)      Including customised joint, pelvic, spinal and trauma implant products, customised value-added surgical services and Visual Treatment Solution (VTS)
         Navigation System;

(5)      Others primarily include surgical instruments, medical irrigators and third party orthopedic products.


Revenue for the six months ended 30 June 2025 amounted to approximately RMB694.2 million, representing an increase of
5.6% from approximately RMB657.1 million for the same period of 2024. The increase in revenue was largely attributable to
the boost in the sales of hip and knee replacement implant products covered by the national VBP policy for joint implants.

Hip and Knee Replacement Implant Products

The hip and knee replacement implant products include knee replacement implants and hip replacement implants, as well
as 3D-printed hip and knee replacement implants.

Revenue from hip replacement implants for the six months ended 30 June 2025 amounted to approximately RMB409.7
million, representing an increase of 14.0% from approximately RMB359.4 million for the same period of 2024. Revenue
from knee replacement implants for the six months ended 30 June 2025 amounted to approximately RMB194.5 million,
representing a decrease of 0.7% from approximately RMB195.8 million for the same period of 2024.

In the first half of 2025, further driven by the national VBP policy for joint implants, the Company continued to experience
strong growth in demand for the Company’s surgical products, leading to a continuous growth in sales revenue from hip
and knee replacement implant products within the scope of VBP. However, the sales price of unicondyle implant products
outside the scope of VBP decreased, resulting in a slight decrease in revenue from knee replacement implants. In the
meantime, the Company achieved continuous growth in overseas revenue from its hip and knee replacement implant
products through active market expansion.




                                                                                                                                   Interim Report 2025          15
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Spinal and Trauma Implant Products

     The spinal and trauma implant products of the Group comprise traditional spinal implants and trauma implants, as well
     as 3D-printed spinal implants. Revenue from spinal and trauma implant products for the six months ended 30 June 2025
     amounted to approximately RMB50.7 million, representing a decrease of 26.5% from approximately RMB69.1 million for
     the same period of 2024. During the first half of 2025, impacted by policy factor, short-term revenue from spinal business
     declined. Despite this the Group leveraged its unique 3D printing technology to formulate a differentiated product mix, which
     was highly recognized by the market. As a result, the spinal products recorded a significant growth in implant volume. At the
     same time, the Group achieved significant growth in sales of trauma implant products through proactive market expansion.

     Digital Orthopedics Customized Products and Services

     Revenue from the Group’s digital orthopedics customized products and services includes revenue from customized joint,
     pelvic, spinal and trauma implant products, customized value-added surgical services and Visual Treatment Solution (VTS)
     Navigation System. Revenue from digital orthopedics customized products and services for the six months ended 30 June
     2025 amounted to approximately RMB18.4 million, representing an increase of 3.9% from approximately RMB17.7 million
     for the same period of 2024. In the first half of 2025, the Company further leveraged its technical advantages in 3D-printed
     customized products and value-added surgical services, successfully extending its customized surgeries to a number of
     hospitals. This extension contributed to an increase in revenue from customized surgeries.

     Domestic and Overseas Sales

     The vast majority of the Group’s revenue is generated in China, with a relatively smaller percentage derived from overseas
     sales. A breakdown of its domestic and overseas sales revenue is set forth below:

                                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                    2025           2024                Variance
                                                                                 RMB’000        RMB’000                      %

     China                                                                         566,019           533,811               6.0%
     Other countries                                                               128,208           123,291               4.0%

     Total                                                                         694,227           657,102               5.6%


     For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group’s overseas sales revenue amounted to approximately RMB128.2 million,
     representing a year-on-year increase of 4.0%. The increase was primarily due to the rise in the volume of surgeries in the
     first half of 2025 as a result of the Company’s active expansion of overseas markets. Revenue from China for the six months
     ended 30 June 2025 amounted to approximately RMB566.0 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 6.0%, mainly
     due to the aforementioned rise in the volume of surgeries.

     Cost of Sales

     For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the cost of sales was approximately RMB283.9 million, representing an increase of
     9.8% from approximately RMB258.6 million for the same period of 2024. The increase in cost of sales was primarily due to
     an increase in the sales volume of products of the Group.




16           AK Medical Holdings Limited
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Gross Profit and Gross Margin

Gross profit represents revenue less cost of sales. The gross profit of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2025
amount to approximately RMB410.3 million, representing an increase of 3.0% as compared to approximately RMB398.5
million for the same period of 2024. The increase in gross profit was primarily due to the increase in revenue.

Gross margin is calculated as gross profit divided by revenue. The gross margin of the Group was 59.1% for the six months
ended 30 June 2025, representing a decrease of 1.5% from 60.6% for the same period of 2024. The proportion of revenue
from spinal and trauma implant products decreased, which led to a slight drop in gross margin.

Other Income, Net

Other income of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2025 was approximately RMB18.3 million, representing
an increase of approximately RMB15.4 million from approximately RMB2.9 million for the same period of 2024. Other
income for the six months ended 30 June 2025 mainly represents government subsidy income and grants for research and
development projects received.

Selling and Distribution Expenses

The selling and distribution expenses of the Group were approximately RMB117.3 million for the six months ended 30
June 2025, representing an increase of 3.8% from approximately RMB113.0 million for the same period of 2024. The slight
increase in selling expenses was mainly due to the increase in the Group’s domestic and international marketing activities
this year.

General and Administrative Expenses

The general and administrative expenses of the Group amounted to approximately RMB77.4 million for the six months
ended 30 June 2025, representing an increase of 7.1% from approximately RMB72.3 million for the same period of 2024.
The increase was primarily due to the one-off expenses incurred by the Group’s relocation in the first half of the year and the
credit loss provision for the aging and balance of accounts receivables.

Research and Development Expenses

The research and development expenses of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2025 were approximately
RMB66.7 million, representing an increase of 4.9% from approximately RMB63.6 million for the same period of 2024. The
increase was primarily related to the progress arrangements of the Company’s R&D projects. The Company will continue to
actively invest in R&D, strengthen its R&D team, actively implement R&D projects, as well as develop new products.

Net Finance Income

The net finance income of the Group was approximately RMB19.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025,
representing an increase of approximately RMB9.5 million from approximately RMB10.0 million for the same period of 2024.
The increase in finance income was primarily due to the combined effect of the increase in interest income and the foreign
exchange gain as a result of exchange rate movements.




                                                                                                         Interim Report 2025      17
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Income Tax Expenses

     The income tax expense of the Group was approximately RMB26.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025,
     representing an increase of 12.0% from approximately RMB23.3 million for the same period of 2024. The increase was
     primarily due to an increase in profit.

     Liquidity and Financial Resources

     The Group adopts a prudent fund management policy to maintain a solid and healthy financial position.

     The Group funds its operations principally from cash generated from its operations, equity financing from investors and bank
     loans. Its cash requirements relate primarily to production and operating activities, capital expenditures, interest and dividend
     payments, and repayment of liabilities as they become due.

     As at 30 June 2025, the Group had cash and cash equivalents of approximately RMB375.1 million, structured deposits
     of approximately RMB754.7 million, time deposits over three months of approximately RMB83.3 million and restricted
     deposits of approximately RMB223.4 million, amounting to approximately RMB1,436.5 million in aggregate, as compared
     with approximately RMB1,027.7 million as at 31 December 2024. The Group’s cash and cash equivalents were mainly
     denominated in RMB, US dollars and Hong Kong dollars. Bank loans were denominated in RMB. The Board’s approach to
     manage the liquidity of the Group is to ensure sufficient liquidity at any time to meet its matured liabilities so as to avoid any
     unacceptable losses or damage to the Group’s reputation.

     Net Current Assets

     The Group had net current assets of approximately RMB1,845.5 million as at 30 June 2025, representing an increase of
     approximately RMB263.9 million from approximately RMB1,581.6 million as at 31 December 2024. Such increase was
     primarily generated by the Group’s operation.

     Foreign Exchange Exposure

     The principal business of the Group is conducted in China. Foreign currency risks primarily include accounts receivables,
     accounts payables and cash balances that are denominated in foreign currencies, i.e. a currency other than the functional
     currency of the operations to which the transaction relates generating from overseas sales and purchases. The foreign
     currencies giving rise to this risk are primarily US dollars, Hong Kong dollars and Euro. For the six months ended 30
     June 2025, the Group recorded a net exchange gain of approximately RMB5.3 million, as compared to an exchange
     loss of approximately RMB0.9 million for the same period of 2024. So far, the Group has not entered into any hedging
     arrangements to manage foreign exchange risks but continues to actively monitor and oversee such risks.

     Capital Expenditure

     For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group’s total capital expenditure amounted to approximately RMB76.6 million,
     which was primarily used for (i) plant construction; (ii) purchase of patents; (iii) purchase of equipment, instruments and
     software for manufacturing.




18        AK Medical Holdings Limited
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Charge of Assets/Pledge of Assets

As at 30 June 2025, certain of the Group’s bank loans and bills payable were secured by the Group’s property, plant and
equipment of approximately RMB83.9 million, bills receivable of approximately RMB5.2 million and restricted deposits
of approximately RMB222.9 million (as of 31 December 2024: property, plant and equipment of nil, bills receivable of
approximately RMB22.9 million and restricted deposits of approximately RMB203.8 million), amounting to approximately
RMB312.0 million in aggregate (as of 31 December 2024: approximately RMB226.7 million).

Borrowings and Gearing Ratio

As at 30 June 2025, the balance of the Group’s short-term bank loans of approximately RMB136.1 million (as of 31
December 2024: approximately RMB60.4 million), which were repayable on demand within one year, and the balance of
the Group’s long-term borrowings of approximately RMB5.7 million (as of 31 December 2024: approximately RMB17.7
million), which were repayable on demand within five years, were mainly invested in the construction of the new plant
and supplementing daily working capital demand. All borrowings were denominated in RMB and Hong Kong dollars. The
Group’s loan term was not more than six years, and the borrowing rate was 1.5%-3.0%. Gearing ratio represents the
percentage of bank borrowings to total equity. As of 30 June 2025, the gearing ratio of the Group was approximately 5.2%
(as of 31 December 2024: approximately 3.0%).

Contingent Liabilities

As at 30 June 2025, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities (as at 31 December 2024: Nil).

Significant Investments

The Group did not hold any significant investments in the equity interests of any other companies as at 30 June 2025.

Material Acquisitions and Disposals

During the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group did not have any material acquisition or disposal of subsidiaries,
associates and joint ventures.

Future Plans for Material Investments and Capital Assets

As at 30 June 2025, the Group had one project under construction: a new plant in Changzhou West Taihu Lake Park.
Subject to the actual situation at the relevant time, the Company currently expects to provide funding for the project through
the use of internal funds and/or external funds. Other than the above, the Group has no other plans for material investments
and capital assets.

Employee and Remuneration Policy

As at 30 June 2025, the Group had 1,003 employees (31 December 2024: 954 employees). Total staff remuneration
expenses including Directors’ remuneration for the six months ended 30 June 2025 amounted to approximately RMB131.8
million (for the six months ended 30 June 2024: approximately RMB123.2 million). The increase in staff remuneration
expenses was mainly due to an increase in the number of employees. Remuneration is determined with reference to
performance, skills, qualifications and experience of the employees concerned and in accordance with the prevailing industry
practice. In addition to salary payments, other staff benefits include social insurance and housing provident fund provided by
the Group, performance-based compensation as well as bonus and share option schemes.




                                                                                                         Interim Report 2025     19
     REVIEW REPORT




     Review report to the board of directors of AK Medical Holdings Limited
     (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

     INTRODUCTION
     We have reviewed the interim financial report set out on pages 21 to 37 which comprises the consolidated statement of
     financial position of AK Medical Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) as of 30 June 2025
     and the related consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income and consolidated statement of
     changes in equity and condensed consolidated cash flow statement for the six-month period then ended and explanatory
     notes. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require the preparation
     of an interim financial report to be in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof and IAS 34, Interim financial reporting
     as issued by International Accounting Standards Board. The directors are responsible for the preparation and presentation
     of the interim financial report in accordance with IAS 34.

     Our responsibility is to express a conclusion, based on our review, on the interim financial report and to report our
     conclusion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do
     not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


     SCOPE OF REVIEW
     We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410, Review of interim
     financial information performed by the independent auditor of the entity as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
     Public Accountants. A review of interim financial report consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for
     financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope
     than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to
     obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly we
     do not express an audit opinion.


     CONCLUSION
     Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim financial report as at 30
     June 2025 is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with IAS 34, Interim financial reporting.




     KPMG
     Certified Public Accountants
     8th Floor, Prince’s Building
     10 Chater Road
     Central, Hong Kong

     27 August 2025




20        AK Medical Holdings Limited
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
for the six months ended 30 June 2025 – unaudited
(Expressed in Renminbi (“RMB”))




                                                                                        Six months ended 30 June
                                                                         Note                  2025                    2024
                                                                                            RMB’000                 RMB’000

Revenue                                                                    3                  694,227                 657,102
Cost of sales                                                                                (283,892)               (258,622)

Gross profit                                                                                  410,335                 398,480
Other income, net                                                                              18,263                    2,904
Selling and distribution expenses                                                            (117,297)               (113,007)
General and administrative expenses                                                           (77,386)                 (72,308)
Research and development expenses                                                             (66,701)                 (63,575)

Operating profit                                                                             167,214                  152,494
Net finance income                                                         5                  19,457                   10,030

Profit before taxation                                                     4                 186,671                  162,524
Income tax                                                                 6                 (26,060)                  (23,271)

Profit for the period                                                                        160,611                  139,253

Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company                                    160,611                  139,253

Other comprehensive income items that are or
  may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
Exchange differences on translation of financial statements of
  entities outside Chinese Mainland                                                             2,648                    1,260

Other comprehensive income, net of tax                                                          2,648                    1,260

Total comprehensive income                                                                   163,259                  140,513

Total comprehensive income attributable to
  equity shareholders of the Company                                                         163,259                  140,513

Earnings per share
  Basic                                                                   7(a)              RMB0.14                 RMB0.12
  Diluted                                                                 7(b)              RMB0.14                 RMB0.12




The notes on pages 26 to 37 form part of this interim financial report. Details of dividends payable to equity shareholders of
the Company are set out in note 14(b).


                                                                                                         Interim Report 2025      21
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
     at 30 June 2025 – unaudited
     (Expressed in RMB)




                                                                                      At 30 June   At 31 December
                                                                               Note         2025             2024
                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000

     Non-current assets
     Property, plant and equipment                                              8       702,746          683,616
     Intangible assets                                                                   81,430           83,338
     Goodwill                                                                           113,411          113,411
     Deferred tax assets                                                                 69,343           70,677
     Time deposits                                                                       10,179          206,301

                                                                                        977,109         1,157,343

     Current assets
     Inventories                                                                9       460,051          488,668
     Trade receivables                                                         10       520,662          494,820
     Bills receivable                                                          10        78,338           81,858
     Deposits, prepayments and other receivables                                         82,126           80,517
     Other financial assets                                                    15       759,617          615,235
     Time deposits                                                                      306,639           64,784
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                 11       375,064          352,173

                                                                                       2,582,497        2,178,055

     Current liabilities
     Trade payables                                                            12       106,599          122,100
     Bills payable                                                                       66,579           30,001
     Contract liabilities                                                                77,257          102,905
     Accruals and other payables                                                        325,491          244,040
     Bank loans                                                                13       136,094           60,447
     Lease liabilities                                                                    5,959           12,123
     Current taxation                                                                    19,062           24,800

                                                                                        737,041          596,416

     Net current assets                                                                1,845,456        1,581,639

     Total assets less current liabilities                                             2,822,565        2,738,982




     The notes on pages 26 to 37 form part of this interim financial report.


22        AK Medical Holdings Limited
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
at 30 June 2025 – unaudited
(Expressed in RMB)




                                                                                  At 30 June      At 31 December
                                                                          Note          2025                2024
                                                                                   RMB’000               RMB’000

Non-current liabilities
Deferred income                                                                      19,563                  19,641
Other payables                                                                        7,650                   5,800
Lease liabilities                                                                     6,243                   9,152
Bank loans                                                                 13         5,692                  17,667
Deferred tax liabilities                                                             51,950                  48,536

                                                                                     91,098                 100,796

NET ASSETS                                                                         2,731,467             2,638,186

Capital and reserves
Share capital                                                             14(a)        9,515                 9,515
Reserves                                                                           2,721,952             2,628,671

Total equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company                    2,731,467             2,638,186

TOTAL EQUITY                                                                       2,731,467             2,638,186




The notes on pages 26 to 37 form part of this interim financial report.


                                                                                               Interim Report 2025    23
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
     for the six months ended 30 June 2025 – unaudited
     (Expressed in RMB)




                                                                                Shares held
                                                                                  for share               Share-based
                                                           Share       Share         award      Capital      payment      Exchange    Retained         Total
                                                 Note     capital   premium        scheme       reserve        reserve      reserve     profits       equity
                                                         RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000

     Balance at 1 January 2024                              9,508    960,982        (48,692)     55,174        11,004         8,706   1,395,221     2,391,903
     Total comprehensive income for the period                  –          –              –           –              –        1,260     139,253       140,513
     Equity settled share-based transactions                    –          –              –           –          3,161            –            –         3,161
     Shares issued under share option scheme                    4      3,003              –           –         (2,519)           –            –           488
     Dividends declared                          14(b)          –          –              –           –              –            –      (45,991)      (45,991)

     Balance at 30 June 2024                                9,512    963,985        (48,692)     55,174        11,646         9,966   1,488,483     2,490,074

     Balance at 1 January 2025                              9,515    966,520        (48,692)     55,174        15,181        17,332   1,623,156     2,638,186
     Total comprehensive income for the period                  –          –              –           –             –         2,648     160,611       163,259
     Equity settled share-based transactions                    –          –              –           –         3,816             –           –         3,816
     Shares issued under share option scheme                    –        838              –           –          (734)            –           –           104
     Unlock of restricted shares                                –       (598)         1,335           –          (737)            –           –             –
     Dividends declared                          14(b)          –          –              –           –             –             –     (73,898)      (73,898)

     Balance at 30 June 2025                                9,515    966,760        (47,357)     55,174        17,526        19,980   1,709,869     2,731,467




     The notes on pages 26 to 37 form part of this interim financial report.


24           AK Medical Holdings Limited
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
for the six months ended 30 June 2025 – unaudited
(Expressed in RMB)




                                                                          Six months ended 30 June
                                                                               2025                    2024
                                                                            RMB’000                 RMB’000

Operating activities
Cash generated from operations                                               232,294                  120,761
Income tax paid                                                              (28,911)                  (23,907)

Net cash generated from operating activities                                 203,383                   96,854

Investing activities
Acquisition of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets            (76,629)                 (80,348)
Uplift of wealth management products and time deposits                      1,056,750                 906,000
Placement of wealth management products and time deposits                  (1,226,000)               (706,000)
Other cash flows arising from investing activities                             10,720                   13,021

Net cash (used in)/generated from investing activities                       (235,159)                132,673

Financing activities
Capital element of lease rentals paid                                          (7,160)                   (7,217)
Interest element of lease rentals paid                                           (333)                     (666)
Proceeds from bank loans                                                       78,885                   20,000
Repayments of bank loans                                                      (15,152)                 (10,394)
Borrowing costs paid                                                           (1,321)                     (775)
Proceeds from equity settled share-based payment                                  104                       488

Net cash generated from financing activities                                  55,023                     1,436

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                     23,247                  230,963
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January                                       352,173                  331,217
Effect of movements in exchange rates on cash held                              (356)                    (308)

Cash and cash equivalents at 30 June                                         375,064                  561,872




The notes on pages 26 to 37 form part of this interim financial report.


                                                                                         Interim Report 2025       25
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
     (Expressed in RMB’000 unless otherwise indicated)




     1    BASIS OF PREPARATION
          This interim financial report has been prepared in accordance with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules
          Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, including compliance with IAS 34,
          Interim financial reporting, issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”). It was authorised for issue
          on 27 August 2025.

          The interim financial report has been prepared in accordance with the same accounting policies adopted in the 2024
          annual financial statements, except for the accounting policy changes that are expected to be reflected in the 2025
          annual financial statements. Details of any changes in accounting policies are set out in note 2.

          The preparation of an interim financial report in conformity with IAS 34 requires management to make judgements,
          estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income
          and expenses on a year to date basis. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

          This interim financial report contains condensed consolidated financial statements and selected explanatory notes.
          The notes include an explanation of events and transactions that are significant to an understanding of the changes
          in financial position and performance of the Group since the 2024 annual financial statements. The condensed
          consolidated interim financial statements and notes thereon do not include all of the information required for full set of
          financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards.

          The interim financial report is unaudited, but has been reviewed by KPMG in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on
          Review Engagements 2410, Review of interim financial information performed by the independent auditor of the entity,
          issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. KPMG’s independent review report to the Board of
          Directors is included on page 20.


     2    CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          The Group has applied the amendments to IAS 21, The effects of changes in foreign exchange rates – Lack of
          exchangeability issued by the IASB to this interim financial report for the current accounting period. The amendments
          do not have a material impact on this interim report.

          The Group has not applied any new standard or interpretation that is not yet effective for the current accounting
          period.




26       AK Medical Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
(Expressed in RMB’000 unless otherwise indicated)




3    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
     (a)   Revenue

           The principal activities of the Group are manufacturing and sale of orthopedic joint implants, spinal implants,
           trauma implants and their complete set of surgical instruments.

           The amount of each significant category of revenue recognised during the period is as follows:

                                                                                                             Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                     2025                   2024
                                                                                                                  RMB’000                RMB’000

           Revenue from contracts with customers within
             the scope of IFRS 15
           Disaggregated by major products of service lines
           – Hip replacement implants                                                                               409,675                359,357
           – Knee replacement implants                                                                              194,489                195,804
           – Spinal and trauma implants                                                                              50,732                 69,056
           – Digital orthopedics customised products and services                                                    18,424                 17,725
           – Others (i)                                                                                              20,907                 15,160

                                                                                                                    694,227                657,102

           Disaggregated by geographical location of customers
           – China                                                                                                  566,019                533,811
           – United Kingdom                                                                                          33,095                 27,586
           – Other countries                                                                                         95,113                 95,705

                                                                                                                    694,227                657,102

           (i)   Others primarily include surgical instruments, medical irrigators, and third party orthopedic products.


           The Group’s customers with whom transactions have exceeded 10% of the Group’s revenue are set out below:

                                                                                                             Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                     2025                   2024
                                                                                                                  RMB’000                RMB’000

           Customer A                                                                                               131,266                         *

           *     Transactions with the customer A did not exceed 10% of the Group’s revenue for the six months ended 30 June 2024.




                                                                                                                              Interim Report 2025       27
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
     (Expressed in RMB’000 unless otherwise indicated)




     3    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
          (b)   Information about profit or loss, assets and liabilities

                The Group manages its businesses by geographical location in which the entities operate. In a manner
                consistent with the way in which information is reported internally to the Group’s most senior executive
                management for the purposes of resource allocation and performance assessment, the Group has identified two
                reportable segments. No operating segments have been aggregated to form the following reportable segments:

                                                             Orthopedic implants     Orthopedic implants
                                                                   – China            – United Kingdom              Total
                For the six months ended 30 June                2025        2024        2025        2024        2025        2024
                                                             RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000

                Revenue from external customers               630,327     597,257      63,900      59,845     694,227       657,102
                Inter-segment revenue                           1,029         756      19,340      20,203      20,369        20,959

                Reportable segment revenue                    631,356     598,013      83,240      80,048     714,596       678,061

                Reportable segment profit                     182,840     162,186       3,211       1,160     186,051       163,346

                As at 30 June/31 December
                Reportable segment assets                    2,559,359   2,488,823    187,949     174,559    2,747,308   2,663,382
                Additions to non-current assets
                  during the period/year                       69,692     195,721       1,470      10,649      71,162       206,370
                Reportable segment liabilities                744,857     606,887      28,931      30,885     773,788       637,772


                The measure used for reportable segment profit is “reportable segment profit before taxation”.

          (c)   Reconciliations of reportable segment profit or loss

                                                                                                Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                     2025                   2024
                                                                                                  RMB’000                RMB’000

                Reportable segment profit                                                          186,051                  163,346
                Elimination of inter-segment loss/(profit)                                             620                     (822)

                Consolidated profit before taxation                                                186,671                  162,524


     4    PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION
          Profit before taxation is arrived at after charging:

                                                                                                Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                     2025                   2024
                                                                                                  RMB’000                RMB’000

          Amortisation cost of intangible assets                                                    11,528                   10,125
          Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                             41,834                   31,445
          Impairment losses of impairment on trade receivables                                      12,978                    8,022
          Cost of inventories                                                                      280,347                  249,449


28       AK Medical Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
(Expressed in RMB’000 unless otherwise indicated)




5    NET FINANCE INCOME

                                                                                       Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                             2025                    2024
                                                                                          RMB’000                 RMB’000

     Interest income from bank deposits and
        investments in wealth management products                                            15,083                  11,597
     Foreign exchange gain/(loss)                                                             5,335                    (901)
     Interest on bank loans                                                                    (628)                      –
     Interest on lease liabilities                                                             (333)                   (666)

                                                                                             19,457                  10,030


6    INCOME TAX

                                                                                       Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                             2025                    2024
                                                                                          RMB’000                 RMB’000

     Current tax                                                                             23,173                  27,066
     Deferred tax                                                                             2,887                   (3,795)

                                                                                             26,060                  23,271


     Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Cayman Islands, the Group is not subject to any income tax in the
     Cayman Islands.

     The Group has no assessable profit in Hong Kong during the reporting period and is not subject to any Hong Kong
     profits tax. Hong Kong profits tax rate during the relevant periods is 16.5%. The payments of dividends by Hong Kong
     companies are not subject to any Hong Kong withholding tax.

     Taxation on profits outside Hong Kong has been calculated on the estimated assessable profits for the six months
     ended 30 June 2025 at the rates of taxation prevailing in the countries in which the Group operates.

     Applicable statutory enterprise income tax rate of PRC subsidiaries of the Company for the six months ended 30 June
     2025 are 25% (six months ended 30 June 2024: 25%). According to the relevant PRC income tax law, the Company’s
     subsidiaries, Beijing AKEC Medical Co., Ltd. (“AK Medical Beijing”), ITI Medical Co., Ltd. (“ITI Medical”) and Beijing
     Libeier Bio-engineering Institute Co., Ltd. (“Libeier”) were certified as New and High Technology Enterprises, and are
     entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15%. The current certification of New and High Technology Enterprise held
     by AK Medical Beijing, ITI Medical and Libeier will be expired on 25 October 2026, 5 November 2026 and 25 October
     2026, respectively.

     Taxation for subsidiaries operating mainly in the England and Wales were calculated at statutory enterprise income tax
     rate of 19% for the six months ended 30 June 2025 (six months ended 30 June 2024: 19%).




                                                                                                       Interim Report 2025      29
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
     (Expressed in RMB’000 unless otherwise indicated)




     7    EARNINGS PER SHARE
          (a)   Basic earnings per share

                The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on the profit attributable to ordinary equity shareholders
                of the Company of RMB160,611,000 (six months ended 30 June 2024: RMB139,253,000) and the weighted
                average of 1,116,429,570 ordinary shares (six months ended 30 June 2024: 1,115,609,335 shares) in issue
                during the reporting period.

          (b)   Diluted earnings per share

                The calculation of diluted earnings per share is based on the profit attributable to ordinary equity shareholders
                of the Company of RMB160,611,000 (six months ended 30 June 2024: RMB139,253,000) and the weighted
                average of 1,119,215,739 ordinary shares (six months ended 30 June 2024: 1,117,878,539 shares).


     8    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
          (a)   Right-of-use assets

                During the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group did not enter into any new lease agreements. Therefore
                recognised the additions to right-of-use assets of nil (six months ended 30 June 2024: RMB4,116,000).

          (b)   Acquisitions of owned assets

                During the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group acquired items of property, plant and machinery with a
                total cost of RMB62,864,000 (six months ended 30 June 2024: RMB104,451,000).

                As at 30 June 2025, the Group’s non-current bank loans of RMB5,692,000 (31 December 2024: nil) and
                bills payable of RMB38,448,000 (31 December 2024: nil) were secured by the Group’s property, plant and
                equipment, which had an aggregate carrying amount of RMB83,930,000 as of 30 June 2025 (31 December
                2024: nil).


     9    INVENTORIES
                                                                                             At 30 June       At 31 December
                                                                                                   2025                 2024
                                                                                              RMB’000                RMB’000

          Raw materials                                                                          119,985               119,565
          Work in progress                                                                        63,139                72,019
          Finished goods                                                                         276,927               297,084

                                                                                                 460,051               488,668




30       AK Medical Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
(Expressed in RMB’000 unless otherwise indicated)




10 BILLS RECEIVABLE/TRADE RECEIVABLES
                                                                                        At 30 June        At 31 December
                                                                                              2025                  2024
                                                                                         RMB’000                 RMB’000

     Bills receivable                                                                        78,338                  81,858

     Trade receivables                                                                      600,212                 561,392
     Less: allowance for credit loss                                                        (79,550)                 (66,572)

                                                                                            520,662                 494,820


     As at 30 June 2025, approximately RMB5,200,000 (31 December 2024: RMB22,907,000) of bills receivable was
     pledged for bills payable.

     Ageing analysis

     Bills receivable are bank acceptance bill received from customers, with expiration dates within 6 months.

     As of the end of the reporting period, the ageing analysis of trade receivables, based on the invoice date (or date of
     revenue recognition, if earlier) and net of loss allowance, is as follows:

                                                                                        At 30 June        At 31 December
                                                                                              2025                  2024
                                                                                         RMB’000                 RMB’000

     Current to 3 months                                                                    339,875                 315,041
     4 to 6 months                                                                           67,407                  57,641
     7 to 12 months                                                                          58,386                  65,512
     Over 12 months                                                                          54,994                  56,626

     Trade receivables, net of loss allowance                                               520,662                 494,820


     The credit terms agreed with commercial customers were normally ranged from 1 month to 1 year from the date of
     billing. No interest is charged on the trade receivables.


11 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
                                                                                        At 30 June        At 31 December
                                                                                              2025                  2024
                                                                                         RMB’000                 RMB’000

     Cash at banks                                                                          375,036                 352,170
     Cash on hand                                                                                28                       3

     Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated statement of financial
       position and consolidated cash flow statement                                        375,064                 352,173




                                                                                                       Interim Report 2025      31
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
     (Expressed in RMB’000 unless otherwise indicated)




     12 TRADE PAYABLES
          As of the end of the reporting period, the ageing analysis of trade payables, based on the invoice date, is as follows:

                                                                                               At 30 June       At 31 December
                                                                                                     2025                 2024
                                                                                                RMB’000                RMB’000

          Within 3 months                                                                           90,884                70,926
          4 to 6 months                                                                              8,034                29,527
          7 to 12 months                                                                             2,372                12,990
          1 year to 2 years                                                                          1,733                 5,490
          Over 2 years                                                                               3,576                 3,167

                                                                                                  106,599                122,100


          All trade payables are expected to be settled within one year.

     13 BANK LOANS
                                                                                               At 30 June       At 31 December
                                                                                                     2025                 2024
                                                                                                RMB’000                RMB’000

          Current
          Secured bank loans                                                                       33,201                 30,707
          Unsecured bank loans                                                                    102,893                 29,740

                                                                                                  136,094                 60,447

          Non-current
          Secured bank loans                                                                         5,692                17,667

                                                                                                  141,786                 78,114


          As at 30 June 2025, the Group had bank loans of RMB33,201,000 (31 December 2024: RMB48,374,000) secured
          by the Group’s pledged deposits of US$27,927,000 (approximately RMB199,921,000) (31 December 2024:
          US$27,302,000 (approximately RMB196,260,000)).




32       AK Medical Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
(Expressed in RMB’000 unless otherwise indicated)




14 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS
     (a)   Share capital

                                                                       2025                             2024
                                                             No. of shares         Amount       No. of shares      Amount
                                                                                  RMB’000                         RMB’000

           Authorised-ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each:
           At 1 January and 30 June                         20,000,000,000         168,981    20,000,000,000        168,981

           Ordinary shares, issued and fully paid:
           At 1 January                                      1,122,671,437           9,515     1,121,896,437           9,508
           Shares issued under share option scheme                  24,341               –           400,000               4

           At 30 June                                        1,122,695,778           9,515     1,122,296,437           9,512


     (b)   Dividends

           Dividends payable to equity shareholders attributable to the previous financial year, approved during the interim
           period

                                                                                        Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                2025                 2024
                                                                                             RMB’000              RMB’000

           Final dividend in respect of the previous financial year, approved
              during the following interim period, of HK$7.2 cents per ordinary
              share (2024: HK$4.5 cents per ordinary share)                                   73,717                 46,079


     (c)   Share option schemes

           On 30 June 2025, the Group had the following share-based transactions arrangements.

           (i)   Pre-IPO share option scheme adopted on 17 November 2017 (“Pre-IPO Share
                 Option Scheme”)

                 On 17 November 2017, 36,000,000 share options were granted at a consideration of HK$1.00 for each
                 grantee to employees of the Group under the Company’s Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme. Each option
                 gives the holder the right to subscribe for one ordinary share of the Company. These share options
                 will vest in four equal batches and the grantees shall be entitled to exercise, on the first business day
                 immediately following 1 May 2018 until 16 November 2027, if certain performance conditions are met. The
                 exercise price is HK$1.34.

                 No share options (six months ended 30 June 2024: 400,000) were exercised and no share options (six
                 months ended 30 June 2024: nil) were forfeited during the six months ended 30 June 2025.




                                                                                                       Interim Report 2025     33
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
     (Expressed in RMB’000 unless otherwise indicated)




     14 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (Continued)
          (c)   Share option schemes (Continued)

                (ii) Share option scheme adopted on 17 November 2017 (“Share Option Scheme”)

                        In March 2022, 8,582,362 share options at a fair value of RMB19,930,000 were granted at a consideration
                        of HK$1.00 for each grantee to employees of the Group under the Company’s Share Option Scheme.
                        Each option gives the holder the right to subscribe for one ordinary share of the Company. These share
                        options will vest in four batches and the grantees shall be entitled to exercise, on 31 March 2023 until 30
                        March 2032, if certain performance conditions are met. The exercise price is HK$4.66.

                        In April 2023, 1,699,036 share options at a fair value of RMB8,800,000 were granted at a consideration of
                        HK$1.00 for each grantee to employees of the Group under the Company’s Share Option Scheme. Each
                        option gives the holder the right to subscribe for one ordinary share of the Company. These share options
                        will vest in four batches and the grantees shall be entitled to exercise, on 11 April 2024 until 11 April 2033,
                        if certain performance conditions are met. The exercise price is HK$10.18.

                       Fair value of share options and assumptions
                        The fair value of services received in return for share options granted is measured by reference to the fair
                        value of share options granted. The estimate of the fair value of the share options granted is measured
                        based on a binomial lattice model. The contractual life of the share option is used as an input into this
                        model. Expectations of early exercise are incorporated into the binomial lattice model.

                        Fair value of share options and assumptions

                                                                                                         2023                   2022

                                                                                                HK$4.9710 –            HK$2.1810 –
                        Fair value at measurement date                                           HK$6.9325              HK$3.0340
                        Exercise price                                                            HK$10.18                HK$4.66
                        Expected volatility (expressed as weighted average volatility
                          used in the modelling under binomial lattice model)                         71.53%                 67.06%
                        Option life (expressed as weighted average life used in
                          the modelling under binomial lattice model)                                10 years               10 years
                        Expected dividends                                                             0.59%                  0.54%
                        Risk-free interest rate                                                        3.02%                  2.06%


                        The expected volatility is determined by the historical volatility of the Company. Expected dividend yield is
                        based on historical dividends. Changes in the subjective input assumptions could materially affect the fair
                        value estimate.




34       AK Medical Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
(Expressed in RMB’000 unless otherwise indicated)




14 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (Continued)
     (c)   Share option schemes (Continued)

           (ii) Share option scheme adopted on 17 November 2017 (“Share Option Scheme”)
                (Continued)

                Share options were granted under a service condition. This condition has not been taken into account
                in the grant date fair value measurement of the services received. There were no market conditions
                associated with the share option grants.

                24,341 share options (six months ended 30 June 2024: nil) were exercised and 247,623 share options (six
                months ended 30 June 2024: 2,056,280) were forfeited during the six months ended 30 June 2025.

                Share option reserve will be transferred to reserve as and when such option are exercised or when they
                expire or be forfeited.

     (d)   Shares held for share award scheme

           On 8 December 2020, the Company adopted a share award scheme (the “Share Award Scheme”), to recognise
           and reward the contribution of certain eligible participants to the growth and development of the Group through
           an award of the Company’s shares. The Share Award Scheme will be valid and effective for a period of 10 years
           commencing from 8 December 2020.

           The Company’s shares to be granted under the Share Award Scheme were purchased and held by a trustee.
           The maximum number of shares to be subscribed for and/or purchased by trustee for the purpose of the
           scheme shall not exceed 10% of the total number of issued shares as at the adoption date.

           In March 2022, the Company granted 838,784 shares to the Group’s executives and employees with a fair
           value of RMB3,106,000. The fair value of the employee services received in exchange for the grant of shares is
           recognised as staff costs in profit or loss with a corresponding increase in share-based payment reserve, which
           is measured based on the grant date share price of the Company, taking into account the discount due to the
           present value of dividends expected to be paid by 0.61% to 2.36%, where applicable. These shares unlock in
           four batches and the grantees shall be vested with such shares on each of 31 March 2023, 2024, 2025 and
           2026 for nil consideration if certain performance conditions are met.

           In July 2024, the Company granted 1,706,959 shares to the Group’s executives and employees with a fair
           value of RMB6,893,000. The fair value of the employee services received in exchange for the grant of shares is
           recognised as staff costs in profit or loss with a corresponding increase in share-based payment reserve, which
           is measured based on the grant date share price of the Company, taking into account the discount due to the
           present value of dividends expected to be paid by 4.33% to 4.80%, where applicable. These shares will unlock
           in two batches and the grantees shall be vested with such shares on each of 15 July 2025 and 2026 for nil
           consideration if certain performance conditions are met.

           174,761 shares (six months ended 30 June 2024: nil) were unlocked and 60,715 shares (six months ended 30
           June 2024: 151,923) were forfeited during the six months ended 30 June 2025.




                                                                                                     Interim Report 2025     35
     NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
     (Expressed in RMB’000 unless otherwise indicated)




     15 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
          Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value

          Fair value hierarchy

          The following table presents the fair value of the Group’s financial instruments measured at the end of the reporting
          period on a recurring basis, categorised into the three-level fair value hierarchy as defined in IFRS 13, Fair value
          measurement. The level into which a fair value measurement is classified is determined with reference to the
          observability and significance of the inputs used in the valuation technique as follows:

          •     Level 1 valuations:    Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs i.e. unadjusted quoted prices in active
                                       markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date

          •     Level 2 valuations:    Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs i.e. observable inputs which fail to meet Level 1,
                                       and not using significant unobservable inputs. Unobservable inputs are inputs for which
                                       market data are not available

          •     Level 3 valuations:    Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs

                                                                              Fair value measurements as at 30 June 2025
                                                            Fair value at                   categorised into
                                                                 30 June
                                                                    2025           Level 1           Level 2           Level 3
                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000

          Recurring fair value measurement
          Financial assets:
          Other financial assets – investments in
             wealth management products
             at fair value through profit or loss                754,702                  –          754,702                   –
          Other financial assets – investments in
             unlisted equity instrument at FVPL                     4,915                 –                  –            4,915

                                                                 759,617                  –          754,702              4,915


                                                                             Fair value measurements as at 31 December 2024
                                                             Fair value at                    categorised into
                                                            31 December
                                                                     2024          Level 1           Level 2            Level 3
                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000

          Recurring fair value measurement
          Financial assets:
          Other financial assets – investments in
             wealth management products
             at fair value through profit or loss                610,697                  –          610,697                   –
          Other financial assets – investments in
             unlisted equity instrument at FVPL                     4,538                 –                  –            4,538

                                                                 615,235                  –          610,697              4,538


          During the six months ended 30 June 2025, there were no changes in valuation techniques.


36       AK Medical Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT
(Expressed in RMB’000 unless otherwise indicated)




16 COMMITMENTS
     Capital commitments outstanding as at 31 December 2024 and 30 June 2025 not provided for were as follows:

                                                                                         At 30 June        At 31 December
                                                                                               2025                  2024
                                                                                          RMB’000                 RMB’000

     Contracted for                                                                           44,180                 101,409
     Authorised but not contracted for                                                        11,033                  26,560

                                                                                              55,213                 127,969


17 MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
     There is no material related party transaction in the six months ended 30 June 2025 and 2024, except for key
     management personnel remuneration. No material amounts from related parties were outstanding as at 30 June 2025
     and 31 December 2024.


18 EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
     As of the date of the report, there was no material event occurred for the Group after the reporting period.




                                                                                                        Interim Report 2025    37
     OTHER INFORMATION


     DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN
     SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS
     ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS
     As at 30 June 2025, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the Shares,
     underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV
     of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) which were required (a) to be notified to the Company and the Hong
     Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which
     they are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or (b) to be and were entered in the register required
     to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or (c) as otherwise notified to the Company and the Hong
     Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model
     Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
     Limited (the “Listing Rules”), were as follows:

     Interest in the Shares or underlying Shares of the Company

                                                                                                                                              Approximate
                                                                                                                                             Percentage of
                                                                                                                   Number of            Shareholding in the
     Name of Directors                             Capacity/Nature of Interest                                    Shares (Note 1)           Company (Note 2)

     Mr. Li Zhijiang (Note 3)                      Founder of a discretionary trust                            505,157,500 (L)                           45.00%
                                                   Interest of spouse                                           10,125,000 (L)                            0.90%

     Ms. Zhang Bin (Note 4)                        Interest of controlled corporation                           10,125,000 (L)                            0.90%
                                                   Interest of spouse                                          505,157,500 (L)                           45.00%

     Mr. Zhang Chaoyang (Note 5)                   Founder of a discretionary trust                              58,818,500 (L)                            5.24%

     Ms. Zhao Xiaohong (Note 6)                    Beneficial interest                                            2,775,357 (L)                            0.25%

     Notes:

     (1)      The letter “L” denotes our Directors’ long position in the Shares.

     (2)      The percentage is calculated based on the total number of 1,122,695,778 Shares in issue as at 30 June 2025.

     (3)      Mr. Li Zhijiang, being the founder of LZY Trust who can influence how the trustee exercises his discretion, is deemed to be interested in 505,157,500
              long position in the Shares pursuant to the SFO. In addition, Mr. Li Zhijiang is the husband of Ms. Zhang Bin. Therefore, Mr. Li Zhijiang is deemed to
              be interested in the Shares held by Ms. Zhang Bin pursuant to the SFO. For further information regarding the LZY Trust, please refer to the paragraph
              headed “SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES OR UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY” below.

     (4)      Ms. Zhang Bin, being the sole director of Summer Limited, is the sole shareholder of Summer Limited which holds 10,125,000 Shares of the Company.
              Therefore, Ms. Zhang Bin is deemed to be interested in Summer Limited’s interest in the Shares pursuant to the SFO. In addition, Ms. Zhang Bin is the
              wife of Mr. Li Zhijiang. Therefore, Ms. Zhang Bin is deemed to be interested in Mr. Li Zhijiang’s interest in the Shares pursuant to the SFO.

     (5)      Mr. Zhang Chaoyang, being the founder of Bamboo Trust who can influence how the trustee exercises his discretion, is deemed to be interested in
              58,818,500 long position in the Shares pursuant to the SFO. For further information regarding the Bamboo Trust, please refer to the paragraph headed
              “SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES OR UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY” below.

     (6)      Ms. Zhao Xiaohong directly holds (i) options to subscribe for 504,354 Shares pursuant to the Share Option Scheme; (ii) 138,943 awarded Shares
              granted under the Share Award Scheme; and (iii) 2,132,060 Shares.




38            AK Medical Holdings Limited
OTHER INFORMATION




Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2025, none of the Directors or the chief executive of the Company had any
interests or short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company and its associated corporations
(within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), which were required: (a) to be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which he/she
was taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), (b) pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in
the register referred to therein, or (c) pursuant to the Model Code to be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange.


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES
OR UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY
As at 30 June 2025, so far as was known to the Directors, the following persons (other than the Directors or chief executive
of the Company) and entities had interests or short positions in the Shares and underlying Shares of the Company which
would fall to be disclosed under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or as recorded in the register
required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO:

                                                                                                                       Approximate
                                                                                                Number of             Percentage of
                                                                                         Shares/Underlying           Shareholding in
Name of Shareholders                              Capacity/Nature of Interest                  Shares (Note 1)    the Company (Note 2)

Mr. Li Zhijiang (Notes 3 and 4)                   Founder of a discretionary trust           505,157,500 (L)                     45.00%
                                                  Interest of spouse                          10,125,000 (L)                      0.90%

Ms. Zhang Bin (Notes 3 and 4)                     Interest of a controlled corporation        10,125,000 (L)                      0.90%
                                                  Interest of spouse                         505,157,500 (L)                     45.00%

Ximalaya Limited (Note 3)                         Beneficial owner                           505,157,500 (L)                     45.00%

Rainbow Holdings Limited (Note 3)                 Interest in a controlled corporation       505,157,500 (L)                     45.00%

Mr. Zhang Chaoyang (Note 5)                       Founder of a discretionary trust            58,818,500 (L)                      5.24%

Suntop Limited (Note 5)                           Beneficial owner                            58,818,500 (L)                      5.24%

Bamboo Group Management Limited (Note 5)          Interest of a controlled corporation        58,818,500 (L)                      5.24%

Trident Trust Company (HK) Limited (Notes 3 and 5) Trustee of a discretionary trust          563,976,000 (L)                     50.23%

Platinum Investment Management Limited            Investment manager                          55,902,917 (L)                      4.98%

Platinum International Fund                       Trustee                                     20,863,487 (L)                      1.86%

Platinum Global Fund(Note 6)                      Trustee                                         688,688 (L)                     0.06%

Platinum Asia Fund(Note 6)                        Trustee                                     14,791,087 (L)                      1.32%

Platinum Global Fund(Note 6)                      Trustee                                       3,547,605 (L)                     0.32%




                                                                                                                 Interim Report 2025      39
     OTHER INFORMATION




     Notes:

     (1)      The letter “L” denotes a person’s long position in the Shares.

     (2)      The percentage is calculated based on the total number of 1,122,695,778 Shares in issue as at 30 June 2025.

     (3)      LZY Trust is a discretionary trust established by Mr. Li Zhijiang as settlor, with Trident Trust Company (HK) Limited acting as trustee. The beneficiaries
              of LZY Trust are Mr. Li Zhijiang and certain of his family members. Trident Trust Company (HK) Limited holds 100% issued share capital of Rainbow
              Holdings Limited, which holds 100% issued share capital of Ximalaya Limited. Therefore, each of Mr. Li Zhijiang, Trident Trust Company (HK) Limited
              and Rainbow Holdings Limited is deemed to be interested in Ximalaya Limited’s interest in 505,157,500 long positions in the Shares pursuant to the
              SFO.

     (4)      Ms. Zhang Bin, being the sole director of Summer Limited, is the sole shareholder of Summer Limited which holds 10,125,000 Shares. Therefore, Ms.
              Zhang Bin is deemed to be interested in Summer Limited’s interest in these Shares pursuant to the SFO. In addition, Ms. Zhang Bin is the wife of Mr. Li
              Zhijiang. Therefore, Ms. Zhang Bin is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Mr. Li Zhijiang pursuant to the SFO.

     (5)      Bamboo Trust is a discretionary trust established by Mr. Zhang Chaoyang as settlor, with Trident Trust Company (HK) Limited acting as trustee. Trident
              Trust Company (HK) Limited holds 100% issued share capital of Bamboo Group Management Limited, which holds 100% issued share capital of
              Suntop Limited. Therefore, each of Mr. Zhang Chaoyang, Trident Trust Company (HK) Limited and Bamboo Group Management Limited is deemed to
              be interested in Suntop Limited’s interest in the Shares pursuant to the SFO.

     (6)      Of the 55,902,917 Shares held by Platinum Investment Management Limited, 16,012,050 Shares were held as an investment manager, and the
              remaining 39,890,867 Shares were held as trustee of the Platinum International Fund (in respect of 20,863,487 Shares), Platinum Global Fund (in respect
              of 688,688 Shares), Platinum Asia Fund (in respect of 14,791,087 Shares) and Platinum Global Fund (in respect of 3,547,605 Shares), respectively.


     Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2025, so far as the Directors were aware, no other persons (other than the
     Directors or chief executive of the Company) or entities had any interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying
     Shares of the Company, which would fall to be disclosed under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or
     as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO.


     ISSUE OF EQUITY SECURITIES OR SALE OF TREASURY SHARES FOR CASH
     The Company did not allot and issue any equity securities (including securities convertible into equity securities) or sale of
     treasury shares (as defined under the Listing Rules) for cash (other than under a share scheme that complies with Chapter
     17 of the Listing Rules) during the Reporting Period.


     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
     Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities
     (including sale of treasury shares as defined under the Listing Rules, if any) during the six months ended 30 June 2025. As
     at 30 June 2025, there were no such treasury shares held by the Group.


     DIRECTOR’S RIGHT TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
     Save for the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme, the Share Option Scheme and the Share Award Scheme as disclosed herein, at
     no time during the six months ended 30 June 2025 was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements
     whose objects were or one of whose objects was to enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of
     shares or debentures of the Company or any other body corporate; and none of the Directors, or their spouses or children
     under the age of 18, had any right to subscribe for the securities of the Company, or had exercised any such right during
     the six months ended 30 June 2025.




40            AK Medical Holdings Limited
OTHER INFORMATION




SHARE OPTION SCHEMES
(a)   Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme

      The Pre-IPO share option scheme was adopted pursuant to a written resolution passed by the Shareholders on 17
      November 2017 (the “Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme”) for the purpose of recognising the contribution of certain
      employees, executives and officers made or may have made to the growth of the Group and/or the listing of the
      shares of the Company on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

      The eligible participant under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme are the full-time employees, executives or officers
      (including executive, non-executive and independent non-executive Directors) of the Company or the full-time
      employees of any of the subsidiaries of the level of manager or above and other full-time employees of the Company
      or any of the subsidiaries who, in the sole opinion of the Board, have contributed or will contribute to the Company
      and/or any of the subsidiaries.

      Except for the options which have been granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme, no further options will
      be offered or granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme, as the right to do so has been terminated upon the
      listing of the Company. As at 30 June 2025, the number of Shares in respect of which options had been granted and
      remained outstanding under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme was 2,025,000, representing approximately 0.18% of
      the Shares in issue. There is no service provider sublimit.

      There is no maximum entitlement of each participant under this scheme. All options under the Pre-IPO Share Option
      Scheme were granted on 17 November 2017. The exercise price of the option granted under the Pre-IPO Share
      Option Scheme is HK$1.34 per Share. The exercise price was determined after taking into account (i) the exercise
      price per Share shall not be less than the par value of such Share; and (ii) subject to paragraph (i), the Board shall
      determine the exercise price at its sole discretion.

      The options granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme shall be valid for a period of ten years commencing on
      the date upon which such options are granted and accepted in accordance with the rules of the Pre-IPO Share Option
      Scheme (the “Option Period”).

HK$1.00 was payable upon acceptance by each grantee as consideration for grant of the options. The relevant acceptance
date shall not be less than 30 days after the date of offer of the relevant options.

The Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme commences on the listing date of the Company (i.e. 20 December 2017) and ends on
the tenth anniversary of the listing date (both dates inclusive). As at the date of this interim report, the remaining life of the
Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme is approximately 2 years and 3 months.




                                                                                                            Interim Report 2025      41
     OTHER INFORMATION




     The grantees to whom options have been granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme will be entitled to exercise his/
     her options in the following manner:

     (aa)   For the purpose of this paragraph:

            “Vesting Conditions” means (i) the revenue of the Group as shown in the audited consolidated financial statements
            of the Group for the relevant financial year represents an increase of 30% or more of the revenue of the Group as
            shown in the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the immediately preceding financial year
            (adjusted to exclude the effect of any acquisition by the Group); (ii) the profit attributed to Shareholders as shown in
            the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the relevant financial year (adjusted to exclude the effect
            of the listing expenses, the options granted, any withholding tax arising from profit generated by the Group companies
            in the PRC and any acquisition by the Group) represents an increase of 25% or more of the profit attributes to
            Shareholders as shown in the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the preceding financial year
            (adjusted to exclude the effect of the listing expenses, the options granted, any withholding tax arising from profit
            generated by the Group companies in the PRC and any acquisition by the Group); and (iii) the relevant grantee has
            passed the annual performance appraisal scheme established by the Group for the relevant financial year.

     (bb) Options granted to the grantees will vest in four portions and the grantees shall be entitled to exercise, on the first
          business day immediately following 1 May of the relevant year until the end of the Option Period (both days inclusive):

            (I)     25% of the total number of options granted when the Vesting Conditions are met for the first time during the
                    Option Period;

            (II)    25% of the total number of options granted when the Vesting Conditions are met for the second time during the
                    Option Period;

            (III)   25% of the total number of options granted when the Vesting Conditions are met for the third time during the
                    Option Period; and

            (IV)    25% of the total number of options granted when the Vesting Conditions are met for the fourth time during the
                    Option Period.

     (cc)   Any options granted will lapse if the conditions for exercise under paragraph (bb) above have not been met within the
            Option Period.

     (dd) The grantees shall enter into service contracts with the Group for a term of no less than four years from the date of
          grant of the options (as the case may be).

     (ee)   The Board has the sole and absolute discretion to amend the relevant vesting conditions of the pre-IPO share options
            from time to time and the consent from each grantee has to be obtained prior to any amendment in the event that
            such amendment is prejudicial to such grantee.

     (ff)   During the Option Period, if the grantee terminates its service contract with the Group under paragraph (dd) above
            or commits a material breach of any restrictive covenant in respect of the Group that the grantee is subject to (e.g. a
            non-competition undertaking), (i) to the extent not already exercised, the options granted to such grantee shall lapse
            automatically and not be exercisable; and (ii) to the extent already exercised, the Company may demand the grantee
            to return any entitlement or interest obtained from the exercise of the options granted. In 2019, the Directors have
            resolved not to demand any grantee of the pre-IPO share options to return any entitlement or interest obtained from
            the exercise of the options granted even though the grantee terminated its service contract with the Group during the
            Option Period, to the extent already exercised.




42          AK Medical Holdings Limited
OTHER INFORMATION




During the Reporting Period, no share options were granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme.

The details of movements in the options granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme during the Reporting Period by
category of grantees are set out below:

                                                                                    Weighted                                                                                       Closing
                                                                                     average                                                                                       price of
                                                                                closing price                                                                                      the shares
                                                                                of the shares                                                                                      immediately
                                                                                 immediately                                                                                       before the
                                       Outstanding      Granted    Exercised       before the   Vesting           Lapsed     Cancelled    Outstanding     Exercise     Exercise    date on
                        Date of               as at   during the   during the        date the   period and      during the   during the          as at    period of     price of   which the
Category and            grant of         1 January    Reporting    Reporting    options were    performance     Reporting    Reporting        30 June    the share    the share    options were
Name of grantee         share option          2025        Period       Period       exercised   targets             Period       Period          2025      options      options    granted

Director
Zhao Xiaohong           17/11/2017               0            0            0               –    See paragraph           0            0              0     10 years     HK$1.34 N/A (Note 1)
                                                                                                (bb) above
Senior Management
  and Other Employees
  of the Group
Senior Management and   17/11/2017       2,025,000            0            0               –    See paragraph           0            0      2,025,000     10 years     HK$1.34 N/A (Note 1)
  Other Employees                                                                               (bb) above

Total                                    2,025,000            0            0               –                            0            0      2,025,000


Note 1: As such options were granted before listing, no closing market price is available.


The terms of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme are disclosed in the Company’s prospectus dated 7 December 2017.

Details of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme are set out in note 14 to the unaudited interim financial report contained in this
interim report.




                                                                                                                                                            Interim Report 2025                   43
     OTHER INFORMATION




     (b)     Share Option Scheme (Note)

             The Company adopted a share option scheme approved by the written resolution passed by the Shareholders on 17
             November 2017 (the “Share Option Scheme”). Unless otherwise cancelled or amended, the Share Option Scheme
             will remain in force for 10 years from 20 December 2017 (the “Listing Date”).

     Note:     As the existing Share Option Scheme was adopted before the new Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules became effective on 1 January 2023 (the “New
               Chapter 17”), certain terms of the existing Share Option Scheme may not be in full compliance with the New Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules. Share
               options to be granted under the Share Option Scheme in the future will be in compliance with the New Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.


     A summary of the Share Option Scheme of the Company is as follows:

     1.      Purpose                                        To recognize and acknowledge the contributions the SOS Eligible Participants
                                                            (as defined below) have had or may have made to the Group. The Share
                                                            Option Scheme will provide the SOS Eligible Participants (as defined below) an
                                                            opportunity to have a personal stake in the Company with the view to achieving
                                                            the following objectives:

                                                            (i)     motivating the SOS Eligible Participants (as defined below) to optimize
                                                                    their performance efficiency for the benefit of the Group; and

                                                            (ii)    attracting and retaining or otherwise maintaining on-going business
                                                                    relationships with the SOS Eligible Participants (as defined below) whose
                                                                    contributions are or will be beneficial to the long-term growth of the Group.

     2.      Participants                                   The Board may, at its discretion, offer to grant an option to subscribe for
                                                            such number of new shares as the Board may determine at an exercise price
                                                            determined in accordance with the terms set out in the Share Option Scheme to
                                                            the following persons (the “SOS Eligible Participants”):

                                                            (i)     any full-time or part-time employees, executives or officers of the Company
                                                                    or any of its subsidiaries;

                                                            (ii)    any Directors (including non-executive Directors and independent non-
                                                                    executive Directors) of the Company or any of its subsidiaries;

                                                            (iii)   any advisors, consultants, suppliers, customers and agents to the
                                                                    Company or any of its subsidiaries; and

                                                            (iv)    such other persons who, in the sole opinion of the Board, will contribute
                                                                    or have contributed to the Group, the assessment criteria of which are:

                                                                    (aa)   contribution to the development and performance of the Group;

                                                                    (bb) quality of work performed for the Group;

                                                                    (cc)   initiative and commitment in performing his/her duties; and

                                                                    (dd) length of service or contribution to the Group.

     3.      Total number of securities available 92,802,359 ordinary Shares and 8.27% of the existing issued share capital.
             for issue under the Share Option
             Scheme together with the percentage
             of the issued Shares that it represents
             as at the date of the interim report



44           AK Medical Holdings Limited
OTHER INFORMATION




4.   Maximum entitlement   The total number of Shares issued and which may fall to be issued upon
     of each participant   exercise of the options granted under the Share Option Scheme and any other
                           share option schemes of the Company (including both exercised, outstanding
                           options and Shares which were the subject of options which have been granted
                           and accepted under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option
                           schemes of the Company but subsequently canceled) to each SOS Eligible
                           Participant in any 12-month period up to the date of grant shall not exceed 1%
                           of the Shares in issue as of the date of grant. Any further grant of options in
                           excess of this 1% limit shall be subject to:

                           (i)    the issue of a circular by the Company to the Shareholders containing the
                                  identity of the SOS Eligible Participant, the numbers of and terms of the
                                  options to be granted (and options previously granted to such participant),
                                  the information as required under Rules 17.03(D) of the Listing Rules; and

                           (ii)   the approval of the Shareholders in general meeting and/or other
                                  requirements prescribed under the Listing Rules from time to time with
                                  such SOS Eligible Participant and his close associates (or his associates
                                  if such SOS Eligible Participant is a connected person) abstaining from
                                  voting. The numbers and terms (including the exercise price) of options
                                  to be granted to such participant must be fixed before the Shareholders’
                                  approval and the date of the Board meeting at which the Board proposes
                                  to grant the options to such SOS Eligible Participant shall be taken as
                                  the date of grant for the purpose of calculating the exercise price of the
                                  Shares. The Board shall forward to such SOS Eligible Participant an offer
                                  document in such form as the Board may from time to time determine or,
                                  alternatively, documents accompanying the offer document which state,
                                  among other things:

                                  (aa)   the SOS Eligible Participant’s name, address and occupation/
                                         position;

                                  (bb) the date on which an option is offered to a SOS Eligible Participant
                                       which must be a date on which the Hong Kong Stock Exchange is
                                       open for the business of dealing in securities;

                                  (cc)   the date upon which an offer for an option must be accepted;

                                  (dd) the date upon which an option is deemed to be granted and
                                       accepted in accordance with paragraph (cc);

                                  (ee)   the number of Shares in respect of which the option is offered;

                                  (ff)   the exercise price and the manner of payment of such price for the
                                         Shares on and in consequence of the exercise of the option;

                                  (gg) the date of the expiry of the option;

                                  (hh) the method of acceptance of the option which shall, unless the
                                       Board otherwise determines, be as set out in item 7 below; and




                                                                                         Interim Report 2025    45
     OTHER INFORMATION




                                                       (ii)   such other terms and conditions (including, without limitation, any
                                                              minimum period for which an option shall be held before it can be
                                                              exercised and/or any performance targets which must be achieved
                                                              before the option can be exercised) relating to the offer of the option
                                                              which in the opinion of the Board are fair and reasonable but not
                                                              being inconsistent with the Share Option Scheme and the Listing
                                                              Rules.

     5.   Period within which the securities   An option may be taken up in accordance with the terms of the Share Option
          must be taken up under an option     Scheme at any time after the date upon which the option is deemed to be
                                               granted and accepted and may be exercised thereupon and prior to the expiry
                                               of the period as notified by the Board to each Grantee provided that such period
                                               of time shall not exceed a period of ten years from that date. No further share
                                               options may be granted after 10 years from the Listing Date.

     6.   Minimum/vesting period, if any,      There is no minimum period for which an option granted must be held before it
          for which an option must be held     can be vested and exercised except otherwise imposed by the Directors.
          before it can be exercised

     7.   Amount, if any, payable on           An option shall be deemed to have been granted and accepted by the grantee
          application or acceptance of the     and to have taken effect when the document constituting acceptance of the
          option and the period within which   option duly signed by the grantee, together with a remittance in favor of the
          payments or calls must or may be     Company of HK$1.00 by way of consideration for the grant thereof is received
          made or loans for such purposes      by the Company on or before the relevant acceptance date (which shall not
          must be repaid                       be later than 30 days after the date of offer of the relevant option). Such
                                               payment shall in no circumstances be refundable. Any offer to grant an option
                                               to subscribe for Shares may be accepted in respect of less than the number of
                                               Shares for which it is offered provided that it must be accepted in respect of a
                                               board lot for dealing in Shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange or an integral
                                               multiple thereof and such number is clearly stated in the document constituting
                                               acceptance of the option. To the extent that the offer to grant an option is not
                                               accepted by any prescribed acceptance date, it shall be deemed to have been
                                               irrevocably lapsed.

     8.   Basis of determining the exercise    The exercise price of a Share in respect of any particular option granted under
          price                                the Share Option Scheme shall be such price as the Board in its absolute
                                               discretion shall determine, except that such price will not be less than the
                                               highest of:

                                               (i)     the closing price of the Shares as stated in the Hong Kong Stock
                                                       Exchange’s daily quotation sheets on the date of grant, which must be a
                                                       day on which the Hong Kong Stock Exchange is open for the business of
                                                       dealing in securities;

                                               (ii)    the average of the closing prices of the Shares as stated in the Hong
                                                       Kong Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheets for the five business days
                                                       immediately preceding the date of grant; and

                                               (iii)   the nominal value of a Share.

     9.   The remaining life of the Share      The Share Option Scheme remains in force until 19 December 2027. As at the
          Option Scheme                        date of this interim report, the remaining life of the Share Option Scheme is
                                               approximately 2 years and 3 months.


46        AK Medical Holdings Limited
OTHER INFORMATION




On 31 March 2022, the Company granted 8,582,362 share options (representing approximately 0.76% of the issued share
capital of the Company as at the date of this interim report and approximately 0.76% of the enlarged issued share capital of
the Company upon exercise in full of the aforesaid share options, respectively) (the “2022 Share Options”) at an exercise
price of HK$4.66 per share to 112 employees of the Group (the “2022 Grantees”) pursuant to the Share Option Scheme.
The validity period of the 2022 Share Options granted were from 31 March 2022 to 30 March 2032 (both dates inclusive).
The closing price of the Shares on the date of grant was HK$4.66 per share.

The vesting period and conditions of the 2022 Share Options granted were as follows:

(i)     1,716,472 share options, representing 20% of the total 2022 Share Options granted, would be vested on 31 March
        2023 conditional upon the achievement or attainment of certain performance targets by the Company and the
        respective 2022 Grantee, among which, all such 1,716,472 share options were vested;

(ii)    1,716,472 share options, representing 20% of the total 2022 Share Options granted, would be vested on 31 March
        2024 conditional upon the achievement or attainment of certain performance targets by the Company and the
        respective 2022 Grantee, among which, all such 1,716,472 share options were lapsed on the relevant vesting date;

(ii)    2,574,709 share options, representing 30% of the total 2022 Share Options granted, would be vested on 31 March
        2025 conditional upon the achievement or attainment of certain performance targets by the Company and the
        respective 2022 Grantee, among which, all such 2,574,709 share options were vested; and

(iv)    2,574,709 share options, representing 30% of the total 2022 Share Options granted, will be vested on 31 March 2026
        conditional upon the achievement or attainment of certain performance targets by the Company and the respective
        2022 Grantee.

Among the 2022 Share Options granted, 660,304 share options were granted to Ms. Zhao Xiaohong (“Ms. Zhao”), an
executive Director. The grant of the 660,304 share options to Ms. Zhao was approved by all the independent non-executive
Directors pursuant to Rule 17.04(1) of the Listing Rules and the terms of the Share Option Scheme. Save as disclosed
above, none of the 2022 Grantees is a Director, chief executive or substantial Shareholder (as defined in the Listing Rules) of
the Company or any of their respective associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) as at the date of this interim report. For
details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 31 March 2022.

On 11 April 2023, the Company granted 1,699,036 share options (representing approximately 0.15% of the issued share
capital of the Company as at the date of this interim report and approximately 0.15% of the enlarged issued share capital of
the Company upon exercise in full of the aforesaid share options, respectively) (the “2023 Share Options”) to 86 selected
eligible persons (the “2023 Grantees”) pursuant to the Share Option Scheme. The validity period of the 2023 Share Options
granted were from 11 April 2023 to 10 April 2033 (both dates inclusive). The closing price of the Shares on the date of grant
was HK$10.18 per Share.

The vesting period and conditions of the 2023 Options granted were as follows:

(i)     339,807 share options, representing 20% of the total 2023 Share Options granted, would be vested on 11 April 2024
        conditional upon the achievement or attainment of certain performance targets by the Company and the respective
        2023 Grantee, among which all such 339,807 share options were lapsed on the relevant vesting date;

(ii)    339,807 share options, representing 20% of the total 2023 Share Options granted, would be vested on 11 April 2025
        conditional upon the achievement or attainment of certain performance targets by the Company and the respective
        2023 Grantee, among which, all such 339,807 share options were vested;

(iii)   509,711 share options, representing 30% of the total 2023 Share Options granted, will be vested on 11 April 2026
        conditional upon the achievement or attainment of certain performance targets by the Company and the respective
        2023 Grantee; and

(iv)    509,711 share options, representing 30% of the total 2023 Share Options granted, will be vested on 11 April 2027
        conditional upon the achievement or attainment of certain performance targets by the Company and the respective
        2023 Grantee.


                                                                                                         Interim Report 2025      47
     OTHER INFORMATION




     Among the 2023 Share Options granted, 139,620 share options were granted to Ms. Zhao, an executive Director. The
     grant of the 139,620 share options to Ms. Zhao was approved by all the independent non-executive Directors pursuant to
     Rule 17.04(1) of the Listing Rules and the terms of the Share Option Scheme. Save as disclosed above, none of the 2023
     Grantees is a Director, chief executive or substantial shareholder (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company or any of
     their respective associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) as at the date of this interim report. For details, please refer to the
     announcement of the Company dated 11 April 2023.

     The details of movement in the share options granted under the Share Option Scheme during the Reporting Period by
     category of grantees are set out below:

                                                                                         Weighted average
                                                                                              closing price
                                                          Share      Share                   of the Shares                                 Share
                                                        options options                        immediately                               options                                                                              Closing
                                Date of             outstanding granted       Exercised before the date Cancelled         Lapsed     outstanding                                                             Exercise            price
                                grant of                   as at during the   during the      on which the during the   during the          as at                                                             price of    immediately
     Category and               share                 1 January Reporting     Reporting      share options Reporting    Reporting        30 June                                 Exercise period of             share       before the
     name of grantee (Note 1)   options                    2025      Period       Period were exercised        Period       Period          2025    Vesting period (Note 2)      share options                options    date of grant

     Directors
     Zhao Xiaohong              31/3/2022Note (3)      396,184            –           –                 –          –        3,090        393,094    (i) 198,091 on 31/3/2026;    10 years from the date upon HK$4.66         HK$4.66
                                                                                                                                                                                 which the share options were
                                                                                                                                                                                 granted and accepted by the
                                                                                                                                                                                 relevant grantee
                                11/4/2023Note (3)      111,696            –           –                 –          –          436        111,260    (i) 41,886 on 11/4/2026;     10 years from the date upon HK$10.18       HK$10.18
                                                                                                                                                    (i ) 41,886 on 11/4/2027.    which the share options were
                                                                                                                                                                                 granted and accepted by the
                                                                                                                                                                                 relevant grantee
     Senior management
       and other employees
       of the Group
     Senior management          31/3/2022Note (3)     5,280,539           –      24,341           HK$6.03          –      206,667      5,049,531    (i) 2,376,617 on 31/3/2026   10 years from the date upon HK$4.66         HK$4.66
       and other employees                                                                                                                                                       which the share options were
       of the Group                                                                                                                                                              granted and accepted by the
                                                                                                                                                                                 relevant grantee
                                11/4/2023Note (3)     1,135,408           –           –                 –          –       37,430      1,097,978    (i) 467,825 on 11/4/2026;    10 years from the date upon HK$10.18       HK$10.18
                                                                                                                                                    (i ) 467,825 on 11/4/2027    which the share options were
                                                                                                                                                                                 granted and accepted by the
                                                                                                                                                                                 relevant grantee

     Total                                            6,923,827                  24,341                             –     247,623      6,651,863


     Notes:

     (1)          Save as disclosed above, there is no other category of persons that is granted with share options and is required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule
                  17.07 of the Listing Rules.

     (2)          The vesting is conditional upon the achievement or attainment of certain performance targets by the Company and the respective grantee.

     (3)          Please refer to Note 14 to the unaudited interim financial report of this interim report for details of the fair value of the share options granted on 31 March
                  2022 and 11 April 2023 and the accounting standard and policy adopted.

     (4)          The total number of share options available for grant under the Share Option Scheme as at 1 January 2025 and 30 June 2025 were 92,554,736 Shares
                  and 92,802,359 Shares, respectively, representing approximately 8.24% and 8.27% of the Company’s issued share capital as at the respective dates.
                  There is no service provider sublimit.

     (5)          The number of the Shares that may be issued in respect of the options and awards granted under Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme, Share Option
                  Scheme and the Share Award Scheme during the Reporting Period were 10,531,783 Shares. The dilutive effect of such is 0.94%, being the number of
                  Shares may be issued divided by the weighted average number of Shares (excluding treasury shares, if any) for the same period.


     Save as disclosed above, no share option was granted, exercised, lapsed or cancelled during the period ended 30 June
     2025.




48              AK Medical Holdings Limited
OTHER INFORMATION




SHARE AWARD SCHEME (Note)
The share award scheme of the Company (the“Share Award Scheme”) was adopted by the Board on 8 December 2020
(the“Adoption Date”). Summary of principal terms of the Share Award Scheme are set forth below:

1.     Purpose & administration                      The purposes of the Share Award Scheme are to recognise and reward the
                                                     contribution of certain SAS Eligible Participants (as defined below) to the
                                                     growth and development of the Group, to give incentives to SAS Eligible
                                                     Participants (as defined below) in order to retain them for the continual operation
                                                     and development of the Group and to attract suitable personnel for further
                                                     development of the Group.

                                                     The Share Award Scheme shall be subject to the administration of the Board
                                                     whose decisions on all matters arising in relation to the Share Award Scheme
                                                     or its interpretation or effect shall be final, conclusive and binding on all persons
                                                     who may be affected thereby, provided that such administration shall not
                                                     prejudice (i) the powers of the trustee (the “Trustee”) as provided under the
                                                     trust deed entered into between the Company and the Trustee (the “Trust
                                                     Deed”); and (ii) the powers of the remuneration committee of the Board on
                                                     recommending and/or deciding (on and subject to the terms and conditions
                                                     provided under the Share Award Scheme) the selection of the selected
                                                     participants (the “Selected Participants”), the number of awarded Shares (the
                                                     “Awarded Shares”) to be awarded to the respective Selected Participants and
                                                     other related matters as expressly provided under the Share Award Scheme.

2.     Participants                                  Under the rules constituting the Share Award Scheme, the following classes
                                                     of participants (excluding the excluded participants) (the “SAS Eligible
                                                     Participants”) are eligible for participation in the Share Award Scheme:

                                                     (a)     any employee (whether full time or part time, including any executive
                                                             director but excluding any non-executive director) of the Company, any of
                                                             its subsidiary (the “Subsidiary”) or any of its invested entity (the “Invested
                                                             Entity”) (an “Employee”);

                                                     (b)     any non-executive director (including independent non-executive directors)
                                                             of the Company, any Subsidiary or any Invested Entity;

                                                     (c)     any adviser (professional or otherwise), consultant to or expert in any area
                                                             of business or business development of any member of the Group or any
                                                             invested entity; and

                                                     (d)     any other group or classes of participants who have contributed or may
                                                             contribute by way of joint venture, business alliance or other business
                                                             arrangement to the development and growth of the Group,

                                                     and, for the purposes of the Share Award Scheme, the award may be made to
                                                     any company wholly owned by one or more of the above participant.

Note: As the existing Share Award Scheme was adopted before the New Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules, certain terms of the existing Share Award Scheme
      may not be in full compliance with the New Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules. Awarded Shares to be granted under the Share Award Scheme in the future
      will be in compliance with the New Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.




                                                                                                                               Interim Report 2025          49
     OTHER INFORMATION




                                              The eligibility of any of the SAS Eligible Participants to an award shall be
                                              determined by the Board from time to time on the basis of the Board’s opinion
                                              as to his contribution and/or future contribution to the development and growth
                                              of the Group.

     3.   Total number of Shares available    The total number of Shares available to be subscribed for and/or purchased
          for issue under the Share Award     by the Trustee by applying the Group contribution for the purpose of the Share
          Scheme together with the            Award Scheme are 6,524,000 Shares, representing 0.58% of the total number
          percentage of the issued shares     of issued Shares as at the date of this interim report. The Board shall not instruct
          that it represents as at the date   the Trustee to subscribe for and/or purchase any Shares for the purpose of the
          of this interim report              Share Award Scheme when such subscription and/or purchase will result in
                                              such threshold being exceeded.

     4.   Maximum entitlement of each         The maximum number of Shares which may be subject to an award or awards
          participant                         to a Selected Participant shall not in aggregate exceed 1% of the issued share
                                              capital of the Company as at the Adoption Date.

     5.   Period within which a Selected      The Board shall notify the Selected Participant in writing after an award has
          Participant may accept offer        been provisionally made to such Selected Participant and the notice shall
          of award                            contain substantially the same information as that set out in the award notice
                                              provided that nothing contained in such notice shall be construed as conferring
                                              any rights, interests, benefits and title to and in the awarded Shares on such
                                              Selected Participant before the vesting of the legal and beneficial ownership of
                                              such awarded Shares in the Selected Participant in accordance with these rules
                                              of the Scheme. An award shall be deemed to be irrevocably accepted by a
                                              Selected Participant unless the Selected Participant shall within five (5) Business
                                              Days after receipt of such notice from the Board notify the Company in writing
                                              that he would decline to accept such award.

     6.   Vesting period of awards granted    The Board may from time to time, at its discretion, determine the earliest vesting
          under the Share Award Scheme        date (the “Vesting Date”) and other subsequent date(s), if any, upon which the
                                              awarded Shares held by the Trustee upon trust and which are referable to a
                                              Selected Participant shall vest in that Selected Participant.

                                              During the vesting period, any dividends and other distributions (the “Other
                                              Distributions”) declared and made in respect of any awarded Shares shall
                                              belong to the Trustee and the relevant Selected Participant shall not have any
                                              right whatsoever in such Other Distributions in respect of any awarded Shares
                                              or otherwise unless and until the relevant awarded Shares are vested in such
                                              Selected Participant. Such Other Distributions shall be applied to subscription for
                                              and/or purchase of Shares for the purpose of satisfying any further awards by
                                              the Board and, upon termination of the Share Award Scheme, shall be treated
                                              and dealt with as income of the trust fund under the Trust Deed generally.




50        AK Medical Holdings Limited
OTHER INFORMATION




                                          At any time prior to a Vesting Date, unless the Board otherwise determines, in
                                          respect of a Selected Participant who:

                                          (a)   died, all the awarded Shares of the Selected Participant shall be deemed
                                                to be vested on the Selected Participant on the day immediately prior to
                                                his death; or

                                          (b)   (in the case of a Selected Participant who is an Employee) retired at his
                                                normal retirement date, all the awarded Shares of the Selected Participant
                                                shall be deemed to be vested on the Selected Participant on the day
                                                immediately prior to his normal retirement date; or

                                          (c)   (in the case of a Selected Participant who is an Employee) retired at an
                                                earlier retirement date (with prior written agreement given by the Company
                                                or the Subsidiary or the Invested Entity), all the awarded Shares of the
                                                Selected Participant shall be deemed to be vested on the Selected
                                                Participant on the day immediately prior to his earlier retirement date.

                                          If there is an event of change in control, as defined in the Hong Kong Codes
                                          on Takeovers and Mergers and Share Repurchases from time to time, of
                                          the Company by way of general or partial takeover offer, share repurchase
                                          offer or scheme of arrangement or otherwise in like manner made to all the
                                          Shareholders, all the unvested award Shares shall vest at any time before the
                                          expiry of the period of ten (10) Business Days following the date on which the
                                          offer becomes or is declared unconditional.

7.   Amount, if any, payable on           There is no specific amount on application or acceptance of the award of the
     application of the award and the     Share Award Scheme.
     period within which payments or
     calls must or may be made or loans   The Board shall, subject to and in accordance with the rules of the Share Award
     for such purposes must be repaid     Scheme, be entitled to, at any time during the continuation of the Share Award
                                          Scheme, make an award out of the Shares Pool to any of the SAS Eligible
                                          Participants such number of Shares as it shall determine pursuant to the Share
                                          Award Scheme. The Board shall notify the Trustee in writing upon the making
                                          of an award under the Share Award Scheme by giving the Trustee an award
                                          notice. The making of an award to any connected person of the Company shall
                                          be subject to compliance with the applicable requirements under the Listing
                                          Rules.

8.   Basis of determination of the        It is intended that the shares under the Share Award Scheme will be offered to
     purchase price of shares awarded     the Selected Participants for no consideration subject to the compliance with the
                                          relevant laws and regulations, acceptance by the Selected Participants and the
                                          vesting period and conditions to be decided by the Board at the time of grant of
                                          award under the Share Award Scheme.




                                                                                                      Interim Report 2025     51
     OTHER INFORMATION




     9.   Remaining life of the Share Award     The Share Award Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of 10
          Scheme                                years commencing from the Adoption Date but may be terminated earlier as
                                                determined by the Board. If, at the date of the termination of the Share Award
                                                Scheme, the Trustee holds any Share which has not been set aside in favour of
                                                any Selected Participant or retains any unutilised funds received as the Group
                                                contribution or otherwise, then the Trustee shall, within twenty-one (21) Business
                                                Days after receiving actual notice of such termination, sell such Shares at the
                                                prevailing market price and remit the proceeds of sale (after making appropriate
                                                deductions in respect of stamp duty and other costs, liabilities and expenses
                                                in accordance with the Trust Deed) together with such unutilised funds to
                                                the Company. Upon termination of the Share Award Scheme, subject to the
                                                decision of the Board and to the terms of the Share Award Scheme, the relevant
                                                Vesting Date of the awarded Shares shall be unaffected and the awarded
                                                Shares shall remain transferable to and to be vested in such Selected Participant
                                                in accordance with the terms set out in the award notice, save in respect of any
                                                lapse of the award.

     During the period ended 30 June 2025, there were 6,199,841 Shares held in trust by the trustee under the Share Award
     Scheme.

     On 31 March 2022, the Company offered to grant a total of 838,784 Awarded Shares at nil consideration to 112 Selected
     Participants who are employees of the Group as an incentive to retain and attract talents for the Group. The grant of
     838,784 Awarded Shares is subject to acceptance by the Selected Participants and the vesting period and conditions. The
     838,784 Awarded Shares will be satisfied with the existing issued Shares held by the trustee.

     On 15 July 2024, the Company granted a total of 1,706,959 Awarded Shares at nil consideration to 81 Selected Participants
     who are employees of the Group as an incentive to retain and attract talents for the Group. The grant of 1,706,959 Awarded
     Shares is subject to acceptance by the Selected Participants and the vesting period and conditions. Such 1,706,959
     Awarded Shares will be satisfied with the existing issued Shares held by the trustee.

     For details of the grant, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 31 March 2022 and 15 July 2024.




52        AK Medical Holdings Limited
OTHER INFORMATION




Details of the movement of the Awarded Shares during the Reporting Period are set out in the table below:

                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             average
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              closing
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          price of the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Shares
                                                                                                                                                         Number of    Number of    Number of    Number of                 immediately
                                                                                                                                           Number of      Awarded      Awarded      Awarded      Awarded     Number of     before the
                                                                  Closing price                                                              unvested       Shares       Shares       Shares       Shares     unvested        date on
                                                      Purchase       of Shares    Fair value of                                              Awarded       granted       vested    cancelled       lapsed     Awarded       which the
                                  Date of grant of   price of the immediately     the Awarded              Vesting period                   Shares as    during the   during the   during the   during the      Shares      Awarded
Category and                      the Awarded          Awarded      before the    Shares at the            of the Awarded                 at 1 January   Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting      as at 30 Shares were
name of grantee(Note 1)           Shares                 Shares date of grant     date of grant (Note 2)   Shares                                2025       Period       Period       Period       Period    June 2025         vested

Directors
Zhao Xiaohong                     15/7/2024                   –        HK$4.53    HK$4.40-HK$4.45          14/7/2025-11/4/2026 (Note 4)       138,943            –            –            –            –      138,943              –


Senior management and other
employees of the Group
Senior management and other       31/3/2022                   –        HK$4.66    HK$4.52-HK$4.64          31/3/2023-31/3/2026 (Note 3)       404,510            –      174,761            –       30,550      199,199       HK$6.07
employees of the Group            15/7/2024                   –        HK$4.53    HK$4.40-HK$4.45          14/7/2025-11/4/2026 (Note 4)     1,546,943            –            –            –       30,165     1,516,778             –

Total                                                                                                                                       2,090,396            –      174,761            –       60,715     1,854,920


Notes:

(1)          Save as disclosed above, there is no other category of persons that is granted with share awards and is required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule
             17.07 of the Listing Rules.

(2)          Please refer to Note 14 to the unaudited interim financial report contained in this interim report for details of the fair value of the awards and the
             accounting standard and policy adopted.

(3)          The Trustee shall hold the Awarded Shares in trust for the Selected Participants, and shall transfer such Awarded Shares to the Selected Participants at
             nil consideration until and upon satisfaction of the following vesting period and conditions:

             (i)          167,757 Awarded Shares, representing 20% of the total Awarded Shares granted, would be vested on 31 March 2023 conditional upon the
                          achievement or attainment of certain performance targets by the Company and the respective Selected Participant, among which 149,398
                          Awarded Shares were vested and 18,359 Awarded Shares were lapsed;

             (ii)         167,757 Awarded Shares, representing 20% of the total Awarded Shares granted, would be vested on 31 March 2024 conditional upon the
                          achievement or attainment of certain performance targets by the Company and the respective Selected Participant, among which 167,757
                          Awarded Shares were lapsed;




                                                                                                                                                                                                Interim Report 2025                      53
     OTHER INFORMATION




           (iii)   251,635 Awarded Shares, representing 30% of the total Awarded Shares granted, would be vested on 31 March 2025 conditional upon the
                   achievement or attainment of certain performance targets by the Company and the respective Selected Participant, among which 174,761
                   Awarded Shares were vested and 76,874 Awarded Shares were lapsed; and

           (iv)    251,635 Awarded Shares, representing 30% of the total Awarded Shares granted, will be vested on 31 March 2026 conditional upon the
                   achievement or attainment of certain performance targets by the Company and the respective Selected Participant.

     (4)   Vesting period of the relevant Awarded Shares are set out below:

           (i)     50% of the Awarded Shares would be vested on 14 July 2025 conditional upon the achievement or attainment of certain performance targets by
                   the Company and the respective Grantee as summarized below; and

           (ii)    50% of the Awarded Shares will be vested on 11 April 2026 conditional upon the achievement or attainment of certain performance targets by
                   the Company and the respective Grantee as summarized below.

           The performance targets mentioned in paragraph (4) above are set out below:

           The pre-determined ratios of certain key financial performance indicators shall be taken into account to calculate the overall performance of the
           Company in that relevant year, including the revenue, net profit, cash flow and the rate of increase of the revenue to determine whether or not the
           Awarded Shares shall vest in full or vest in proportion in accordance with the performance target actually achieved, or lapse in each of the vesting
           period set out above.

           The Group has set up a performance appraisal system for the employees, which comprehensively evaluates the performance of the Grantees in
           an accurate and all-rounded manner. The Company will determine whether the Grantees meet the individual performance targets based on their
           performance appraisal results for the relevant year. In case such individual performance targets could not be met, the relevant Awarded Shares shall
           lapse accordingly.


     Saved as disclosed above, no Awarded Share was granted, vested, lapsed or cancelled during the Reporting Period.

     As of 1 January 2025 and 30 June 2025, the number of awards available for grant under the Share Award Scheme were
     109,310,206 and 109,370,921, respectively.

     The number of the Shares that may be issued in respect of the options and awards granted under Pre-IPO Share Option
     Scheme, Share Option Scheme and the Share Award Scheme during the Reporting Period were 10,531,783 Shares. The
     dilutive effect of such is 0.94%, being the number of Shares may be issued divided by the weighted average number of
     Shares (excluding treasury shares, if any) for the same period.




54         AK Medical Holdings Limited
OTHER INFORMATION




MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS OF LISTED
ISSUERS
The Company has adopted the Model Code as the code of conduct regarding securities transactions by Directors. Having
made specific enquiries by the Company, all the Directors confirmed that they have complied with the required standard set
out in the Model Code throughout the six months ended 30 June 2025.

The Company has also established written guidelines on no less stringent terms than the Model Code (the “Employees
Written Guidelines”) for securities transactions by employees who are likely to be in possession of unpublished inside
information of the Company. No incident of non-compliance of the Employees Written Guidelines by the employees was
noted by the Company throughout the six months ended 30 June 2025.


COMPLIANCE WITH THE CODE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
The Board and management are committed to achieving high corporate governance standards. The Board has reviewed the
Company’s corporate governance practices and is satisfied that the Company has been in compliance with the applicable
code provisions (the “Code Provisions”) set out in Part 2 of the Corporate Governance Code contained in Appendix C1
to the Listing Rules throughout the six months ended 30 June 2025 and up to the date of this interim report, with the
exception of code provision C.2.1 (the “Code Provision C.2.1”).

According to Code Provision C.2.1, the roles of chairman and chief executive should be separate and should not be
performed by the same individual. The Group deviates from this Code Provision C.2.1 because the position of the chairman
and chief executive officer of the Group are held by Mr. Li Zhijiang who is the founder of the Group and has extensive
experience in the industry. The Board believes that Mr. Li Zhijiang can provide the Group with strong and consistent
leadership that allows for effective and efficient planning and implementation of business decisions and strategies. The
Board also considers that the current structure of vesting the roles of chairman and chief executive officer in the same
person will not impair the balance of power and authority between the Board and the management of the Group. The Board
shall review this structure from time to time to ensure appropriate and timely action to meet changing circumstances.


REVIEW BY THE AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Company has the Audit Committee with terms of reference aligned with the Code Provisions for the purpose of
reviewing and providing supervision on the financial reporting process and internal controls of the Group. The Audit
Committee consists of two independent non-executive Directors, Mr. Kong Chi Mo (chairman), Dr. Li Shu Wing David and
one non-executive Director, Dr. Wang David Guowei.

The Group’s interim report for the six months ended 30 June 2025 have been reviewed by all members of the Audit
Committee. Based on such review, the Audit Committee was of the opinion that the Group’s unaudited interim financial
report were prepared in accordance with the applicable accounting standards as well as the Listing Rules and that adequate
disclosures have been duly made. The Audit Committee does not have any disagreement with the accounting treatment
adopted by the Company.




                                                                                                     Interim Report 2025     55
     OTHER INFORMATION




     CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE
     Save as disclosed in note 17 to the unaudited interim financial report contained in this report, (i) the Group did not enter into
     any transaction, arrangement or contract of significance in which the Company, or any of its subsidiaries and a controlling
     shareholder of the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party, and in which a Director or an entity connected with
     the Director had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, subsisted as at 30 June 2025 or at any time during the six
     months ended 30 June 2025 and (ii) there was no transaction, arrangement or contracts of significance for the provision of
     services to the Company or any of its subsidiaries by a controlling shareholder or any of its subsidiaries subsisted as at 30
     June 2025 or at any time during the six months ended 30 June 2025.


     INTERIM DIVIDEND
     The Board did not recommend to declare any interim dividend to the Shareholders for the six months ended 30 June 2025.


     SUBSEQUENT EVENT
     Since 30 June 2025 and up to the date of this interim report, no material event affecting the Group has occurred.


     INDEPENDENT REVIEW OF AUDITORS
     The interim financial report for the six months ended 30 June 2025 is unaudited, but has been reviewed by KPMG, in
     accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410, Review of interim financial information performed by
     the independent auditor of the entity , issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants, whose unmodified
     review report is included in this interim report to be sent to the Shareholders.


     CHANGES IN INFORMATION IN RESPECT OF DIRECTORS
     Pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules, changes in information of Directors during the six months ended 30 June
     2025 and up to the date of this interim report are set out below:

     Name of Director                   Details of Change

     Dr. Gao Wei                        Dr. Gao Wei was added as a member of the independent director committee of China
                                         Association for Public Companies in July, with a term of office from July 2025 to July 2027.

     Dr. Wang David Guowei              Dr. Wang David Guowei acted as a director of Sinovac Biotech Ltd. (a company listed in the
                                         NASDAQ, stock code: SVA) from 16 January 2025 to 18 June 2025.


     DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
     The interim report of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2025 containing all the relevant information required
     by the Listing Rules has been published on the websites of HKEXnews operated by Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing
     Limited (https://www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company (http://ak-medical.net).



     By Order of the Board
     AK Medical Holdings Limited
     Li Zhijiang
     Chairman

     Hong Kong
     27 August 2025


56        AK Medical Holdings Limited
