SSY Group AR21_Final_(20mm)_OP.pdf   1   11/4/2022   18:58:30
CONTENTS




                                                                                         Pages

Corporate Information                                                                          2

Chairman’s Statement                                                                           3

Management Discussion and Analysis                                                         12

Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management                                    19

Corporate Governance Report                                                                21

Environmental, Social and Governance Report                                                33

Report of the Directors                                                                    47

Independent Auditor’s Report                                                               60

Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income                    66

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                                               68

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                                                70

Consolidated Cash Flow Statement                                                           71

Notes to the Financial Statements                                                          72

Five Years Financial Summary                                                              152




                                                                          Annual Report 2021       1
    CORPORATE INFORMATION




    STOCK CODE                                          NOMINATION COMMITTEE

    2005                                                Mr. Wang Yibing (Chairman)
                                                        Mr. Leung Chong Shun
    EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                                 Mr. Chow Kwok Wai

    Mr. Qu Jiguang (Chairman)                           PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER
    Mr. Su Xuejun                                       OFFICE
    Mr. Meng Guo (appointed on 27 August 2021)
    Mr. Chow Hing Yeung (appointed on 27 August 2021)   Suntera (Cayman) Limited
    Mr. Wang Xianjun (resigned on 27 August 2021)
                                                        Suite 3204, Unit 2A
                                                        Block 3, Building D
    NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
                                                        P.O. Box 1586, Gardenia Court
    Mr. Feng Hao                                        Camana Bay, Grand Cayman
                                                        KY1-1100, Cayman Islands
    INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
                                                        HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR AND
    Mr. Wang Yibing                                     TRANSFER OFFICE
    Mr. Leung Chong Shun
    Mr. Chow Kwok Wai                                   Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
                                                        Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor
    COMPANY SECRETARY                                   Hopewell Centre
                                                        183 Queen’s Road East
    Mr. Chow Hing Yeung                                 Wanchai, Hong Kong

    REGISTERED OFFICE                                   PRINCIPAL BANKERS
    Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive                      Agricultural Bank of China
    P.O. Box 2681, Grand Cayman                         Bank of China
    KY1-1111, Cayman Islands
                                                        Bank of China (Hong Kong)
                                                        Bank of Communications
    HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF
    BUSINESS IN HONG KONG                               BNP Paribas
                                                        China CITIC Bank International
    Rooms 4902-03, 49th Floor                           China Construction Bank
    Central Plaza, 18 Harbour Road                      Citibank (China)
    Wanchai, Hong Kong                                  Hang Seng Bank
                                                        Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation
    AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES                          Industrial and Commercial Bank of China

    Mr. Meng Guo (appointed on 27 August 2021)          LEGAL ADVISER TO THE COMPANY AS TO
    Mr. Chow Hing Yeung                                 HONG KONG LAW
    Mr. Wang Xianjun (resigned on 27 August 2021)
                                                        DLA Piper Hong Kong
    AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                                        AUDITOR
    Mr. Chow Kwok Wai (Chairman)
    Mr. Wang Yibing                                     KPMG
    Mr. Leung Chong Shun                                Public Interest Entity Auditor registered in accordance
                                                        with the Financial Reporting Council Ordinance
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
                                                        WEBSITE
    Mr. Leung Chong Shun (Chairman)
    Mr. Wang Yibing
    Mr. Chow Kwok Wai                                   http://www.ssygroup.com.hk




2     SSY Group Limited
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




On behalf of the board of directors (the “Board”) of SSY Group Limited (the “Company”), I hereby present the
annual report of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2021.

I.    RESULT AND DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION

      In 2021, faced with the adjustments in the pharmaceutical market and industrial policy amidst the
      normality under novel coronavirus epidemic, the Group made concerted efforts to overcome the various
      adverse effects brought by the epidemic and market competition with its endeavor in operation and
      implementation of various measures to ensure market support, and thus achieved sustainable growth in
      volume and revenue of its main businesses. Over the past year, as the Group made strenuous efforts to
      promote scientific research, innovation and structural optimisation, new products and product types under
      evaluations have been approved successively, and the Group demonstrated strong advantage in winning
      tenders of national and local centralised procurement of preparation products. With the accelerated
      utilisation of the production capacity of main bulk pharmaceuticals and preparations, continuous
      improvement in the market condition and increasing market shares, the Group delivered favourable
      performance in promoting the integrated development in relation to the whole industry chain and
      diversified forms from medical materials, bulk pharmaceuticals to high value-added preparations, providing
      sufficient momentum for the future development of the Group.

      In 2021, the Group achieved a revenue of HK$5,357 million, representing an increase of 25.7% compared
      to last year, and the gross profit margin was 59.2%, representing a decrease of 4.4 percentage points
      compared to last year. The net profit was HK$786 million, representing an increase of 28.4% compared
      to last year. The Directors resolved to pay a final dividend of HK$0.07 per share on 8 June 2022 to the
      shareholders named in the register of members of the Company on 26 May 2022. Total dividends for the
      year were HK$0.12 per share, representing an increase of 20% compared to last year.

II.   BUSINESS REVIEW

      (1)    Sales of Products

             In response to the new situation of further implementation of reform to the centralised medicines
             procurement and under the epidemic normality, the Group increased its effort in promoting market
             development for conventional preparations and main preparations. At the same time, in light of
             changes in demands from the industrial chain and upholding the principle of overall planning
             and key breakthrough, the Group stepped up efforts in increasing the production and sales of its
             major bulk pharmaceuticals and medical materials, so as to ensure a continuously and consistently
             favourable operation performance overall. Taking the opportunity brought by National Centralised
             Medicines Procurement as well as provincial and regional Group Purchasing Organisation
             Programme, the Group continuously expanded the market accessibility of its products. During the
             year, the Group actively participated in the fourth and fifth round of National Centralised Medicines
             Procurement and renewal of previous National Centralised Procurement contracts, as well as the
             tendering of provincial and municipal procurement programmes, price integration and tendering
             for hospital medicines procurements. 2 types with 4 specifications, namely Ambroxol Hydrochloride
             Injection (1ml: 7.5mg, 2ml: 15mg, 4ml: 30mg) and Doxofylline Injection (10mg: 0.1g) were
             awarded the tenders in the fourth round of National Centralised Medicines Procurement. 2 product
             specifications, namely Fluconazole and Sodium Chloride Injection (100ml: 0.2g Fluconazole and
             0.9g Sodium Chloride) and Ropivacaine Hydrochloride Injection (10ml: 100mg PP ampoule), were
             successfully selected in the fifth round of National Centralised Medicines Procurement. So far,
             a total of 6 types with 9 specifications of the Group’s products have been selected in National
             Centralised Medicines Procurement, which were promptly put on the market and realised the sales
             increment, becoming a new growth driver for the benefit of the Group.




                                                                                        Annual Report 2021           3
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




    II.      BUSINESS REVIEW (CONTINUED)

             (1)   Sales of Products (Continued)

                   In addition, the Group carried out online tendering of main products such as Bromhexine
                   Hydrochloride Injection, Metronidazole Injection, Ciprofloxacin Lactate and Sodium Chloride,
                   Linezolid and Glucose Injection, Fluconazole and Sodium Chloride Injection, Medium-chain and
                   Long-chain Triglycerides Lipid Emulsion Injection (C8~24Ve), Terbutaline Sulphate Nebuliser
                   Solution, Lacosamide Tablets and Dexmedetomidine Hydrochloride Injection in over 20 provinces,
                   creating good and accessible conditions to maintain market shares, strengthen its ability for overall
                   development and market penetration of main products and new products, increase sale volume and
                   expand market coverage of products with tenders awarded.

                   The production and sales of infusion solutions was stable with a slight increase, and the proportion
                   of therapeutic products showed healthy growth. Amidst the normality under epidemic, the
                   domestic pharmaceutical market restored a stable supply and demand condition. As the intravenous
                   infusion solution industry has become increasingly concentrated, the Group continued to increase
                   its market shares and remained its leading position in the infusion market. In 2021, the sales
                   volume of infusion solutions reached approximately 1,358 million bottles (bags), representing
                   an increase of approximately 13.8% compared to last year. The revenue of infusion solutions
                   reached approximately HK$3,304 million, representing an increase of approximately 25.3%
                   compared to last year. In particular, the sales volume of key infusion solution products such as
                   Metronidazole, Levofloxacin Lactate, Ciprofloxacin, Moxifloxacin, Sodium Lactate Ringer and
                   Peritoneal Dialysis Solution reached approximately 205.50 million bottles (bags), representing
                   an increase of approximately 22.4% compared to last year. The sales volume of Metronidazole
                   reached approximately 41.45 million bottles (bags), representing an increase of approximately
                   67% as compared to last year. The sales volume of Peritoneal Dialysis Solution products reached
                   approximately 2.15 million bottles (bags), representing an increase of 877% as compared to last
                   year.

                   Ampoule product line has become a powerful boost and new growth driver for the Group’s
                   injection segment as it has become increasingly rich in varieties with its production and sales
                   gradually scaled up. The market expansion of ampoule products including Betahistine Hydrochloride
                   Injection has been accelerated. At the same time, the Group’s products including Ambroxol
                   Hydrochloride, Doxofylline and Ropivacaine Hydrochloride were successively included for National
                   Centralised Medicines Procurement, forming a new growth point for the Group’s ampoule products
                   to achieve rapid breakthrough in scale. Efforts have been made to accelerate the marketing of
                   new ampoule products including Bromhexine Hydrochloride, Terbutaline Sulfate Nebuliser Solution,
                   Dexmedetomidine and Adenosine Cyclophosphate, which have promising market prospect. During
                   the year, the revenue of ampoule products of the Group was approximately HK$1,094 million,
                   representing an increase of approximately 12.6% as compared to last year, which continued to
                   maintain a good growth momentum.




4         SSY Group Limited
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




II.   BUSINESS REVIEW (CONTINUED)

      (1)   Sales of Products (Continued)

            In respect of bulk pharmaceuticals business, the Group achieved continuous improvement in
            sales revenue and substantial increase in sales volume of main products. A number of types
            of products were granted production approvals, and the product mix has become increasingly
            diversified. During the year, the revenue from bulk pharmaceuticals reached approximately
            HK$534 million, representing an increase of 131.9% as compared to last year. The market
            restored growth momentum with substantial increase in prices. After continuous optimisation of
            production process, improvement of quality standard as well as transformation and enhancement
            of environmental protection treatment capacity by the Group, the production capacities of the
            Group were effectively released, and the product advantages such as cost and quality were further
            demonstrated. Caffeine achieved a sales volume of 2,758 tonnes during the year, representing an
            increase of approximately 394% as compared to last year, and its products were sold to various
            markets such as America, Europe and Asia. Azithromycin achieved a sales volume of 223 tonnes,
            representing an increase of approximately 40% as compared to last year.

            With the Group’s continuous efforts in the bulk pharmaceuticals segment, the production
            capacities of major bulk pharmaceuticals including Caffeine, Theophylline, Aminophylline,
            Metronidazole, Nifedipine, Azithromycin and Hydroxyethyl starch have been enhanced and the
            trend of their production and sales was gratifying. New specialised bulk pharmaceuticals, including
            Terbutaline Sulfate (an anti-asthmatic drug), Linezolid Hydrochloride (an anti-bacterial drug),
            Cinacalcet Hydrochloride (the only calcium mimetic approved by the US FDA for use in humans),
            Dexmedetomidine Hydrochloride (providing sedation effect for patients receiving general anesthesia
            surgery), Lurasidone Hydrochloride and Blonanserin (antipsychotic drugs) and Ipratropium Bromide
            (a bronchitis drug), have been granted national production approval, and currently efforts have
            been made to accelerate the progress of industrialisation. Applications for 13 bulk pharmaceuticals,
            including Ornidazole, Levornidazole, Tinidazole, Tedizolid Phosphate, Urapidil Hydrochloride,
            Urapidil, Rosuvastatin Calcium, Safinamide Methansulfonate, Entacapone, Stiripentol, Theobromine,
            Tofacitinib Citrate and Doxofylline (in various fields such as antibacterial, antihypertensive,
            antilipemics, treatment of hypoglycemic and its complications, Parkinson’s disease, asthma
            and psychoneurological), have been completed and were pending for approval. In addition,
            approval applications for a batch of newly-developed and high value-added specialised bulk
            pharmaceuticals, such as Formoterol Fumarate, Etomidate, Vortioxetine Hydrobromide, Benserazide
            Hydrochloride, Nicorandil, Trelagliptin Succinate, Alogliptin Benzoate, Collagen, Epinephrine and
            Gadobutrol Contrast Agents (in various fields such as treatment of asthma, anesthesia, psychiatry,
            cardiovascular and first aid), have been accelerated. New growth drivers for the future development
            of the bulk pharmaceuticals segment were strengthened.

            Solid preparations business segment recorded a steady increase in production and sales. Leveraging
            on tender awarded for National Centralised Medicines Procurement of Cefdinir capsule and
            Prucalopride Succinate tablet, the Group connected closely the commercial chain with the end
            market by stepping up professional promotion and adjusting market layout, so as to promote
            product, channel and personnel penetration and further improve the product accessibility and
            brand penetration. Cefdinir capsule and Rosuvastatin Calcium tablet achieved sales in scale within a
            short period of time, and the market influence expanded to the whole of China, of which Cefdinir
            capsule achieved sales of HK$54.74 million, representing an increase of approximately 150% as
            compared to last year.




                                                                                      Annual Report 2021           5
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




    II.      BUSINESS REVIEW (CONTINUED)

             (1)   Sales of Products (Continued)

                   In respect of medical materials, the Group successfully extended its presence into the bioprocessing
                   film industry. Jiangsu Best New Medical Material Co., Ltd. stepped up efforts to strengthen
                   the product upgrade and technology advancement of major medical materials products such
                   as rubber stoppers, infusion films and bioprocessing films, and enhanced the supporting ability
                   of the leading products for production in downstream production chains, which facilitated
                   the enhancement of its production capacity and market coverage, accumulating strength for
                   enhancement of industrialisation scale and quality in the future. Newly developed multi-layer co-
                   extrusion bioprocessing films for single-use system in liquid dosing has been put into industrial
                   production and achieved sales, which is used to replace those imported bioprocessing films and has
                   broad market development prospects. In addition, the Group also made positive progress with a
                   number of new product development projects including bioprocessing films for cell culture, albumin
                   liquid storage bag films and multi-layer co-extrusion high barrier films, playing an important role in
                   accelerating the product upgrading of the medical materials segment and establishing the leading
                   position of the Group in the production as well as research and development of bioprocessing films
                   in the domestic market.

                   As the export of preparations to foreign countries were limited by multiple factors such as the
                   global pandemic and the surge in international sea freight rates, the export of the Group’s
                   preparations to foreign countries were greatly affected. During the year, revenue from the
                   export of preparations amounted to approximately HK$83.72 million, representing a decrease of
                   approximately 50.3% compared to last year, and sales volume from export of infusion solutions
                   was approximately 53.25 million bottles, representing a decrease of approximately 50.1% as
                   compared to last year. During the year, the Group continued to maintain good relationship with
                   international customers and carry out overseas product registration, adding 5 new countries and 11
                   product registration certificates, actively laying a foundation for future market recovery. Currently,
                   the Group has obtained 322 product registration certificates in almost 100 countries.

             (2)   Research and Development of New Products

                   Upholding the innovation-driven strategy, the Group continuously increased the investments and
                   gradience in technological innovation through the innovative platform integrating production,
                   education, research and application, expedited and improved the progress, efficiency and level
                   of R&D of new products. With the positive result from innovation achievements, the Group’s
                   product portfolio was increasingly enriched and improved, providing a strong driving force for
                   the sustainable development of the Group. In 2021, based on the cooperation with several
                   universities and scientific research institutes, the Group entered into a strategic cooperation
                   agreement with China Pharmaceutical University（中國藥科大學）to improve the level and grade of
                   scientific research and development and accelerate industrialisation of scientific and technological
                   achievements. During the year, the Group joined hands with China Pharmaceutical University,
                   Shenyang Pharmaceutical University, Lanzhou University and Hebei Medical University to establish
                   several internship and practice bases for undergraduate and postgraduate, in an effort to actively
                   build suitable technology talent reserve for the Group.




6         SSY Group Limited
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




II.   BUSINESS REVIEW (CONTINUED)

      (2)   Research and Development of New Products (Continued)

            Taking into account of existing and potential markets, the Group is persistent in pushing forward
            the integrated research and development of innovative drugs and generic drugs as well as the
            consistency evaluation of generic drugs, and made great efforts in implementing the business
            strategy of “bulk pharmaceuticals + preparations”, achieving remarkable innovation results. Due
            to the efforts made by the Group to promote the development of innovative drugs, Type I new
            drug NP-01, the first innovative drug type of the Group, has entered into the research of Phase
            I clinical trial. NP-01 is an innovative anti-tumor drug simultaneously targeting of KDR, Met and
            Axl. Currently, the Group has stepped up efforts to push forward the preliminary research on
            anti-liver fibrosis Type 1 innovative drug ADN-9, anti-epileptic compound QO-83, self-developed
            anti-pulmonary hypertension Type 1 innovative drug and anti-tumor Type 2 chemical innovative
            drug Miriplatin, aiming to apply for clinical trial by the end of 2022. During the year, a total of
            20 national production approvals were obtained, including 7 infusion products approved for
            production namely Ciprofloxacin Lactate and Sodium Chloride Injection, Fluconazole and Sodium
            Chloride Injection, Metronidazole and Sodium Chloride Injection (100ml and 250ml), Levornidazole
            and Sodium Chloride Injection, Linezolid and Glucose Injection and Medium-chain and Long-
            chain Triglycerides Lipid Emulsion Injection (C8~24Ve); 3 types of ampoule namely Bromhexine
            Hydrochloride Injection, Terbutaline Sulfate Nebuliser Solution and Dexmedetomidine Hydrochloride
            Injection; 2 solid preparation products namely Lacosamide Tablets (50mg, 100mg); 2 powder
            injection products namely Azithromycin for Injection (0.25g, 0.5g); and 6 bulk pharmaceutical
            products namely Terbutaline Sulfate, Linezolid, Dexmedetomidine Hydrochloride, Lurasidone
            Hydrochloride, Blonanserin and Ipratropium Bromide. The following products were approved in the
            first three months of 2022: Fluconazole and Sodium Chloride Injection (50ml), Dexmedetomidine
            Hydrochloride Injection (1ml) Moxifloxacin Hydrochloride tablets, Sodium Chloride Injection,
            Moxifloxacin Hydrochloride Eye Drops, Cinacalcet Hydrochloride and Epalrestat raw materials have
            been approved.

            During the year, 63 projects were applied for national production approval by the Group,
            including 39 new types of liquid and solid preparations and 13 bulk pharmaceuticals. In particular,
            Azithromycin Dry Suspension (a specialised type for children with high clinical demand), Stiripentol
            Dry Suspension, Blonanserin tablets (a psychotropic drug) and Pentoxifylline Injection and
            Pentoxifylline sustained-release tablets (cardio-cerebral vascular drugs) were the first of such
            products being submitted under the new type in China, among which Stiripentol Dry Suspension
            and Pentoxifylline Sustained-Release tablets were the only domestic one of its kind being submitted
            for application. Applications for Cefaclor for Suspension for children, Oseltamivir Phosphate for
            Suspension and Valsartan Amlodipine tablet (a compound preparation), etc. were completed. The
            continuous expansion of injection, solid preparation and bulk pharmaceuticals product line will help
            the diversification development of the Group’s product mix.

            Research results of products for passing consistency evaluations was convincing. During the year, 7
            product specifications of the Group, namely Ciprofloxacin Lactate and Sodium Chloride Injection,
            Fluconazole and Sodium Chloride Injection, Metronidazole and Sodium Chloride Injection (100ml
            and 250ml) and Ambroxol Hydrochloride Injection (1ml, 2ml and 4ml), have passed the consistency
            evaluations. In particular, 2 products, namely Ciprofloxacin Lactate and Sodium Chloride Injection
            together with Metronidazole and Sodium Chloride Injection (250ml), were both the first one of
            passing such evaluation in China. From January to March of 2022, there are another 5 products
            which passed the consistency evaluation. Currently, 20 types with 28 product specifications of
            the Group have passed consistency evaluation or have been regarded as passing the consistency
            evaluation, which played a stronger facilitation and stimulation role in consolidating and expanding
            market shares.



                                                                                      Annual Report 2021           7
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




    II.      BUSINESS REVIEW (CONTINUED)

             (2)   Research and Development of New Products (Continued)

                   Combining with fundamental and innovative researches, the protection of intellectual property
                   rights is progressively achieved on the same pace. As of now, the Group has cumulatively applied
                   for 288 patents and received authorisation of 170 patents, including 68 invention patents in China
                   and 5 international invention patents.

             (3)   Development of Projects

                   Acceleration in reform and construction of industry infrastructure projects is essential to the
                   enhancement of production capability of the Group, satisfaction of market demands and
                   optimisation of product mix. The Group took advantage of the favorable opportunity to
                   accelerate the commercialisation process for new products, actively integrated the development of
                   technological transformation projects with business optimisation, intelligent manufacturing, refined
                   management and channel development, constructed and built intelligent factories, enhanced
                   the level of intelligent manufacturing, and realised the cost reduction, efficiency improvement,
                   quality assurance as well as safety and environmental protection in an effective and consistent
                   manner. In 2021, the Group’s industrialisation projects for 15 new products, such as Lyophilized
                   Powder Injection and Emulsion, were included in Thousands of Technological Transformation
                   Projects（千 項 技 改 項 目）in Hebei Province. With the support of preferential policies for the
                   enterprises promulgated by the governments at all levels, efforts have been made to accelerate
                   the implementation process for the major technology improvement projects, which began to show
                   positive results.

                   The bulk pharmaceuticals segment of Hebei Guangxiang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. and Hebei
                   Guolong Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. strived to explore its development potential through technology
                   improvement, and stepped up efforts in production process optimisation, equipment modification
                   and environmental protection upgrade, leading to remarkable improvement in production capacity,
                   environmental protection performance and safety protection level.

                   The construction project of bioprocessing film of Jiangsu Best began as scheduled. The new
                   product, 7-layer bioprocessing barrier films of 1.6 metres width, has been put into trial production
                   by the end of 2021, and samples were provided to customers for testing. Together with the
                   second production line for 7-layer bioprocessing barrier films which is targeted to commence trial
                   production in June 2022, the annual production capacity of bioprocessing films will increase by 20
                   million square metres, thus enhancing the Group’s ability in market supply.

             (4)   Capital Operation

                   In light of the new development and new changes in the capital market as well as the actual needs
                   of the Group to strengthen, expand and optimise its business operation, the Group proactively
                   facilitated the spin-off listing of its medical materials segment and bulk pharmaceuticals segment
                   in China during the year. Currently, application for listing on the National Equities Exchange
                   and Quotations in respect of the medical materials segment has been accepted, and follow-up
                   works are in progress orderly. In addition, in light of the current development of the industry, the
                   Group completed the acquisition of 6.1% of the equity interest in Cisen Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
                   in a timely manner in 2021, which is expected to bring long-term return and new development
                   opportunity for the Group. To ensure stable supply and quality of raw materials for caffeine and
                   to reduce raw material costs cost and create synergistic effects, the Group has acquired as a
                   vertical integration of the whole of the equity interest in Cangzhou Lingang Youyi Chemical Co.,
                   Ltd. (“Youyi Chemical”) in March 2022. The completion of the acquisition provided important
                   supports and guarantees for the enhancement of stable supply for the caffeine production chain,
                   optimisation of production costs and achievement of the goal of an annual production of 7,000
                   tonnes of caffeine.



8         SSY Group Limited
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




III.   PROSPECTS FOR DEVELOPMENT

       Looking ahead in 2022, the economic situation will remain complicated and dynamic amidst the normality
       under global pandemic. Facing the combined pressure arising from external factors that may persist
       and bring various challenges to the Group’s production and operation, the Group will push forward the
       supply-side structural reform. The Group will make effort to promote the dual circulation development
       of domestic and international markets, expand its operation advantages and mitigate the impacts and
       restraints from negative factors, so as to maintain the momentum of a positive cycle for its stable
       development and strive to achieve more solid operating results.

       1.    The Group will make coordinated efforts to improve quality and enhance efficiency of the
             preparation segment by optimizing structure and increasing sales volume. By focusing on its
             core injection business of injections, the Group will further develop its existing market and make
             continuous effort to explore new markets, with an aim to establish a new development landscape.
             In 2022, the Group will make an in-depth and better systematic analysis on the national and
             local centralised procurement policies, seize good opportunity for precise market access with a
             key focus on price, and basically maintain steady price. Capitalizing on the radiation and driving
             effects of the Group Purchasing Organisation Programme, the Group will strive to increase market
             shares and expand the proportion of high value-added products in terms of production and sales
             volume, with an aim to improve its profitability and maintain its leading position in the market.
             Through various means including adjustment of market layout, tendering access and control
             model, the Group will focus to increase the sales volume of major types of therapeutic infusion
             products such as Levofloxacin Lactate, Sodium Bicarbonate, Ambroxol, Tinidazole, Fluconazole
             and Ciprofloxacin, with an aim to further improve the profitability of the infusion segment. In
             2022, the target production and sales volume of infusion products is 1,500 million bottles (bags),
             representing an increase of approximately 10.5% as compared to last year. The Group will further
             expand, strengthen and optimise its ampoule liquid injection business, step up effort to increase
             sales of new ampoule products, and explore the market potential that may exceed RMB100 million
             revenue of ampoule types such as Betahistine Hydrochloride and Bromhexine, continuing to make a
             greater contribution to the development of the Group’s injections segment. The Group will arrange
             its products that have passed the evaluation to participate in the seventh and eighth round of
             National Centralised Medicines Procurement activities. In addition, the Group will proactively push
             forward the industrialisation and marketisation of the solid preparation products that were recently
             approved. Leveraging on the National Centralised Medicines Procurement, the Group will accelerate
             the expansion of production capacity and market shares, with an aim to expand and strengthen
             its solid preparation segment. At the same time, the Group will push forward the promotion
             and usage of bioprocessing films in China, increase its market shares and strive to strengthen its
             industry position and product influence in the field of medical materials, creating good conditions
             for the listing of its medical materials segment.




                                                                                       Annual Report 2021           9
     CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




     III.   PROSPECTS FOR DEVELOPMENT (CONTINUED)

            2.   The Group will seize market opportunities to expand its bulk pharmaceuticals business for
                 capturing market and making a greater contribution to the development of the Group. With the
                 goal of improving capacity utilisation and reducing costs, the Group will strengthen fundamental
                 management works such as technological advancement, safety and environmental protection.
                 We will improve management ability of our team, speed up utilisation of production capacity,
                 and enhance the overall level in terms of scale, modernisation and marketisation of the Group’s
                 bulk pharmaceuticals business. In 2022, production volumes of major products caffeine and
                 Azithromycin are targeted to reach 7,000 tonnes and 450 tonnes, representing a year-on-year
                 increase of approximately 154% and approximately 102%, respectively, and the annual target
                 of Methylamine in the newly acquired company Youyi Chemical is 28,000 tonnes. The significant
                 increase in production output of the above three major bulk pharmaceuticals and intermediate
                 pharmaceuticals products will make substantial contribution to the benefits of the Group in 2022.
                 In the meantime, we will seize the favorable opportunity brought by the recovery of international
                 market demand for caffeine, and continue to secure orders from target customers in America,
                 Europe, South Asia and Southeast Asia, etc. to achieve the expected target sales volume and
                 revenue, in an effort to reach a 100% production to sales ratio and lay a solid foundation for
                 pushing forward the listing of the bulk pharmaceuticals segment on the domestic A-share market.

            3.   By benchmarking with advanced enterprises, the Group will establish innovative system and
                 mechanism that are beneficial for the development of the Group, with an aim to push forward the
                 Group’s research & development and innovative business to a new stage.

                 Firstly, the Group will proactively construct and develop an innovative high-energy ecosystem,
                 explore the advantages of convergence of technology, talents and capital to continuously improve
                 the levels and grades of innovation development. Leveraging on its advantage in cooperation and
                 jointly-built think tank with universities, academicians, scientific research institutes, healthcare
                 institutions and upstream and downstream enterprises of the industry, the Group will push
                 forward the cooperation with national tertiary institutions in innovative drug research for new
                 breakthroughs. In addition, the Group will promote the construction of an industrial ecosystem
                 of organic innovation and cooperation, empower continuously the Group’s innovation ability and
                 efficiency of research and development business, and enhance the effectiveness of corporate
                 innovation and core competitiveness of the Group.

                 Secondly, adhering to the strategy of “combination of generic and innovative drugs”, the Group
                 will make concerted effort to enhance the efficiency in the research and development of its
                 advantageous products in generic drugs, innovative drugs, bulk pharmaceuticals and medical
                 materials, accumulating strength for the sustainable development of the Group. The Group
                 will continue to step up efforts in the research and development of drugs for chronic diseases,
                 circulatory systems, emergency anesthesia drugs, antipyretic and analgesic drugs, new anti-
                 infective drugs, anti-viral drugs and anti-tumor drugs, as well as bulk pharmaceuticals and medical
                 materials, building up innovation advantage to fit in the development of the Group and meet
                 market demand. In 2022, the Group will strive to obtain national production approval for 40
                 products including 22 approvals for liquid preparations, 9 approvals for solid preparations and
                 9 approvals for bulk pharmaceuticals. The Group will strive to make new breakthroughs in the
                 research and development of innovative drugs. The Group will push forward the phase I clinical
                 trial of anti-tumor Type 1 innovative drug NP-01 and strive to apply for phase II clinical trials as
                 soon as possible, and speed up preliminary researches on anti-liver fibrosis Type 1 innovative
                 drug ADN-9, anti-epileptic compound QO-83, self-developed anti-pulmonary hypertension Type
                 1 innovative drug and anti-tumor Type 2 chemical innovative drug Miriplatin, so as to submit the
                 application for registration of clinical trial as soon as possible. Meanwhile, the Group will make in-
                 depth study of the development and technology of bioprocessing films, and accelerate the research
                 and production of market-foresighting multi-layer co-extrusion high barrier films on the basis of
                 improving the existing cell culture bag films and albumin liquid storage bag film product series,
                 forming core advantages in research and development of domestic bioprocessing film production
                 with comprehensive functions, full variety and leading technologies.



10      SSY Group Limited
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




III.   PROSPECTS FOR DEVELOPMENT (CONTINUED)

       4.     The Group will continue to proactively push forward the spin-off listing of its medical materials
              segment and bulk pharmaceuticals segment on the domestic market. At the same time, the
              Group will actively seek opportunities of merger and acquisition as well as investment in the
              pharmaceutical industry. The intensifying market competition and the guidance of national policies
              will trigger more mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical industry. Combining its own
              advantages, the Group will seize the opportunities of merger and acquisition as well as investment
              in order to strengthen its market position and product position so as to increase its return on
              investment.

       Facing the persistent risks and challenges in the post-pandemic era, the pharmaceutical industry will be
       confronted with the greatest changes in this century. Self-developed innovation driven by market demand,
       the integration and collaboration based on controllable supply chain, and the enhanced efficiency
       brought by the trend of digital transformation will become the important drivers for the progress and
       breakthroughs of the overall industry and the Group. While accelerating the optimisation of industrial
       structure, improvement of sales of product and construction progress of infrastructure projects, the Group
       will expedite the progress of spin-off listing of the medical materials segment and bulk pharmaceuticals
       segment, and strive for a win-win situation in the product and capital market.

       As one of the top 100 enterprises in China pharmaceutical industry and the top 30 best industrial
       enterprises with China pharmaceutical research and development product line, the Group will take full
       advantage of the excellent development opportunities arising from the positive changes in the domestic
       pharmaceutical market, the promotion of the construction and development of provincial capitals in
       Hebei Province, and the promotion of supporting the biopharmaceutical industry to make breakthroughs
       in Shijiazhuang and Cangzhou. We will grasp the initiative of development, maintain the resilience and
       vitality of innovative development, and strive for facilitating the quality development of the Group. By
       virtue of the scale, quality, management and brand advantages accumulated in the industry over the years
       and the continuous innovation momentum released by the Group, we firmly believe that we will be able
       to create new high record in terms of production output, sales and profit in 2022, and bring satisfactory
       returns to our investors with a stronger result of development.

       I would like to take this opportunity to express our gratitude to our investors and all staff of the Group for
       their support to the development of the Company.




                                                                                                  Qu Jiguang
                                                                                                   Chairman

Hong Kong, 29 March 2022




                                                                                           Annual Report 2021           11
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     BUSINESS REVIEW

     SSY Group Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”) are principally engaged in the
     research, development, manufacturing and selling of a wide range of pharmaceutical products, which includes
     finished medicines of mainly intravenous infusion solution and ampoule injection to hospitals and distributors,
     bulk pharmaceuticals and medical materials. The Group has manufacturing plants in Hebei Province and Jiangsu
     Province, the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), and sells to customers mainly in the PRC.

     For the year ended 31 December 2021, the review on the Group’s business performance and financial
     performance are contained in the Chairman’s statement under section headed “BUSINESS REVIEW” and in this
     Management Discussion and Analysis under section headed “FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REVIEW” respectively.
     The future development in the Group’s business is discussed in the Chairman’s statement under section headed
     “PROSPECTS FOR DEVELOPMENT”.

     Principal risks and uncertainties

     As a pharmaceutical enterprise selling pharmaceutical products to hospitals and distributors in the PRC, the
     Group considers adverse changes and uncertainties in the pharmaceutical industry environment as well as in the
     government policy regarding pharmaceutical products in the PRC as the Group’s principal risks and uncertainties.

     During year 2021, the Group Purchasing Organisation (the “GPO”) Programme expanded its coverage to more
     cities and more drugs in the PRC. In general, drugs included under the GPO are likely to face price competition.
     Currently, a majority of the Group’s intravenous infusion solution and ampoule injection products are not
     included under the GPO. Nevertheless, the Group has completed consistency evaluations for selected products
     in order to be qualified for the GPO. On the other hand, the Group has committed in product diversification in
     recent years. Higher sales in bulk pharmaceutical products and the introduction of new medical material products
     have significantly improved the product mix of the Group so that the overall impact of the GPO have been
     mitigated. The Group will keep continuous attention on the change of situation and make timely responses.

     Save as the abovementioned principal risks and uncertainties, other risks and uncertainties had been evaluated by
     the Company as set out in the Chairman Statement and note 27 to the financial statement.

     Compliance with laws and regulations

     During the year, the Company was not aware of any non-compliance with any relevant laws and regulations that
     had a significant impact on it.

     Environmental policies and performance

     As a pharmaceutical enterprise, the Group recognizes the importance of environmental sustainability and green
     manufacturing. The Group has set out policies to ensure its production to be in compliance with environmental
     requirements under the GMP standard and other relevant laws and regulations. For operating practices, the
     Group persistently adopted measures with low energy consumption and low pollution level, and encouraged its
     employees to put relevant environmental factors into consideration from time to time. Moreover, the Group had
     provided a green and eco-friendly working environment for its employees. Please refer details of the Group’s
     environmental policies and performance to the respective sections in the Environmental, Social and Governance
     Report.




12     SSY Group Limited
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued)

Relationships with employees, suppliers and customers

The Group believes that employees are valuable assets. The Group provides competitive remuneration package
to employees and is periodically reviewed with reference to industry practice. Apart from social insurance and in-
house training programmes, other kinds of remuneration such as discretionary bonuses, share options and grant
of shares may be awarded to employees according to the assessment of individual performance.

The Group also understands that it is important to maintain good relationship with its suppliers and customers to
fulfil its immediate and long-term goals. The Group has been working continuously with its suppliers to improve
the standard of raw materials, and aiming at delivering products with high quality to its customers. During the
year, there was no material and significant dispute between the Group and its suppliers and/or customers.

Please refer details of the Group’s relationships with employees, suppliers and customers to the respective
sections in the Environmental, Social and Governance Report.

Acquisition of an associate

On 29 July 2021, the Group entered into an acquisition agreement to purchase 27,661,441 shares (representing
6.1015% of its equity interest as at 29 July 2021) of Cisen Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.（辰欣藥業股份有限公司）,
a company established under the laws of the PRC and the shares of which are listed on the Shanghai Stock
Exchange (stock code: 603367), at the total consideration of approximately RMB354 million (i.e. RMB12.80
per share). Please refer to the Company’s announcement dated 29 July 2021 for details of the acquisition.
Cisen Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries (the “Cisen Pharmaceutical”) are principally engaged in the
business of research and development, production and sales of pharmaceuticals of mainly chemical preparations,
with five major dosage forms among its products: large-volume injections (including non-PVC soft bags, plastic
bottles, upright soft bags, glass bottles), freeze-dried powder injections, small-volume injections, tablets form
and capsules form. Having considered the business model, financial performance and competitive advantages
of the Cisen Pharmaceutical, the Group was optimistic towards the prospects and development of the Cisen
Pharmaceutical and was positive about the long term returns from the investment in the Cisen Pharmaceutical.
The Group considers that it was a good time to utilize its available capital for investment so as to generate
returns in fulfilling its investment objective through the acquisition. During the year ended 31 December 2021,
Cisen Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. was recognized as an investment in associate over which the Group has significant
influence, and the Group’s share of the Cisen Pharmaceutical’s profits was approximately HK$5,426,000.




                                                                                        Annual Report 2021           13
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REVIEW

     Revenue

                                                   2021                           2020
                                                          Percentage                     Percentage        Increase/
                                              Sales          of sales         Sales         of sales     (Decrease)
                                            HK$’000                %       HK$’000                %               %

     Intravenous infusion solution
        and others                         5,179,586            96.7      4,141,579            97.2            25.1
       (Including: Non-PVC soft bag &
                     upright soft bag
                     infusion solution     2,312,295            43.2      1,696,131            39.8            36.3
                   PP plastic bottle
                     infusion solution       764,057            14.2        696,861            16.4             9.6
                   Glass bottle infusion
                     solution                228,013             4.3        244,003             5.7           (6.6)
                   Ampoule injection       1,093,615            20.4        971,508            22.8           12.6
                   Bulk pharmaceuticals      533,860            10.0        230,217             5.4          131.9
                   Others)                   247,746             4.6        302,859             7.1          (18.2)

     Medical materials                       177,177              3.3       119,319             2.8            48.5

     Total                                 5,356,763             100      4,260,898             100            25.7

     The Group’s intravenous infusion solution products and ampoule injection products are mainly manufactured and
     sold by Shijiazhuang No. 4 Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Shijiazhuang No. 4 Pharma”), a wholly-owned subsidiary.
     There are different forms of packing in intravenous infusion solution products, including Non-PVC Soft Bag,
     Upright Soft Bag, PP Plastic Bottle and Glass Bottle, while ampoule injection products are mainly small liquid
     injections in forms of glass and PP plastic. The Group’s bulk pharmaceuticals products are mainly manufactured
     and sold by Hebei Guolong Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Hebei Guolong”) and Hebei Guangxiang Pharmaceutical
     Co., Ltd. (“Hebei Guangxiang”), both subsidiaries in the Group. The Group’s medical materials are mainly
     manufactured and sold by Jiangsu Best New Medical Material Co., Ltd. (“Jiangsu Best”), a wholly-owned
     subsidiary in the Group.

     Majority of the Group’s sales are conducted in the PRC. During the year 2021, as the novel coronavirus epidemic
     has been under control in the PRC, the pharmaceutical market has been showing signs of recovery from last year.
     In terms of Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”), revenue of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021 increased
     by 25.7% to HK$5,356,763,000 (2020: HK$4,260,898,000) on a year-to-year basis. Among which, revenue
     from intravenous infusion solution accounted for HK$3,304,365,000 (2020: HK$2,636,995,000), representing
     an increase of 25.3% on a year-to-year basis. Among which, revenue from Non-PVC Soft Bag and Upright Soft
     Bag infusion solution were HK$1,724,474,000 and HK$587,821,000 respectively, totalling HK$2,312,295,000,
     representing 70.0% of the total revenue from intravenous infusion solution and an increase of 36.3% as
     compared with last year; revenue from PP Plastic Bottle infusion solution was HK$764,057,000, representing
     23.1% of the total revenue from intravenous infusion solution and an increase of 9.6% as compared with last
     year; revenue from Glass Bottle infusion solution was HK$228,013,000, representing 6.9% of the total revenue
     from intravenous infusion solution and a decrease of 6.6% as compared with last year.




14     SSY Group Limited
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REVIEW (Continued)

Revenue (Continued)

On the other hand, the Group has put a lot of effort in product diversification. The Group has been promoting
high-end ampoule injections products in view of its high growth potential, as a result, revenue from ampoule
injections accounted for HK$1,093,615,000 (2020: HK$971,508,000), representing an increase of 12.6% on a
year-to-year basis.

Revenue from bulk pharmaceuticals accounted for HK$533,860,000 (2020: HK$230,217,000), representing
a significant growth of 131.9% as compared with last year mainly due to a recovery growth of market
demand for bulk pharmaceuticals and an increase in the utilization in the Group’s production capacity in bulk
pharmaceuticals.

The Group will keep focusing its production in high quality intravenous infusion solution products such as Non-
PVC Soft Bag infusion solution and therapeutic infusion solution. The Group will also keep expanding its market
in ampoule injections, bulk pharmaceuticals, oral preparations and new medical material products to drive
revenue growth.

Revenue from medical materials products contributed HK$177,177,000 (2020: HK$119,319,000) to the Group,
representing an increase of 48.5% as compared with last year mainly due to market recovery from last year.

Cost of Sales

During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group has adopted various cost control measures such as
production process optimization, equipment modification and energy conservation. Nevertheless, due to
increase in sales volume and under a general trend of rising costs in production, the Group’s cost of sales
increased by 40.8% to HK$2,186,517,000 for the year ended 31 December 2021 as compared to last year of
HK$1,552,523,000. The cost of direct materials, direct labour and other costs represented approximately 57.4%,
14.4% and 28.2% of the total cost of sales respectively for the year ended 31 December 2021 while their
comparative percentages for 2020 were 54.9%, 16.5% and 28.6% respectively.

Gross Profit Margin

For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group recorded a total gross profit of HK$3,170,246,000 (2020:
HK$2,708,375,000). Overall gross profit margin decreased by 4.4 percentage point to 59.2% from that of last
year 63.6%, which was mainly due to a general trend of rising costs in production and an increased proportion
of revenue from bulk pharmaceuticals which had a lower gross profit margin as compared to finished medicines.

Other Income

For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group’s other income increased to HK$84,291,000 (2020:
HK$71,717,000) which mainly represented government grants.

Selling and Distribution Costs

For the year ended 31 December 2021, selling and distribution costs amounted to approximately
HK$1,707,028,000 (2020: HK$1,613,294,000), which was mainly consisted of advertising, marketing and
promotion expenses of HK$1,102,221,000 (2020: HK$1,131,496,000), transportation cost of approximately
HK$436,043,000 (2020: HK$360,235,000), as well as salary expenses for sales and marketing staff of
approximately HK$71,614,000 (2020: HK$63,853,000).

Selling and distribution costs increased by 5.8% for the year ended 31 December 2021 as compared with last
year due to increase in sales volume as compared to the year 2020. Such increase was lower than revenue
growth as compared with last year because of (i) an increased proportion of revenue from bulk pharmaceuticals
which had a lower level of selling costs as compared to finished medicines and (ii) a lower level of promotion
expenses of finished medicines.




                                                                                      Annual Report 2021          15
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REVIEW (Continued)

     General and Administrative Expenses

     For the year ended 31 December 2021, general and administrative expenses was approximately HK$309,941,000
     (2020: HK$281,339,000) which mainly comprised salaries expenses for administrative staff of approximately
     HK$155,119,000 (including a one-off non-cash expense arising from grant of share options to administrative
     management staff of approximately HK$28,161,000) as well as depreciation and amortisation (other than
     research and development) expenses of approximately HK$93,344,000.

     The increase of 10.2% in general and administrative expenses in year 2021 as compared to that of year 2020
     was mainly caused by the one-off expense from grant of share options during the year ended 31 December 2021
     whereas there was no grant of share options during the year 2020.

     Research and Development Cost

     For the year ended 31 December 2021, research and development costs amounted to HK$247,992,000 (2020:
     HK$126,901,000), which comprised salaries expenses for research and development staff of approximately
     HK$122,858,000 as well as depreciation and amortisation expenses of approximately HK$39,224,000.

     Research and development cost increased significantly by 95.4% for the year ended 31 December 2021 as
     compared with last year. Undergoing the process of enterprise transformation and product diversification,
     the Group expanded and expedited the research and development of new products in drug preparations,
     bulk pharmaceuticals as well as medical materials. Furthermore, a one-off non-cash expense arising from
     grant of share options to R&D management staff during the year ended 31 December 2021 of approximately
     HK$36,878,000 (2020: nil) has resulted in the increase in research and development costs.

     Profit from Operations

     For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group’s profit from operations amounted to HK$988,085,000,
     representing an increase of 30.2% as compared to HK$758,882,000 in year 2020. The operating profit margin
     (defined as operating profit divided by total revenue) increased to 18.4% as compared to 17.8% in year 2020.

     Finance Costs – Net

     The Group’s net finance costs, costs, which represented mainly interest expenses of bank borrowings and foreign
     exchange loss less interest income on bank deposits, increased by 34.0% to HK$45,114,000 for the year ended
     31 December 2021 (2020: HK$33,667,000) mainly due to a higher level of the Group’s bank borrowings.

     Income Tax Expense

     The Group believes that Shijiazhuang No. 4 Pharma, Jiangsu Best, Hebei Guangxiang, Hebei Guolong and Hebei
     Hanlin Biotechnology Co., Ltd. have been certified as High and New Technology Enterprises and thus subject to
     a reduced corporate income tax of 15% in the PRC for year 2021. For the year ended 31 December 2021, the
     income tax expense of the Group increased by 40.0% to HK$160,104,000 (2020: HK$114,396,000) mainly due
     to a higher profit before taxation of the Group.




16     SSY Group Limited
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REVIEW (Continued)

Profit Attributable to Equity Shareholders

For the year ended 31 December 2021, profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company increased by
28.4% to HK$785,533,000 (2020: HK$611,971,000), with net profit margin (defined as profit attributable to
equity shareholders of the Company divided by total revenue) increased from 14.4% last year to 14.7% this year.

Dividends

For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Board recommended a final dividend of HK$0.07 per share (2020:
HK$0.05 per share) which, together with the interim dividend of HK$0.05 per share (2020: HK$0.05 per share),
will result in total dividends of HK$0.12 per share for the year ended 31 December 2021 (2020: HK$0.10 per
share).

LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL RESOURCES AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE

The Group primarily finances its working capital and other capital requirements by net cash generated from
operating activities and resorts to external financing including both long-term and short-term bank borrowings
from time to time in case the projected operating cash flow is insufficient to meet the capital requirements.

As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents increased to HK$1,661,736,000 (31 December
2020: HK$1,445,905,000), mostly were denominated in Renminbi (“RMB”).

A s a t 31 D e c e m b e r 2021, t h e G r o u p ’ s b a n k b o r r o w i n g s a m o u n t e d t o H K $3,103,195,000 (2020:
HK$2,427,072,000), comprising HK$1,700,772,000 (2020: HK$1,082,411,000) of borrowings denominated in
RMB and HK$1,402,423,000 (2020: HK$1,344,661,000) in Hong Kong dollars. As at 31 December 2021, all of
the Group’s bank borrowings were repayable within 5 years, mostly bearing interest at variable rates. Please refer
to note 20 to the financial statements for details of repayment, security and fulfilment of covenants.

Gearing ratio (defined as bank borrowings and lease liabilities less cash and cash equivalents divided by total
capital less non-controlling interests) increased from 14.9% as at 31 December 2020 to 18.9% as at 31
December 2021 mainly due to a higher level of the Group’s bank borrowings. Current ratio (defined as current
assets divided by current liabilities) further improved from 2.01 as at 31 December 2020 to 2.04 as at 31
December 2021.

As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s total capital commitments outstanding but not provided for was
HK$589,477,000 (31 December 2020: HK$477,237,000).

Overall, the Group continued to maintain a sound liquidity position, a sufficient working capital level and a low-
risk capital structure in view of the Group’s operation needs and capital commitments.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2021             17
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY

     As at 31 December 2021, the Group had approximately 4,800 employees (2020: 4,700 employees), most
     of whom were based in the PRC. The remuneration policy of employees other than executive Directors and
     senior management is based on industry practice and is periodically reviewed by executive Directors or senior
     management. Apart from social insurance and in-house training programmes, other kinds of remuneration
     such as discretionary bonuses, share options under the Share Option Scheme and shares granted under the
     Restricted Share Award Scheme may be awarded to eligible employees according to the assessment of individual
     performance. Please refer details of the Share Option Scheme and the Restricted Share Award Scheme to the
     respective sections in the Report of the Directors. Please refer details of the remuneration policy of executive
     Directors and senior management to the section headed “REMUNERATION COMMITTEE” in the Corporate
     Governance Report.

     The total remuneration cost incurred by the Group for year ended 31 December 2021 was approximately
     HK$663,929,000 (2020: HK$469,423,000) including a one-off non-cash expense of HK$67,050,000 (2020: nil)
     arising from grant of share options to management staff of the Group.

     CHARGE ON ASSETS

     As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s right-of-use assets of HK$54,746,000 (2020: HK$54,347,000) were
     pledged as collateral for the Group’s certain bank borrowings.

     FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISK

     Majority of the Group’s businesses are operated in the PRC and are denominated in RMB. Except for the foreign
     currency translation risk arising from the translation into Hong Kong dollars for the financial statements of
     subsidiaries with the functional currencies of RMB, the Group does not expect any materially adverse effects
     of the exchange rate fluctuation. Hence, no financial instrument for hedging was employed. Nevertheless, the
     Group is closely monitoring the financial market and would consider appropriate measures if required.

     As at the dates below, the exchange rates of converting HK$ into RMB (as calculated in HK$) were:

     1 January 2020                                  0.89578
     31 December 2020                                0.84164
     31 December 2021                                0.81760

     MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS

     Saved as disclosed above under the heading “Acquisition of an associate”, there was no material acquisition or
     disposal of subsidiary or associate for the year ended 31 December 2021.

     CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

     As at 31 December 2021, the Group did not have any significant contingent liabilities.




18     SSY Group Limited
BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




DIRECTORS

Executive directors

Mr. Qu Jiguang（曲繼廣先生）, aged 67, an executive director and the chairman of the Board of the Company.
Mr. Qu is responsible for the strategic planning, business development and overall management of the
Group. Mr. Qu is also the chief executive officer of the Company who is responsible to lead the management
implementing the business strategies of the Group. Mr. Qu joined Shijiazhuang No. 1 Pharmaceutical Factory
(“No. 1 Pharma”) as deputy factory manager in 1995. He later became a director and the vice general manager
of Shijiazhuang Pharmaceutical Group. From December 2004, Mr. Qu has been the chairman of New Orient
Investments Pharmaceutical Holding (Hong Kong) Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (“New
Orient”), the chairman of China Pharmaceutical Company Limited, a controlling shareholder of the Company
(“CPCL”) and the chairman of CMP Group Limited (“CMP”). Mr. Qu was an independent non-executive Director
of the Company and was an executive director of China Pharmaceutical Group Limited, a company listed on The
Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”), from February 2001 to September 2004. Mr. Qu
graduated from Tianjin Finance College with a postgraduate degree in Finance in 1999. He is also an economist
accredited by The Ministry of Personnel of China. Mr. Qu has over 30 years of experience in pharmaceutical
industry. He has key roles in China Pharmaceutical Industry Association（中國化學製藥協會）, Hebei Provincial
Association of Enterprise（河北省企業聯合會）and Hebei Pharmaceutical Industry Association（河北省醫藥行業協
會）.

Mr. Su Xuejun（蘇學軍先生）, aged 54, an executive director. Mr. Su is currently the chairman of the Board of
Shijiazhuang No. 4 Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Shijiazhuang No. 4 Pharma”), the Company’s indirectly wholly-
owned subsidiary. Mr. Su focuses in the pharmaceutical market development, operations and management.
He has extensive understanding and experience in sales and marketing as well as the policy in pharmaceutical
related industries. Mr. Su joined No.1 Pharma as assistant to factory manager in 1990. And afterwards he served
as deputy general manager of a subsidiary of the Shijiazhuang Pharmaceutical Group selling preparations,
deputy general manager of Shijiazhuang No.4 Pharma and general manager of Shijiazhuang No.4 Pharma. Since
January 2007, Mr. Su acts as executive director of Shijiazhuang No.4 Pharma and New Orient. He is currently a
Representative of the 13th People’s Congress of Hebei Province（河北省第十三屆人民代表大會代表）. Mr. Su
graduated from Hebei Normal University, majoring in biology, with a bachelor’s degree.

Mr. Meng Guo（孟國先生）, aged 48, an executive director. Mr. Meng is currently the deputy general manager
of the Company, a director of New Orient and Shijiazhuang No. 4 Pharma and Hebei Guolong Pharmaceutical
Co., Ltd, all being wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company, and the executive president in charge of finance
and information-based operations of Shijiazhuang No. 4. After joining Shijiazhuang No. 4 Pharma in year 2001,
Mr. Meng held the positions of deputy head and manager of the finance department of Shijiazhuang No. 4
Pharma, and has over 20 years of experience in corporate finance, tax and information technology management.
Mr. Meng has consistently participated in investors’ relations duties of the Company. Mr. Meng holds a
Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics from Lanzhou University and a Master’s degree in Software Engineering from
Beijing University of Technology. He also holds the qualification of senior accountant in the People’s Republic of
China.

Mr. Chow Hing Yeung（周 興 揚 先 生）, aged 43, an executive director. Mr. Chow is currently the Chief
Financial Officer and Company Secretary of the Company. Mr. Chow obtained a Bachelor’s degree of Business
Administration from the Chinese University of Hong Kong. Before joining the Company in August 2011, he
worked in PricewaterhouseCoopers and financial department of listed companies in Hong Kong, and has around
20 years of experience in audit, accounting and financial management. Mr. Chow has consistently participated
in investors’ relations duties of the Company. He is a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants.




                                                                                        Annual Report 2021           19
     BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




     DIRECTORS (Continued)
     Non-executive director
     Mr. Feng Hao (馮昊先生) aged 41, a non-executive Director. Mr. Feng currently serves as a deputy general
     manager and the secretary to the board of directors of Sichuan Kelun Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Sichuan
     Kelun”). Mr. Feng has a Master’s degree; was a teacher at the School of Economics at Huazhong University
     of Science and Technology; an analyst at the Actuarial Division of Taiping Life Insurance Company Limited; an
     actuarial advisory consultant at Watson Wyatt Consultancy (Shanghai) Ltd.; a senior manager at the investment
     banking division of Ping An Securities Limited; and a business director at the investment banking division of
     Sinolink Securities Co. Ltd. Since April 2014, Mr. Feng has been a senior management of Sichuan Kelun.
     Independent non-executive directors
     Mr. Wang Yibing（王 亦 兵 先 生）, aged 59, an independent non-executive Director. Mr. Wang graduated
     from Shenyang Pharmaceutical University, majored in pharmacy（瀋陽藥科大學藥學）. Mr. Wang joined Heibei
     Provincial Pharmaceutical Research Centre（河北省藥物研究所）in July 1983 and became supervisor in research
     centre of pharmacodynamics, research centre of preparations, the pharmaceutical factory and scientific research
     management centre successively. In 1991, Mr. Wang joined the General Economics Division of Hebei Provincial
     Administration of Medicine（河北省醫藥管理局綜合經濟處）as vice supervisor and was promoted to supervisor
     and the deputy director successively. From April 2000 to July 2005, he was the Director of Division of Drug
     Registration and Division of Drug Safety and Inspection of Hebei Food and Drug Administration（河北省食品藥
     品監督管理局藥品註冊處，藥品安全監管處）. Mr. Wang possesses over 30 years’ experience in pharmaceutical
     research, production and industry regulation, is familiar with pharmaceutical laws and regulations and drug
     inspection procedures. He has profound exposure in the areas of pharmaceutical research, production, circulation
     and application, while comprehends and provides insights into the overall situation and trend of development of
     the pharmaceutical industry at both the provincial and state levels.
     Mr. Leung Chong Shun（梁創順先生）, aged 56, an independent non-executive Director. Mr. Leung is also an
     independent non-executive director of China Coal Energy Company Limited (Stock code: 1898), China Medical
     System Holdings Limited (Stock code: 867) and Min Xin Holdings Limited (Stock Code: 222), companies listed
     on the Stock Exchange. He served as an independent non-executive director of China Metal Recycling (Holdings)
     Limited (Stock code: 773) from May 2009 to August 2013, China Communications Construction Company
     Limited (Stock Code: 1800) from January 2011 to November 2017 and China National Materials Company
     Limited (Stock code: 1893) from July 2007 to May 2018. Mr. Leung graduated from the University of Hong Kong
     with a Bachelor of Laws degree in 1988 and obtained the Postgraduate Certificate in Laws in 1989. Mr. Leung
     was qualified as a solicitor in Hong Kong in 1991 and England & Wales in 1994. He has been a partner of Woo
     Kwan Lee & Lo, a law firm in Hong Kong, since 1997 and is experienced in corporate finance. Mr. Leung is
     currently a China-Appointed Attesting Officer appointed by the Ministry of Justice of the PRC.
     Mr. Chow Kwok Wai（周國偉先生）, aged 55, an independent non-executive Director. Mr. Chow is currently a
     non-executive director of Cinda International Holdings Limited (stock code: 111), a company listed on the Stock
     Exchange. He served as an executive director of Silver Grant International Holdings Group Limited (stock code:
     171) from April 2004 to December 2012 and an independent non-executive director of Youyuan International
     Holdings Limited (stock code: 2268) (“Youyuan”), a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited
     liability, from May 2010 to October 2019. Youyuan and its subsidiaries are principally engaged in manufacturing
     and trading of wrapping tissue paper, wall paper products, copy paper and other products. On 4 October
     2019, The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited filed a winding-up petition against Youyuan
     in Hong Kong. Joint and several provisional liquidators of Youyuan were appointed on 18 October 2019.
     Mr. Chow confirmed that he was not involved in the incidents giving rise to Youyuan’s winding-up petition
     and, so far as he is aware, there was no wrongful act on his part leading to the petition. To Mr. Chow’s
     understanding after enquiries, the amount involved under the petition appears to be around HK$2.6 billion.
     The listing of Youyuan’s shares was cancelled with effect from 22 March 2021 under Listing Rule 6.01A.
     For the avoidance of doubt, Youyuan’s winding-up petition and cancellation of listing are not related to
     SSY Group Limited and its subsidiaries. Mr. Chow has worked in Price Waterhouse, which is now known as
     PriceWaterhouseCoopers, and has accumulated valuable audit experience there. Mr. Chow has nearly 30 years of
     experience in accounting, financial management and corporate finance. Mr. Chow received his bachelor degree
     in Social Sciences from the University of Hong Kong in 1990. Mr. Chow is a Fellow member of the Association of
     Chartered Certified Accountants and a Fellow CPA of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.
     He is also a Chartered Tax Adviser and a Fellow member of the Taxation Institute of Hong Kong.



20     SSY Group Limited
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The board of directors (the “Board”) of SSY Group Limited (the “Company”) is pleased to present this corporate
governance report for the year ended 31 December 2021 (the “Corporate Governance Report”).

The Board is committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance. The Board believes that good
corporate governance practices are essential for the growth of the Group and for safeguarding and maximizing
shareholders’ interests. The Board reviews its corporate governance practices from time to time in order to meet
the stakeholders’ expectations and comply with the latest regulatory requirements, and to fulfill its commitment
to a high standard of corporate governance.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

The Company has complied with all applicable code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG
Code”) contained in Appendix 14 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong
Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”) throughout the year ended 31 December 2021, except for the deviation from
code provision C.2.1 of the CG code as follows:

Under code provision C.2.1, the roles of chairman and chief executive should be separate and should not
be performed by the same individual. Mr. Qu Jiguang has been appointed as the chairman of the Board,
who has the principal role of providing the leadership for and effective running of the Board. In view of the
present composition of the Board and the in-depth knowledge of Mr. Qu Jiguang in the Company’s operations
and pharmaceutical industry, Mr. Qu Jiguang has also assumed the role as the chief executive officer of the
Company, who was delegated with the responsibilities to lead the management implementing the business
strategies of the Group. The Board believes that it is in the best interest of the Company to vest both roles in Mr.
Qu Jiguang, which allows for more effective planning and execution of business strategies. As all major decisions
are made in consultation with members of the Board, the Company believes that there is adequate balance of
power and authority in place.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

As at 31 December 2021, the Board comprises four executive Directors, namely, Mr. Qu Jiguang (Chairman), Mr.
Su Xuejun, Mr. Meng Guo and Mr. Chow Hing Yeung, one non-executive Director, namely Mr. Feng Hao and
three independent non- executive Directors, namely, Mr. Wang Yibing, Mr. Leung Chong Shun and Mr. Chow
Kwok Wai (the “Directors”).

The Board is responsible for leadership and control of the Company and oversees the Group’s businesses,
strategic direction and performance. All policy matters of the Group, material transactions or transactions where
there is conflict of interests are reserved for the Board’s decisions. The Board is also responsible for reviewing
and monitoring the training and continuous professional development of directors and senior management,
the policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements of the Company, the code of
conduct applicable to employees and the Directors, the Company’s compliance with the CG code as well as the
Company’s disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report.

The Board appointed Mr. Qu Jiguang as the Chairman, who has the principal role of providing the leadership
for and effective running of the Board. Other roles and responsibilities of the Chairman include approving
the agenda of board meetings, ensuring all Directors are properly briefed on issues arising at board meetings
and have received information which is adequate, accurate and complete in a timely manner, ensuring good
corporate governance and effective shareholder communication practices and procedures, encouraging all
Directors to make full and active contributions to the Board’s affairs as well as promoting a culture of openness
for contribution by non-executive Directors.




                                                                                          Annual Report 2021           21
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

     The Board has delegated the day-to-day responsibility for the management of the Group’s business to the
     management. The Board has given clear directions as to the powers of management, in particular, with respect
     to the circumstances where management should report back and obtain prior approval from the Board before
     making decisions or entering into any commitments on behalf of the Company. As explained above under the
     heading “CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES”, Mr. Qu Jiguang, the Chairman of the Board, also assumed
     the role as the chief executive officer of the Company who was delegated with the responsibilities to lead the
     management implementing the business strategies of the Group.

     In addition, the Board has also delegated various responsibilities to the Nomination Committee, the
     Remuneration Committee and the Audit Committee of the Company (the “Board Committees”). Further details
     of the Board Committees, among others, their roles and functions are set out in the later parts of this report. The
     Company reviews the appropriateness of these delegation arrangements periodically in view of the Company’s
     needs.

     The Directors are considered to have a balance of skill and experience appropriate for the requirements of the
     business of the Company and have devoted sufficient time and make contributions to the Company based on
     their roles and responsibilities, details of the Directors are shown under the section headed “Biographical Details
     of Directors and Senior Management”. There are sufficient numbers of independent non-executive Directors in
     the Company, among which, Mr. Chow Kwok Wai is a certified public accountant and Mr. Leung Chong Shun is
     a qualified solicitor in Hong Kong.

     The Company has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors an annual confirmation of his
     independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and considers each of them to be independent.

     Appropriate directors’ and officers’ liability insurance has been arranged for the Directors and Officers of the
     Company.

     There are no financial, business, family and other material or relevant relationships among members of the
     Board.




22     SSY Group Limited
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

During the year ended 31 December 2021, a total of five board meetings, one annual general meeting (“AGM”)
and one extraordinary general meeting (“EGM”) were held and the attendance of each Director was in the table
below. All the independent non-executive Directors, being the chairmen of the Board Committees, and the non-
executive Director have attended the general meetings held during the year.

                                                                 Number of meetings attended/
                                                               held within Director’s service period
Name of Director                                      Board meetings                  AGM                  EGM

Executive Directors
Mr. Qu Jiguang (Chairman)                                           5/5                 1/1                 1/1
Mr. Su Xuejun                                                       5/5                 0/1                 0/1
Mr. Meng Guo (appointed on 27 August 2021)                          2/2                 0/0                 0/0
Mr. Chow Hing Yeung
  (appointed on 27 August 2021)                                     2/2                 0/0                 0/0
Mr. Wang Xianjun (resigned on 27 August 2021)                       2/3                 1/1                 1/1

Non-executive Director
Mr. Feng Hao                                                        5/5                 1/1                 1/1

Independent non-executive Directors
Mr. Wang Yibing                                                     5/5                 1/1                 1/1
Mr. Leung Chong Shun                                                5/5                 1/1                 1/1
Mr. Chow Kwok Wai                                                   5/5                 1/1                 1/1

During the year, Mr. Qu Jiguang, the Chairman of the Board, held one meeting with all independent non-
executive Directors without the presence of other directors.

The Company ensures that all Directors are participating in board proceedings in a meaningful and effective
manner. Notice of at least 14 days are served to all Directors of a regular board meeting. For all other board
meetings and committee meetings, reasonable notice is generally given. Agendas and accompanying board
papers and related materials are normally sent to all Directors at reasonable time before the intended date
of meetings to enable them to make informed decisions and perform their duties. All Directors are given the
opportunity to contact the Company Secretary to include matters in the agenda for regular board meeting, and
have separate and independent access to the senior management of the Company whenever necessary.

Minutes of board meetings and meetings of board committees (i.e. Nomination Committee, Remuneration
Committee and Audit Committee) of the Company were kept by Company Secretary and such minutes are
open for inspection at reasonable time and on reasonable notice by any Director. Such minutes were recorded
in sufficient detail the matters considered by the board and decisions reached. Draft and final versions of such
minutes were sent to all directors for their comment and record respectively within a reasonable time after the
board meeting was held.

All directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary with a view to ensuring that board
procedures, and all applicable rules and regulations, are followed. The Company has a procedure to enable the
Directors, upon reasonable request, to seek independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the
Company’s expense.




                                                                                       Annual Report 2021          23
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

     If a substantial shareholder or a Director has a conflict of interest in a matter to be considered by the Board
     which the Board has determined to be material, the matter shall be discussed by a physical board meeting
     rather than a written resolution. Independent non-executive Directors who, and whose close associates, have no
     material interest in the transaction shall be present at such Board meeting.

     NOMINATION, APPOINTMENTS AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS

     The appointment and re-election of Directors shall be made in accordance with the Company’s Articles of
     Association and other applicable rules and regulations, including but not limited to the Listing Rules. In addition,
     the Company has established a nomination policy with the objectives of setting out the key selection criteria,
     principles and procedures of appointments and re-election of directors. The factors used as reference by the
     Nomination Committee in assessing the suitability of a proposed candidate includes reputation for integrity,
     skills and knowledge, experience in pharmaceutical industry, commitment in respect of available time as well
     as age, culture, ethnicity and gender diversity of the Board. The candidate to be nominated as an independent
     non-executive Director must satisfy the independence criteria set out in the Listing Rules. Where applicable, the
     totality of the candidate’s education, qualifications and experience shall also be evaluated for filling the office
     of an independent non-executive Director. All these criteria are for reference only and are not meant to be
     exhaustive or decisive, and the Board shall take into consideration the board diversity policy of the Company
     when selecting Board candidates. The Nomination Committee will monitor the implementation of and from time
     to time review the nomination policy, as appropriate, to ensure the effectiveness of it.

     Regarding nomination procedures, the Company Secretary shall call a meeting of the Nomination Committee,
     and invite nominations of candidates from Board members if any, for consideration by the Nomination
     Committee. The Nomination Committee may also put forward candidates who are not nominated by
     Board members. After the Nomination Committee makes its recommendations to the Board, the Board
     has the authority on approving the nomination of the candidate and the appointment of Directors. Details
     of the candidate including the names, brief biographies (including qualifications and relevant experience),
     independence, proposed remuneration and any other information should be provided for consideration by the
     Nomination Committee, the Board and/or the shareholders in the general meeting. For shareholders’ nomination
     of any proposed person for election as a Director, shareholders should lodge a notice with the Company
     proposing a person for election as a Director at a general meeting and please refer its procedures to the section
     headed “Shareholders’ Rights” in this report.

     Subject to the requirement of retirement from office by rotation pursuant to the Articles of Association of the
     Company as set out in the next paragraph, each of non-executive Director and independent non-executive
     Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company for a term of three years, and executive Directors
     has entered into a service contract with the Company for a specific term (usually three years) which may be
     extended as each Director and the Company may agree. Key terms and conditions of the Director’s appointment
     are set out in the service contract or formal letter of appointment for the Director.

     At each annual general meeting, one-third of the Directors (including non-executive Director and independent
     non-executive Directors) for the time being (or, if their number is not a multiple of three, the number nearest
     to but not less than one-third) shall retire from office by rotation provided that each Director shall be subject
     to retirement at least once every three years. Also, the Directors appointed as an addition to the Board shall be
     subject to re-election by the shareholders at the first general meeting after their appointment.




24     SSY Group Limited
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




NOMINATION, APPOINTMENTS AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

During the year ended 31 December 2021, a Nomination Committee meeting and a Board meeting were held in
resolving the appointment of Mr. Meng Guo and Mr. Chow Hing Yeung as executive Directors with effect from
27 August 2021. Mr. Meng Guo and Mr. Chow Hing Yeung will be subject to re-election by the shareholders at
the forthcoming general meeting.

As at 31 December 2021 and up to date of this Corporate Governance Report, all the independent non-executive
Directors have served more than nine years on the Board. The Board is aware of the requirement effective for
the financial year commencing on or after 1 January 2023 to appoint a new independent non-executive Directors
pursuant to Code Provision B.2.4(b) of the CG Code if all the independent non-executive Directors have served
more than nine years on the Board. The Board will take appropriate actions to address the above and/or make
relevant disclosures as and when appropriate pursuant to the Listing Rules.

TRAINING FOR DIRECTORS

All Directors have participated in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge
and skills. Each year, the Company provided all Directors materials and directors training seminar for updates
on the latest developments regarding corporate governance, the Listing Rules and other applicable regulatory
requirements. The Directors also have opportunities to attend other seminars, conferences or briefings, and
conduct site visits to the operation base of the Group. For newly appointed directors, a comprehensive induction
on appointment and subsequent continuous professional development are arranged to ensure that they properly
understand the Group’s business and their responsibilities. For the year ended 31 December 2021, all Directors
are requested to provide records of training they received to the Company Secretary of the Company (the
“Company Secretary”). According to the record maintained by the Company Secretary, the participation by each
Director of the Company in the continuous professional development was as follows:

                                                                                Attending
                                                                                 seminars/
                                                              Reading         conferences/
Name of Director                                             materials            briefings          Site visits

Executive Directors
Mr. Qu Jiguang (Chairman)                                            ✔                   ✔                   ✔
Mr. Su Xuejun                                                        ✔                   ✔                   ✔
Mr. Meng Guo                                                         ✔                   ✔                   ✔
Mr. Chow Hing Yeung                                                  ✔                   ✔                   —

Non-executive Director
Mr. Feng Hao                                                         ✔                   ✔                   —

Independent non-executive Directors
Mr. Wang Yibing                                                      ✔                   ✔                   —
Mr. Leung Chong Shun                                                 ✔                   ✔                   —
Mr. Chow Kwok Wai                                                    ✔                   ✔                   —

COMPANY SECRETARY

All directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary who is a full time employee of the
Company and has day-to-day knowledge of the Company’s affairs. During the year, the Company Secretary had
taken no less than 15 hours of relevant professional training requirement, in compliance with Rule 3.29 of the
Listing Rules.




                                                                                       Annual Report 2021          25
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY

     The Company has adopted a board diversity policy which sets out the approach to achieve and maintain diversity
     on the Board in order to enhance the effectiveness of the Board. Pursuant to the policy, the Company seeks to
     achieve Board diversity through the consideration of a number of factors, including but not limited to gender,
     age, cultural and education background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of
     service.

     Taking into account the characteristics of the pharmaceutical industry, the Group’s current situation and the
     feasibility of measurable objectives related to various factors, the Board has set the following measurable
     objectives:

     1.      the Board comprises directors who have professional qualifications or relevant experience in each of the
             following fields: accounting, legal and China pharmaceutical industry; and

     2.      the Board comprises executive director, non-executive director and independent non-executive director.

     At present, all of the above measurable objectives have been achieved.

     As at 31 December 2021 and up to date of this Corporate Governance Report, the Company has a single gender
     board. The Board is aware of the requirement under Rule 13.92 of the Listing Rules for issuers with a single
     gender board to appoint a director of a different gender no later than 31 December 2024. The Company will
     consider and take appropriate actions to address the single gender Board issue including but not limited to
     revisiting its board diversity policy with measurable objectives. The Company will make relevant disclosures in
     amongst others, its corporate governance report, as and when appropriate pursuant to the Listing Rules. Such
     disclosures may include but are not limited to the measures to be taken by the Board to achieve greater gender
     diversity, proposed targets and timelines and the Company’s succession plan as regards gender diversity.

     To ascertain the progress made towards achieving the objective of Board diversity, the Nomination Committee
     reviews the board diversity policy from time to time to ensure its continued effectiveness and its compliance
     with all applicable rules and regulations, including but not limited to the Listing Rules. The Board reviews the
     implementation and effectiveness of the board diversity policy, including but limited to ensuring the measurable
     objectives’ appropriateness and considering any new measurable objectives, from time to time with at least once
     a year.

     NOMINATION COMMITTEE

     The Board has established the Nomination Committee. The Nomination Committee is chaired by Mr. Wang
     Yibing and with committee members of Mr. Leung Chong Shun and Mr. Chow Kwok Wai, all of them being
     independent non-executive Directors. The terms of reference of the Nomination Committee are available at the
     Company’s website and the website of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.

     The roles and functions of the Nomination Committee include reviewing the structure, size and composition
     (including the skills, knowledge and experience) of the Board taking into account the Company’s board diversity
     policy, making recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board, identifying candidates and/or making
     recommendations to the Board on candidates nominated for directorships taking into account the Company’s
     nomination policy as well as reviewing the Company’s board diversity policy and nomination policy from time to
     time to ensure their continued effectiveness and their compliance with all applicable rules and regulations.




26        SSY Group Limited
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




NOMINATION COMMITTEE (Continued)

Meeting of the Nomination Committee shall be held at least once a year. One meeting was held during the year
ended 31 December 2021. Appointment of Mr. Meng Guo and Mr. Chow Hing Yeung as executive Directors was
discussed and recommended to the Board, and the Board composition, the Company’s board diversity policy and
nomination policy were reviewed. The attendance of each member was as follows:

Name of committee members                                                  Number of meetings attended/held

Mr. Wang Yibing                                                                                               1/1
Mr. Leung Chong Shun                                                                                          1/1
Mr. Chow Kwok Wai                                                                                             1/1

REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

The Board has established the Remuneration Committee, chaired by Mr. Leung Chong Shun and with committee
members of Mr. Wang Yibing and Mr. Chow Kwok Wai, all of them being independent non-executive Directors.
The terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee are available at the Company’s website and the website
of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.

The principal roles and functions of the Remuneration Committee is the formulation, review and
recommendation to the Board on the Company’s policy and structure for all Directors and senior management
remuneration and on the establishment of a formal and transparent policy on their remuneration.

Other roles and functions of the Remuneration Committee include consulting the Chairman of the Board about
their remuneration proposals for other executive Directors and senior management, reviewing and approving
the management’s remuneration proposals with reference to the Board’s corporate goals and objectives, making
recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual executive Director and senior
management (including benefits in kind, pension rights and compensation payments), making recommendations
to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive Directors, approving and making recommendations to the
Board on the terms of the Directors’ service agreements and compensation arrangement relating to termination,
dismissal or removal of the Directors, and ensuring that no Director or his/her associates is involved in deciding
that Director’s own remuneration.




                                                                                        Annual Report 2021           27
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     REMUNERATION COMMITTEE (Continued)

     Meeting of the Remuneration Committee shall be held at least once a year. Two meeting had been held during
     the year ended 31 December 2021. During the meetings, remuneration paid to the Directors (including the
     resigned Director and the newly appointed Directors) and the remuneration policy of the Directors and senior
     management of the Company have been reviewed. The attendance of each member was as follows:

     Name of committee members                                                 Number of meetings attended/held

     Mr. Leung Chong Shun                                                                                         2/2
     Mr. Wang Yibing                                                                                              2/2
     Mr. Chow Kwok Wai                                                                                            2/2

     The overriding objective of the remuneration policy of executive Directors and senior management is to provide
     the packages needed to attract, retain and motivate executive Directors and senior management of the quality
     required to run the Company successfully, without paying more than necessary. The remuneration policy of
     executive Directors and senior management are reviewed and recommended for the Board’s approval by the
     Remuneration Committee. In addition, share options may be granted under the Share Option Scheme and shares
     may be granted under the Restricted Share Award Scheme to the executive Directors and senior management.
     The remuneration package is reviewed with reference to the Board’s corporate goals and objectives, prevailing
     market practice, duties and responsibilities of the individual executive Director or senior management and
     his/her contribution to the Group. Remuneration packages of executive Directors comprise base salary,
     performance bonus and fringe benefits including the provident fund, medical insurance and other miscellaneous
     benefits. All the Directors are entitled to participate in the Share Option Scheme. The emolument payable to
     Directors depends on their respective contractual terms under the service contract with the Company, and as
     recommended by the Remuneration Committee. Details of the remuneration of the Directors, individuals with
     highest emoluments in senior management by band and other remuneration related matters are set out in note 8
     and note 9 to the financial statement respectively.

     The objective of remunerating non-executive Directors is to ensure that they are remunerated sufficiently but not
     excessively for their efforts and time dedicated to the Company. Every of the non-executive Directors has entered
     into a service contract with the Company for an initial term of 3 years commencing from the appointment date.
     The annual emolument is HK$228,000 for the non-executive Director, namely Mr. Feng Hao, and each of the
     independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Wang Yibing, Mr. Leung Chong Shun and Mr. Chow Kwok
     Wai.

     AUDIT COMMITTEE

     The Board has established the Audit Committee and its terms of reference are available at the Company’s
     website and the website of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. In compliance with Rule 3.21 of the
     Listing Rules, the Audit Committee comprises three independent non-executive Directors. The Audit Committee
     is chaired by Mr. Chow Kwok Wai who is a certificated public accountant and the committee members are Mr.
     Wang Yibing and Mr. Leung Chong Shun. No member of the Audit Committee is a member of the former or the
     existing auditor of the Company.

     The principal roles and functions of the Audit Committee are to provide the Board an independent oversight
     of the financial reporting, internal control and risk management systems of the Group and to maintain an
     appropriate relationship of the Company’s external auditors.




28     SSY Group Limited
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




AUDIT COMMITTEE (Continued)

Other roles and functions of the Audit Committee include reviewing the Group’s financial information, financial
controls as well as the internal control and risk management systems, making recommendations to the Board on
the appointment, reappointment and removal of the external auditor, reviewing and monitor the external audit
and internal control review processes, and developing and reviewing the Company’s policies and practices on
corporate governance and making recommendations to the Board.

According to its terms of reference, meetings of the Audit Committee shall be held at least twice a year. Two
meetings had been held during the year ended 31 December 2021. The attendance of each member was as
follows:

Name of committee members                                                  Number of meetings attended/held

Mr. Chow Kwok Wai                                                                                              2/2
Mr. Leung Chong Shun                                                                                           2/2
Mr. Wang Yibing                                                                                                2/2

During the above meetings and throughout the year ended 31 December 2021 in performing its duties, the work
performed by the Audit Committee included:

(a)   reviewed, among other things, the report by the internal control consultant and the financial statements,
      significant accounting policies and judgements of the Group contained in the Annual Report and the
      Interim Report with liaison with the Company’s senior management and/or the external auditor before
      submission to the Board;

(b)   met with the external auditor to discuss the audit approach and audit findings twice a year; and

(c)   reviewed the external auditor’s independence and effectiveness of its audit service, and recommended to
      the Board, for the approval by shareholders, of the re-appointment of the external auditor and approval of
      its remuneration.

DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities (as set out in page 63 of this Annual Report under the section
headed “Independent Auditor’s Report”) for overseeing the preparation of the financial statements of the Group
that give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Group and of the financial results and cash flows for
that reporting period. The management provides to the Board monthly updates of the Group’s financial position
and any other supplementary information giving a balanced and understandable assessment of the Group’s
performance, position and prospects so as to enable the Board to discharge its duties. The management also
provides to the Board sufficient explanation and information so as to enable the Board to make an informed
assessment of the financial and other information put before the Board for approval. The Board was not aware
of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that might cast significant doubt upon the Group’s
ability to continue as a going concern and the Board has prepared the financial statements on a going concern
basis. The responsibility of the external auditor is to form an independent opinion, based on their audit, on
those consolidated financial statements prepared by the Board and to report their opinion to the shareholders
of the Company. A statement by the auditor about their reporting responsibilities is included in the Independent
Auditor’s Report.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2021           29
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION

     The fees paid and payable to the Company’s auditor, KPMG, in respect of audit services and non-audit services
     for the year ended 31 December 2021 amounted to approximately HK$2,870,000 and HK$nil respectively.

     RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

     The Board is responsible for overseeing the risk management and internal control systems of the Group. The
     systems include a defined management structure with limits of authority, and are designed to enable the Board
     to identify, evaluate and manage significant risks (including ESG risks) so as to manage rather than eliminate the
     risk of failure to achieve its business objectives, provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material
     misstatement or loss, safeguard its assets and shareholders’ interests, and ensure compliance with applicable
     laws and regulations. The Group has established policies which set out internal control procedures in respect
     of inside information (as set out below under the heading “HANDLING OF INSIDE INFORMATION”), connected
     transactions/continuing connected transactions and other key risk areas. Detailed policies and/or procedures
     in individual departments and functions are established for, including but limited to budgeting, information
     reporting, performance monitoring, whistleblowing by employees and stakeholders as well as anti-corruption and
     fraud prevention, so as to implement the Group’s risk and internal control systems and achieve their objectives.

     The Board conducts annual review of the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems
     of the Company and its subsidiaries and, in particular, ensures the adequacy of financial and human resources
     in performance and reporting of the Company’s accounting, financial and ESG functions. Having assessed the
     current situation of the Group including the changes in its operation size, business nature, industry environment
     and other significant risks (including ESG risks) since last annual review, and resources required for setting up
     in-house internal audit, the Board considered so far the engagement of Morison Heng CPA Limited, an external
     professional firm as internal control consultant is in the best interests of the Company. A risk management plan
     is set up by the internal control consultant. The significant risks of the Group are then identified, assessed and
     documented, which are taken into consideration by the internal control consultant in the design of internal
     control system review. The review covers all material controls of the Group, including financial, operational and
     compliance controls. Results of the review are reported to the Audit Committee for making recommendation to
     the Board on the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems. Suggestions proposed in
     the review are also considered by the Board for improving the Company’s internal control measures and resolve
     material internal control defects, if any.

     For the year ended 31 December 2021, a review on the effectiveness of the risk management and internal
     control systems of the Company has been conducted by the Board. Based on the information provided by
     the internal control consultant and its own observations and assessments, the Board concluded that the risk
     management and internal control systems are effective and adequate.

     HANDLING OF INSIDE INFORMATION

     The Group has established policy and procedures on handling and dissemination of inside information which sets
     out guidelines to the directors, officers and all relevant employees of the Group to ensure inside information
     of the Company is to be disseminated to the public in equal and timely manner in accordance with the
     Securities and Futures Ordinance, the Listing Rule and all other applicable laws and regulations. The Company
     has established written guidelines to the directors, officers and all relevant employees of the Company and its
     subsidiaries on assessing whether material information that comes to their knowledge is inside information and
     escalating such information for the attention of the Board promptly. The Company discloses information and
     publish announcements in compliance with the Listing Rules and other relevant laws and regulations. The primary
     focus of the Company is to ensure information disclosure is timely, accurate and complete.




30     SSY Group Limited
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set out
in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules (the “Model Code”). Having made specific enquiry by the Company, all
Directors confirmed that they had complied with the required standard set out in the Model Code during the
year ended 31 December 2021.

The Company has also established written guidelines to the directors, officers and all relevant employees of
the Company and its subsidiaries on securities transactions by those who may possess or have access to inside
Information of the Company.

SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

(1)   Procedures for shareholders to convene an EGM

      In accordance with the Company’s Article 58, the shareholders of the Company holding at the date of
      deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company carrying the right
      of voting at general meetings of the Company shall at all times have the right, by written requisition to
      the Board or the Company Secretary, to require an extraordinary general meeting (“EGM”) to be called by
      the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition; and such meeting shall be held
      within 2 months after the deposit of such requisition.

      The written requisition must state the purposes of the meeting, signed by the requisitionists and deposit
      it to the Board or the Company Secretary at the Company’s principal place of business in Hong Kong at
      Rooms 4902-03, 49th Floor, Central Plaza, 18 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong.

      The notice period to be given to all the registered members for consideration of the proposal raised by the
      requisitionists concerned at EGM varies according to the nature of the proposal, as follows:

      —      At least 14 clear days’ notice in writing if the proposal constitutes an ordinary resolution of the
             Company;

      —      At least 21 clear days’ notice in writing if calling for an AGM or the proposal constitutes a special
             resolution of the Company at EGM.

      If within 21 days of such deposit the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting the requisitionists
      themselves may do so in the same manner, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionists as a
      result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the requisitionists by the Company.

(2)   Procedures for putting forward proposals at shareholders’ meeting

      Shareholders are welcomed to make enquires and suggestions to the Board in the general meeting.
      Shareholders who wish to put forward a proposal, including nomination of directors, should convene an
      EGM by submitting a written requisition to move a resolution at EGM. The requirements and procedures
      are set out in “(1) Procedures for shareholders to convene an EGM” above.




                                                                                        Annual Report 2021           31
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS (Continued)

     (3)   Procedures for sending shareholders’ enquiries to the Board

           Shareholders may send their enquiries and concerns to the Board in writing through the Company
           Secretary whose contact details are as follows:

           Mailing address:         Rooms 4902-03, 49th Floor Central Plaza, 18 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong
           E-mail:                  henrychow@ssygroup.com.hk
           Fax:                     (852) 2787 3338

           Shareholders may also direct their questions about their shareholdings to Computershare Hong Kong
           Investor Services Limited, the Company’s Hong Kong branch share registrar.

     DIVIDEND POLICY

     The Company has adopted a dividend policy in which the Board considers paying dividends twice a year, which
     are interim dividend and final dividend. From time to time, the Board may declare interim dividend. Under
     normal business conditions, and subject to the approval by the shareholders in a general meeting, the Board
     may recommend final dividend to maintain a stable dividend payout ratio (defined as the aggregated amount of
     interim dividend and final dividend in each financial year divided by the Group’s audited net profits attributable
     to the shareholders in that year) but there is no assurance that dividends will be paid in any particular amount
     for any given period. The Board may also declare special dividends in addition to such dividends, or consider the
     issuance of bonus shares on a basis permitted by the applicable laws and regulations as it considers appropriate.

     COMMUNICATIONS WITH INVESTORS

     The Company believes that effective communication is essential for enhancing investor relations and investors’
     understanding of the Group. The Company also recognises the importance of transparency and timely disclosure
     of its corporate information, which enables shareholders and potential investors to make informed decisions.

     The Company has established a mechanism of using a number of channels for communications with its
     shareholders, investors and other stakeholders to ensure independent views and input are available to the
     Board. These include the AGM and the general meetings, annual and interim reports and quarterly statements,
     announcements, circulars to shareholders, press releases, investors meetings and the Company’s website
     www.ssygroup.com.hk. The Board reviews the implementation and effectiveness of such mechanism from time to
     time with at least once a year.

     CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS

     During the year ended 31 December 2021, there was no change in the Company’s constitutional documents.

     The Board resolved on 29 March 2022 to seek approval of the shareholders of the Company at the forthcoming
     annual general meeting scheduled to be convened and held on 23 May 2022 (the “forthcoming AGM”) to adopt
     a new amended and restated articles of association of the Company (the “New Articles of Association”) in order
     to (i) bring the existing amended and restated articles of association of the Company (the “Existing Articles of
     Association”) in line with relevant requirements of the Listing Rules (in particular the core standards set out in
     Appendix 3 thereto) and the laws of the Cayman Islands; and (ii) make other consequential and housekeeping
     amendments to the Existing Articles of Association. The existing memorandum of association of the Company
     remains unchanged. The proposed adoption of the New Articles of Association is subject to the approval of
     the shareholders of the Company by way of a special resolution at the forthcoming AGM. Please refer to the
     Company’s announcement dated 29 March 2022 for the full particulars of the proposed amendments to the
     Existing Articles of Association.




32     SSY Group Limited
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




INTRODUCTION

As a pharmaceutical enterprise, the Group understands the importance of environmental sustainability and
green manufacturing and is committed to generating a positive impact on the society and the environment.
The investors and stakeholders are placing more emphasis on the performance of the environmental, social and
governance (the “ESG”) aspect. In addition to achieving our business objectives, we recognize our responsibility
to operate in a more responsible and sustainable manner by integrating ESG considerations into our day-to-day
operations.

Combining its own experience, the Group adopts the principles and the basis of “Environmental, Social and
Governance Reporting Guide” as set out in Appendix 27 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The
Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”) as the standard of the Group, with the objective
of establishing a sound environmental, social and governance structure. By evaluating the ESG-related risks
and reporting performance, the Group sets the overall strategic goals, supervises management effectiveness,
and ensures compliance with the relevant legal and regulatory requirements. This ESG report (the “Report”)
sets out the Group’s strategies and practices in two aspects, namely environmental and social, to enhance
the comprehensive and in-depth understanding by the shareholders, the investors and the public towards the
Company’s governance and culture through this report.

REPORTING SCOPE

The Report provides an overview of the Group’s sustainability performance by summarising the policies,
management approach and performance of the Group’s core and material businesses (i.e. the research,
development, manufacturing and selling of a wide range of pharmaceutical products to hospitals and
distributors) in respect of corporate social responsibility. The Group has manufacturing plants in Hebei Province
and Jiangsu Province, the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), and sells to customers mainly in the PRC.
The Report is prepared in accordance with the reporting principles of ‘Materiality’, ‘Quantitative’, ‘Balance’ and
‘Consistency’. Taking into account the principle of materiality, the Report has been dedicated in gathering the
relevant data on environmental, social and governance for three major subsidiaries, namely Shijiazhuang No. 4
Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Shijiazhuang No. 4 Pharma”), Jiangsu Best New Medical Material Co., Ltd. (“Jiangsu
Best”) and Hebei Guangxiang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Hebei Guangxiang”), and disclosed the policies on ESG
of the Group in China. The Report was reviewed and approved by the board of directors (the “Board”) of SSY
Group Limited (“the Company”) on 29 March 2022.

REPORTING PERIOD

The Report illustrates and highlights the environmental and social performance of the Group in China for the
reporting period from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2021 (the “Reporting Period”).

REPORTING FRAMEWORK

The Report is prepared in accordance with the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide (the “ESG
Guide”) contained in Appendix 27 to the Listing Rules.

STATEMENT OF THE BOARD

The Board assumes full responsibility for and ensures the effectiveness of the ESG strategy and reporting of the
Company, and the Group operates its core and material businesses in a sustainable manner.

The Board takes overall responsibilities for the ESG performance and reporting. The Board assesses the materiality
of effects of the respective ESG issues on the businesses and stakeholders of the Company through regular
review of the Company’s operation by the business and function departments of the Company, and reports to
the management and the Board from time to time.

In order to improve the awareness and capability of the members of the Board in relation to ESG management,
the Company arranged related knowledge trainings for the Board, with an aim to learn the latest regulatory
requirements and initiatives and work together to explore the direction to enhance their skills. Meanwhile, the
members of the Board participated in the materiality assessment of the ESG issues and prioritised such issues
from the perspective of risks imposed on the businesses of the Company. By combining such assessment results
and the opinions of the stakeholders, the Company identified the most significant ESG issues.


                                                                                        Annual Report 2021           33
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




     STATEMENT OF THE BOARD (Continued)

     The Board is committed to improving the setting and tracking mechanism of ESG objectives, so as to promote
     the continuous enhancement of the Company’s ESG standards. The Company’s finance, compliance and investor
     relation department is responsible for researching and formulating ESG objectives related to the operations
     of the Company after consolidating the feedbacks of the Group’s business and functional departments, and
     subsequently for reviewing and monitoring the progress of the ESG objectives and preparing the Report for the
     Board’s review.

     FEEDBACK MECHANISM

     Advice and suggestions from the stakeholders help to establish and enhance the sustainability strategy of the
     Group in the future. Stakeholders are welcome to contact the personnel in charge of the preparation of this
     Report by sending email to ronaldchak@ssygroup.com.hk.

     STAKEHOLDERS’ ENGAGEMENT AND MATERIALITY

     The Group believes that we need to prioritise our environmental protection and social responsibilities and
     continue to come up with approach to improve our environment management system. Based on our experiences
     and communications with internal and external organisations, the Group consolidated seven different groups
     of stakeholders that are relevant to our business. These include our management, general staff, community
     and the public, shareholders and investors, suppliers and business partners, customers, and the government
     and regulators. To foster collaborative relationship with its stakeholders, the Group proactively promoted
     communication with the stakeholders through various channels to exchange thoughts and ideas during the
     Reporting Period. The engagement from the stakeholders enables the Group to ensure the alignment between
     the strategies for business and sustainable development and the stakeholders’ views and expectations. The
     following stakeholder engagement activities were conducted during the Reporting Period.

                      STAKEHOLDER GROUP ENGAGED                           ENGAGEMENT METHODS

     Internal Stakeholders        Management                              — Regular meetings

                                  General Staff                           — Regular meetings
                                                                          — Trainings and workshops
                                                                          — Annual appraisal meetings
                                                                          — Company magazine and intranet

     External Stakeholders        Community and the Public                — Joint community activities

                                  Shareholders and Investors              — General meetings
                                                                          — Investor information sessions
                                                                          — Site visits
                                                                          — Regular information disclosure of
                                                                             the listed company
                                                                          — Investor visits and meetings
                                                                          — Telephone and email enquiries

                                  Suppliers and Business Partners         — Tender meetings
                                                                          — Supplier management
                                                                            procedure
                                                                          — Supplier appraisal and assessment




34    SSY Group Limited
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




STAKEHOLDERS’ ENGAGEMENT AND MATERIALITY (Continued)

                 STAKEHOLDER GROUP ENGAGED                             ENGAGEMENT METHODS
External Stakeholders         Customers                                — Customer opinion surveys
                                                                       — Customer communication meetings
                                                                       — Day-to-day communication with
                                                                         frontline staff
                                                                       — Customer feedback mechanism

                              The Government and Regulators            — On-site inspection and work reports
                                                                          preparation, submission and
                                                                         approval
                                                                       — Conversations with regulatory
                                                                         authorities
                                                                       — Regular communication with local
                                                                         environmental departments
                                                                       — Consultation and information
                                                                         disclosure
MATERIALITY ANALYSIS

Through the stakeholder engagement exercise, management reviews and industry analysis, and in light of the
significance of the Group-related ESG issues to the stakeholders and the Group, the Group identified the most
material ESG issues and prioritised its resources in managing these issues. This assessment helps to ensure
that the Group’s business goals and development direction are in line with the stakeholders’ expectations and
requirements. The issues that are considered most material by the Group are indicated in the following table, and
they have been included in the below disclosures in this report.

Materiality Ranking               ESG Issues
1                                 Emissions
2                                 Supply management in operating and production aspect
3                                 Anti-bribery
4                                 Labour regulation in employment and labour aspect

ENVIRONMENTAL CATEGORY

The Group has formulated policies to ensure the compliance of the production by its companies in the PRC (the
“Companies”) with the environmental requirements under the GMP standards and relevant environmental laws
and regulations of the PRC. In practice, the Companies adopted low energy consumption and low pollution
measures, and encouraged employees to consider related environmental factors from time to time.

The Companies have advocated “green” pharmaceutical philosophy, in which significant historical missions
such as environmental protection and the rational use of resources play a prominent role in each and every
section of the Companies’ operations including technological transformation and product formulation selection.
Where there is a conflict between production development and environmental protection or resources
conservation, the Companies have always prioritised the harmonious development of the society and has never
sacrificed the environment and resources for profits. In recent years, the Companies have actively conducted
energy conservation and emissions reduction measures and has put energy conservation and environmental
protection in important positions. By means of technological transformation, the adoption of new materials,
technologies and processes, the promotion of equipment and technologies with high energy efficiency, as well as
technological advancements, the Companies have realised its sustainable development, fully embodying the social
responsibilities and conscience of a pharmaceutical manufacturer, aiming to maintain the average level on energy
consumption and emissions per unit of production volume in the next few years.




                                                                                       Annual Report 2021           35
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




     ENVIRONMENTAL CATEGORY (Continued)
     Emissions aspect
     The Companies devoted great effort in pollution prevention and control, protection of ecological system in strict
     compliance of each GMP standard and the relevant laws and regulations in the PRC, in an effort to strengthen
     the management ability in environment. The Companies had various pollution prevention and control facilities
     to comply with applicable standards of main sewage outlet, applicable standards of air exhaust vents and
     emission permitted by the emission license. The Companies adopted new techniques, new technologies and new
     products of zero or minimal pollution to meet emission targets; for sewage, the sewage treatment plant has
     met the operation standard; for solid wastes, sorting and separation were conducted to implement full process
     supervision and management of hazardous waste, covering from its generation to treatment. In 2017, the
     Companies was the first batch of companies recognised in the Green Manufacturing Demonstration List by the
     Ministry of Industry and Information Technology. During 2021, the Group has not breached the above laws and
     regulations in relation to emission.
     Types of emissions
                                                                                            2021                 2020
     Air emissions
       Sulfur oxides (SOx) (kg)                                                                2                    4
       Nitrogen oxides (NOx) (kg)                                                         22,236               13,018
       Suspended particles (PM) (kg)                                                          55                  161
     Greenhouse gases emissions (note 1)
       Direct emissions (ton)                                                             31,766               20,053
       Indirect emissions (ton)                                                          190,095              159,206

       Total greenhouse gases emissions (ton)                                            221,861              179,259

     Greenhouse gases emissions intensity (ton/million pieces of product)                 12,850               16,814
     Wastewater emissions (ton)                                                          794,985              752,464
     Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD 5) (ton)                                                  16                   40
     Hazardous waste (ton) (note 2)                                                           75                    7
     Non-hazardous waste (ton)                                                             1,695                2,227
     Note 1: Greenhouse gases emissions data are presented in terms of tCO2 equivalent.
     Note 2: In 2021, among which there are about 17 tons of sludge containing rubber, which is sold to renewable energy
             companies for recycling.

     The Companies use various machines and equipment to treat different pollutions, including:
     The Companies have three sewage treatment stations which improve the sewage treatment capacity. The sewage
     treatment station uses the biochemical treatment process in combination with physical and chemical treatment
     methods. The treated sewage is discharged into the sewage pipe network after it meets the standards. The
     sewage that has been treated in the sewage treatment station meets the discharge target of the industrial zone.
     The station mainly handles exhaust gas and is equipped with four sets of treatment facilities, among which, the
     “bag filter + 25m high exhaust gas pipe” is mainly used for filtering workshop dust, the “alkali wash + multi-
     media catalytic oxidation absorption tower + 25m high exhaust pipe” is used to remove the odour generated
     in the workshops, and the “bio-filter + 15m high exhaust pipe” is used to remove the odour generated in the
     tanks.
     The Companies’ bulk pharmaceutical production base in Cangzhou has applied advanced synthesis, reduction,
     separation as well as extraction artifices and new devices. Through adopting new equipment and new
     technology, optimising production processes and recycling the wastes or by-products produced from other
     projects in the park as raw materials, the reduction, reuse and maximisation of resources are achieved, and a
     cyclic economic and industrial chain is established. During the year, the production base built a new sewage
     treatment station which applied advanced treatment process of low-temperature wet oxidation to ensure its
     emissions reaching the required standards, so as to improve sewage treatment capability. It also implemented
     upgrading of and technology improvement on its existing exhaust treatment facilities, and built two new catalytic
     combustion systems to handle the treatment of exhaust generated from workshop process. In addition, it built
     new activated carbon adsorption and recycling device which will separately collect exhaust contained methylene
     chloride generated by the workshops and recover the methylene chloride contained in the exhaust through the
     adsorption and desorption process.

36     SSY Group Limited
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




ENVIRONMENTAL CATEGORY (Continued)

Resources and energy aspect

Taking the management approach of “conserving energy to increase efficiency, reducing consumption to
increase production, reducing emission to improve environment and implementing green practices to develop
pharmaceutical” in energy, the Companies conscientiously implemented its energy management system to
enhance its quality of overall management and awareness on environmental protection, as well as to minimize
operational risk.

Types of resources and energy consumption

                                                                                             2021                  2020

Water (ton)                                                                            1,016,311                 958,042
Electricity (thousand kWh)                                                               186,322                 156,021
Steam (million kJ) (Note)                                                                721,835                 809,852
Natural gas (Note) (million kJ)                                                          473,152                 242,625
Total amount of packaging materials used on
  finished products (ton)                                                                  76,566                 78,458

Note:     During winter heating period, the Companies reduced the use of steam and replaced it by natural gas.

In line with the committed pursuit for a “high growth, low consumption” economic growth model, the
Companies aggressively started resources regeneration and circular economy projects to conserve energy and
reduce consumption by recycling all steam condensate. The Companies have also completed the establishment
of “energy management system”, on the basis of the “four mechanisms” of energy conservation management,
namely “planning, implementation, inspection and improvement”, optimised the development of the energy
conservation and emission reduction management system, implemented continuous enhancement of energy
conservation work, realised continuous enhancement of energy conservation management and continuous
improvement of the efficiency levels, thereby ensuring the full completion of energy conservation and emission
reduction objectives.

Heat and electricity are two major energy consumption of the Companies. The Companies have exploited
potential from various aspects to reduce its energy consumption and lower its production costs. The Companies
established an advanced energy management centre which can conduct systematic monitoring on energy
as well as whole-process and real-time monitoring of general water, steam, power systems, compressed air,
cooling, circulating water, heat supply and waste heat recovery systems to gain real-time understanding of its
energy supply and consumption, as well as the operational status of its equipment. The system can access the
monitoring signal process curves or historical data in relation to pressure, flow volume, temperature, etc. The
Companies adopted energy-saving products such as the application of energy-efficient motor, inverter and servo-
motor control. High-voltage motors are utilised for high-power equipment to reduce energy consumption as
much as possible. The Companies’ overall power system adopts the combination of power compensation and
harmonic control, which not only ensures its power quality, but also effectively improves the power quality of the
entire power grid.

Steam consumption has been effectively reduced after the Company’s application of hot-press distilled water
machine as the replacement for domestic multi-effect distilled water machine. The Companies promote energy
conservation and purchased tens of thousands of sets of energy-efficient LED green lighting to replace the
traditional fluorescent lamps, energy-saving lamps and incandescent lamps, and has conserved energy. Canteen is
equipped with a solar hot water station, which uses low-carbon and clean new energy for cooking, washing and
staff to wash their hands.



                                                                                               Annual Report 2021          37
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




     ENVIRONMENTAL CATEGORY (Continued)

     Resources and energy aspect (Continued)

     To improve water utilisation, the Companies not only use water-saving appliances and equipment, but also
     develops its water-saving potential. Steam is recycled through condensation and reused as the heat source for
     preheating raw water in the production of injection water. The condensed water is reused in the circulating
     pool, greatly reduces the freshwater needed for supplementing the circulating pool. Strengthen water-saving
     technological transformation: A concentrated water recycling device was installed in the water generation
     system. Large infusion bottles are now washed with clean air instead of water, which have considerably reduced
     water consumption. Optimise equipment combination to reduce water consumption: changing the traditional
     way of isolated, small-batch production by production lines, the Companies have concentrated multiple
     production lines for production in much larger quantities. The Companies have established four sets of water
     circulation systems for sterilisation, cold water, cooling water and air compressor cooling, which are capable of
     recycling circulating water, greatly reducing one-off water consumption.

     The Companies use various energy-saving machines and equipment, including:
     •     Modification of existing machines: Modifying screw air compressor into centrifugal air compressors, the
           air to electricity ratio of air compressor is greatly reduced, massively conserving electric energy. Modifying
           cold dryers into desiccant dryers, reducing air loss, thus increasing the production of compressed air and
           conserving electric energy.
     •     Bottle blowing equipment: Appropriate allocation of production lines by the Companies enhance
           production and delivery ability, thus increases the daily production of each unit and lowers energy
           consumption of products.
     •     Large hot-pressed injected water machine: The hot-pressed injected water machine has undergone
           multiple heat exchange internally comparing to traditional multi-functioned water machine, achieving
           optimised energy usage. At the same time, rational production of water output and water storage is
           achieved through variable frequency control, saving steam by approximately 60%.
     •     Offline punching machine: Solving the waste issue of leftover materials in production, massively increases
           the production ability of liquid injections products.

     Environment and natural resources aspect

     As a manufacturer of intravenous infusion solution, water is the foundation of the Companies. The Companies
     continuously implement process reforms and enhances its integrated utilisation of water resources for water
     conservation. For effective utilisation of limited water resources, the fine cleaning water is reused for rough
     cleaning in the glass bottle production lines; the reverse-osmosis-first-grade concentrated water in the water
     station is recycled, and the second-grade concentrated water is recycled and used for cleaning; the steam
     condensed water generated from sterilisation cabinets and distilled water machines is recycled and used for pre-
     heating of raw water for production of water for injection, water for bathroom, cooling water for sterilisation
     during production process and supplementary water for air conditioning.

     Meanwhile, the Companies highly focus on the intensive use of land. On top of its scientific planning, reasonable
     layouts and sophisticated designs are orderly implemented, enabling its factories to create greater economic and
     social benefits despite having limited land resources. In the past few years, for greater utilisation of the limited
     land, the Companies endeavoured to their intensive use of land with conscientious efforts in its land planning,
     utilisation, took advantage on the effects from land-savings, and adopted a “up and down” combined approach
     through the full utilisation of aboveground and underground space resources. The Companies have successively
     established a three-dimensional logistics centre which meets advanced international standards, which has once
     been the largest of and earliest of its kind in Northern China with the highest standard of automation. Such
     warehouse is larger than that of a flat warehouse in capacity by seven times. Currently, the Companies have five
     three-dimensional logistics centres. The Companies’ land saving practice has been highly praised by the Ministry
     of Land and Resources of the People’s Republic of China.


38     SSY Group Limited
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




ENVIRONMENTAL CATEGORY (Continued)

Environment and natural resources aspect (Continued)

The Companies’ bulk pharmaceutical production base in Cangzhou has built a garden-style “Green Park” that
contains multiple dedicated production lines, research and development experiment building, environmental
protection centre and ancillary power facilities on the premise of intensive land use, environmental protection,
energy saving, safe production and greener environment, so as to set a model for others.

In terms of dealing with the impact of climate change, the factory in Hebei province has adopted some risk
assessment and management and control plans in face of low-temperature freeze to mitigate the effect on the
supply chain of the factory production as well as procurement and sale. The Companies have drawn up specific
measures to protect all workshops and warehouses against cold and freezing conditions, including measures such
as electric heat tracing, steam tracing and insulation, so as to reduce the impact of low-temperature environment
on facilities and pipelines.

SOCIAL CATEGORY

Employment and labour aspect

The Group appreciates its employees as valuable asset. The Group provides competitive remuneration package
to employees and periodically reviewed such packages with reference to industry practice. Discretionary bonuses
and share options might be granted to employees based on the assessment of individual performance of the
employees. The Group’s companies in the PRC annually reviewed remuneration package of employees based
on the development of the society, increase in consumer prices and corporate results to maintain the employee
remuneration at reasonable level. In addition, pensions, work-related injury insurances, medical insurances,
maternity insurances, unemployment insurances and housing provident funds are paid for employees as required
by the laws to ensure various legitimate interests of its employees. At the same time, the Companies advocate
for fair competition and are against discrimination to ensure equal starting salary for different genders and equal
pay for equal work.

SOCIAL CATEGORY (Continued)

Employment and labour aspect (Continued)

Total workforce

                                                                               31 December         31 December
                                                                                      2021                2020

Total                                                                                   4,772              4,684

By gender            Male                                                               2,686              2,636
                     Female                                                             2,086              2,048

By age               18-30                                                              2,056              2,438
                     31-50                                                              2,389              2,005
                     Over 50                                                              327                241

By education level   Doctorate                                                              9                  7
                     Post graduate                                                        126                135
                     Bachelor                                                             866                823
                     Tertiary                                                           1,540              1,546
                     Technical secondary school and below high school                   2,231              2,173


                                                                                         Annual Report 2021           39
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




     SOCIAL CATEGORY (Continued)

     Employment and labour aspect (Continued)

     Employee turnover rate

                                                                   2021                         2020
                                                          Number of                     Number of
                                                          employees               %     employees              %

     Total                                                     1,025         21.5%             923         19.7%

     By gender                   Male                            622         23.2%             556         21.1%
                                 Female                          403         19.3%             367         17.9%

     By age                      18-30                           659         32.1%             617         25.3%
                                 31-50                           331         13.9%             272         13.6%
                                 Over 50                          35         10.7%              34         14.1%

     The Group’s companies in the PRC strictly complied with the relevant laws and regulations such as the Labour
     Law and the Labour Contract Law of the PRC, and timely optimised the management system of employment
     relationships pursuant to the changes and amendments of national policies and regulations. The Companies
     strictly followed the relevant laws and regulations, such as the Contract Law and the Labour Contract Law in
     the signing, renewal, cancellation and termination of employment contracts with employees; deployed labour in
     accordance with procedures to reduce disputes and controversies related to employment contracts, and maintain
     the mutual interest of the parties to employment contracts. The Companies also set up rigorous recruitment
     systems and procedures to prevent child and forced labour. If any violations are found, the Companies will
     conduct an in-depth investigation into the causes and make decisions on the penalties to be imposed on the
     employees for wrongdoing and amend the management system to avoid violations in the future.

     The Companies persistently upheld occupational health and safety of employees, strictly complied with the
     requirements regarding production safety under GMP standard and the PRC laws, and provided trainings and
     educational seminars to its employees. The Companies have also set up a health and safety committee to
     gradually optimize health and safely management through efforts in various areas, including setting up an
     accountability system for production safety for staff at all levels, performance evaluation, safety inspection,
     hazard assessment, emergency drills, personal protections and operation safety. The Companies have also
     assessed and upgraded the fire-control facilities, machines and equipment for safety and medical emergency of
     all workshops to ensure a safe work place for its employees.

     The Companies focus on the personal health of our staff, thus, body check is arranged for them every year.
     In addition, the Companies actively respond to “One Day Donation（一日捐）”, a mutual assistance activity
     for our staff organised by the government, which aims to make contributions and help staff and their families
     who are in difficulties due to serious illness or accidents. The COVID-19 prevention and control leading group
     was established to assume the full responsibility for the Companies’ epidemic prevention and control, and to
     formulate epidemic contingency plan in advance.

     The Companies pay great attention to employee development. With the aim to enhance the individual capability
     of, and provide better development opportunities for its employees, the Group invests substantial amount of
     financial and human resources in the trainings for staff every year. During the Reporting Period, the Companies
     arranged a total of 36,488 training hours for new employees.




40     SSY Group Limited
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




SOCIAL CATEGORY (Continued)

Employment and labour aspect (Continued)

Employee turnover rate (Continued)

The Companies actively launched for all workshops the evaluation and upgrade of fire control facilities, devices
and equipment for safety and emergency, as well as the safety control hardware in the places where flammable
and explosive chemicals are used. The Companies continued to implement the assessment rules for the
implementation of departmental responsibilities, and initiated mechanical protection surveys and evaluations on
all mechanical equipment, devices and production lines in the department offices and workshops. The inspection
of mechanical protection device for equipment, which may cause higher risk of personal injury has effectively
reduced the probability of personal injury accidents, resulting in an improved intrinsic safety of the equipment.
The Companies implemented the management and control of risks by classification as well as identification and
mitigation of hidden hazards. By applying classification of safety risks as foundation and using inspection and
mitigation of hidden hazards as tools, we can identify the risks from its source, control the risks, and timely
discover potential defects, loopholes and failures in the risk control process through potential hazard inspection.
The Companies have started various forms of process optimization and improvement for process safety
management, mechanical protection, lockout-tagout, occupational safety analysis, safety observation, emergency
preparedness and response, fire protection, visualization, 5S organisation, high-risk working operation, road
traffic safety, health safety knowledge education and promotion and other professional factors. The health and
safety awareness of employees has been continually improved.

Percentage of employees trained
                                                                                       2021                 2020

By gender                       Male                                                 98.3%                98.2%
                                Female                                               97.9%                97.8%

By category                     Management                                           91.7%                90.0%
                                Executive                                            95.9%                96.2%
                                Non-Executive                                        98.3%                98.2%
Average number of training hours per employee
                                                                                       2021                 2020

By gender                       Male                                            63.1 hours            62.8 hours
                                Female                                          67.5 hours            73.8 hours

By category                     Management                                      19.1 hours            26.7 hours
                                Executive                                       43.4 hours            55.3 hours
                                Non-Executive                                   66.5 hours            68.6 hours
The Companies pay great attention to the occupational health of its employees. It provides good working
and production environment to employees, as well as regular body check and occupational health check for
employees who have direct or indirect contact with the production process. In 2021, according to the current
laws and regulations on occupational health, the department of safety set up effective facilities like dust
collector, air extractor and sound insulation screen in the production line where there may be dust, odour or
noise. To ensure the occupational health of employees, personal protective devices, such as earplugs, earmuffs,
safety goggles, respiratory protective equipment with dust-proof and other functions and protective clothing,
are also equipped in accordance with requirements to minimize potential adverse effects on the employees’
health due to the hazardous factors in the production and operation sites. For those who are in positions
with occupational hazard risk (those directly or indirectly exposed to statutory occupational disease hazards),
it will regularly conduct physical examination of occupational health by occupational disease prevention and
control agencies to ensure the health of the employees. Occupational health files have also been established
for each employee who has received the occupational health check-up. The Companies also strengthened
our occupational health and safety management system and occupational health records. Meanwhile, regular
occupational health trainings were conducted in accordance with the occupational health training program.
Employees’ awareness of their own health protection has been further strengthened.

                                                                                         Annual Report 2021           41
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




     SOCIAL CATEGORY (Continued)

     Employment and labour aspect (Continued)

     Occupational health and safety data

                                                                               2021             2020              2019

     Work-related fatalities                                                      0                 0                0
     Rate of work-related fatalities (by number of employees)                  N/A                N/A              N/A
     Lost days due to work-related injury                                     1,025             1,890              806

     The Companies place great importance to providing environment, occupational health and safety management
     (EHS) training and education activities for employees, which are crucial to the sustainable development of
     the Group. The Companies also endeavour to enhance the environmental, health and safety awareness of all
     employees and society as a whole. In this respect, the Companies have established full-time and part-time EHS
     management personnel, and regularly conducted the continuous improvement behaviour of “plan, do, check and
     act (PDCA)”. In March 2021, Shijiazhuang No. 4 Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. was recognised as the “Advanced Unit
     in Emergency Management and Work Safety of Hebei Province in 2020” (「河北省二零二零年度應急管理與安全
     生產先進單位」) by Emergency Management and Work Safety Association of Hebei Province.

     During year 2021, the Group has not breached the laws and regulations regarding employee recruitment, labour
     standards or health and safety.

     Operating and production aspect

     The Group understands that a good relationship with its suppliers is crucial to the fulfilment of its short-
     term and long-term goals. The Group has been working continuously with its suppliers with the objectives of
     improving the quality of raw materials, and delivering high quality products to its customers. To reinforce the
     quality control of central tender for material procurement, the Group’s companies in the PRC have implemented
     the “management system of tenders for material procurement” and “evaluation and management system of
     suppliers’ quality” to specify the approval of suppliers for material procurement and the staff duties of each
     segment. In addition, by specifying the procedures such as the filing of material suppliers’ quality, quality
     standard, on-site audit, quality assessment, inspections and trials as well as the handling of quality problems, the
     identification and management of major raw materials and the environmental or social risk caused by suppliers
     have been stepped up, and environmentally friendly materials and suppliers would be adopted, which has in
     turn strengthened the quality management of material supply. During the year 2021, the Group corporated with
     about 1,400 suppliers, of which 99% were from China and the others were mainly from Japan and Korea.

     The Companies have policies and systems in place to protect the intellectual properties that have been acquired
     for research, development and production. The Companies performed internal review at all levels regularly in
     accordance with the requirements of GMP to promptly identify problems throughout the actual production
     process and formulate practicable rectification and prevention measures. The Companies have set up quality
     service department which was responsible for handling enquiries and follow up regarding customer feedbacks
     on quality, providing after-sales service on quality at all stages from pharmaceutical production, distribution
     to clinical usage. The department has set up a comprehensive after-sales service system and product-tracking
     system, including quality information feedback, assistance on recall of pharmaceutical products, quality tracking
     on substandard products and supervision of adverse reaction on pharmaceutical products. It has also developed a
     corresponding management system and standardised operation procedures in order to respond to different kinds
     of complaints on the market and customer enquiries on quality information in a timely manner. For any updates
     relating to product quality or legislation, the Companies will arrange staff training to ensure production and
     operation are in accordance with the new regulations as well as to provide customers with accurate information.
     During 2021, the Group had no sold or shipped products that had to be recalled for safety and health reasons.




42     SSY Group Limited
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




SOCIAL CATEGORY (Continued)

Operating and production aspect (Continued)

The Companies implemented measures on protection of customers’ data and privacy and carried out supervision.
The Companies also proactively participated in the inventory management of its customers to avoid return
or replacement of goods due to overstock or sluggish inventory. For expired pharmaceutical products, the
Companies sought for a solution through active negotiation; as to inventory of expired pharmaceutical products,
it strictly followed the “Substandard Pharmaceutical Products Management System” to determine, report and
destroy the substandard pharmaceutical products. During year 2021, the Group has not breached the above laws
and regulations regarding product responsibility.

Anti-corruption aspect

The Companies strictly complied with the relevant national laws and regulations regarding anti-corruption
such as the “Anti-Corruption and Bribery Law of the PRC” and the “Anti-Unfair Competition Law of the PRC”.
All unfair competition behaviours such as commercial bribery were prohibited in the sales and procurement
processes, whereas employees at all levels (including directors) were under strict supervision, management and
training. The Companies were dedicated to maintaining a sound competition environment and order in the
pharmaceutical distribution industry through fair competition with its counterparts in the industry. Directors of
SSY Group Limited also received anti-corruption information prepared by the directors’ training and the Hong
Kong’s Independent Commission Against Corruption from time to time. During year 2021, the Group has not
breached the above laws and regulations regarding anti-corruption.

Community aspect

As an enterprise with a strong commitment to its social responsibilities, the Group has been dedicated to
investing greater effort, physical, human and financial resources in its participation in social welfare activities,
while ensuring the interest of shareholders and investors and the growth of the enterprise.

During the year, the Companies donated RMB2.2 million (2020: RMB1.8 million) to social charitable foundation
for projects related to education and construction for healthcare, benefiting various organizations including
the Red Cross Society of China, Shenyang Pharmaceutical University Education Foundation （沈陽藥科大學教
育基金會）, the Hantai District Charity Association and other public welfare foundations. During year 2021,
the Companies still actively distributed epidemic prevention materials after the mitigation of novel coronavirus
pneumonia epidemic, and donated RMB330,000 (2020: RMB2.6 million) worth of epidemic prevention drugs and
disinfection materials to the Red Cross Society of Hebei Province, including Abidol Hydrochloride Capsules as well
as Compound Quaternary Ammonium Salt Disinfectant.

The Group believes that the commitment on social responsibilities shall be fully borne by enterprises. As an
enterprise with integrity and social responsibility, the Group should stand at the forefront for the community and
shoulder the responsibility for business, social and ecological civilization in the course of business growth and
the protection of interest for pharmaceutical market and end-users, to achieve a balance between benefit and
obligation and to fulfil the responsibility as a “corporate citizen”.

In the adherence to its operational philosophy of “Openness basing on sincerity helps people by quality”, the
Group eagerly took up and performed its corporate social responsibilities to make a greater contribution to the
harmonious development of society, economy and environment.




                                                                                          Annual Report 2021           43
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




     APPENDIX: ESG REPORTING CONTENT INDEX

     Subject Areas and    General Disclosure and KPIs   Chapter in the Report
     Aspects

     Environmental

     A1 Emissions         General Disclosure            Emissions aspect

                          KPI A1.1                      Types of emissions

                          KPI A1.2                      Types of emissions

                          KPI A1.3                      Types of emissions
                          KPI A1.4                      Types of emissions

                          KPI A1.5                      Types of emissions,
                                                        Environmental Category

                          KPI A1.6                      Emissions aspect,
                                                        Environmental Category

     A2 Use of            General Disclosure            Resources and energy aspect
     Resources
                          KPI A2.1                      Types of resources and energy
                                                        consumption

                          KPI A2.2                      Types of resources and energy
                                                        consumption

                          KPI A2.3                      Resources and energy aspect

                          KPI A2.4                      Resources and energy aspect,
                                                        Environmental Category

                          KPI A2.5                      Types of resources and energy
                                                        consumption

     A3 Environment       General Disclosure            Resources and energy aspect
     and Natural
     Resources            KPI A3.1                      Resources and energy aspect

     A4 Climate Change    General Disclosure            Resources and energy aspect

                          KPI A4.1                      Resources and energy aspect




44    SSY Group Limited
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




APPENDIX: ESG REPORTING CONTENT INDEX (Continued)

Subject Areas and   General Disclosure and KPIs     Chapter in the Report
Aspects

Social

B1 Employment       General Disclosure              Employment and labour aspect

                    KPI B1.1                        Total workforce

                    KPI B1.2                        Employee turnover rate
B2 Health and       General Disclosure              Employment and labour aspect
Safety
                    KPI B2.1                        Occupational health and safety
                                                    data

                    KPI B2.2                        Occupational health and safety
                                                    data

                    KPI B2.3                        Employment and labour aspect

B3 Development      General Disclosure              Employment and labour aspect
and Training
                    KPI B3.1                        Percentage of Employees
                                                    trained

                    KPI B3.2                        Average number of training
                                                    hours per employee

B4 Labour           General Disclosure              Employment and labour aspect
Standards
                    KPI B4.1                        Employment and labour aspect

                    KPI B4.2                        Employment and labour aspect

B5 Supply Chain     General Disclosure              Operating and production
Management                                          aspect

                    KPI B5.1                        Operating and production
                                                    aspect

                    KPI B5.2                        Operating and production
                                                    aspect

                    KPI B5.3                        Operating and production
                                                    aspect

                    KPI B5.4                        Operating and production
                                                    aspect




                                                           Annual Report 2021        45
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




     APPENDIX: ESG REPORTING CONTENT INDEX (Continued)

     Subject Areas and    General Disclosure and KPIs    Chapter in the Report
     Aspects

     B6 Product           General Disclosure             Operating and production
     Responsibility                                      aspect

                          KPI B6.1                       Operating and production
                                                         aspect

                          KPI B6.2                       Operating and production
                                                         aspect

                          KPI B6.3                       Operating and production
                                                         aspect

                          KPI B6.4                       Operating and production
                                                         aspect

                          KPI B6.5                       Operating and production
                                                         aspect

     B7 Anti-corruption   General Disclosure             Anti-corruption aspect

                          KPI B7.1                       Anti-corruption aspect

                          KPI B7.2                       Anti-corruption aspect

                          KPI B7.3                       Anti-corruption aspect

     B8 Community         General Disclosure             Community aspect
     Investment
                          KPI B8.1                       Community aspect

                          KPI B8.2                       Community aspect




46    SSY Group Limited
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




The Board of Directors (the “Board”) of SSY Group Limited (the “Company”) present their report together
with the audited financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) for the year ended 31
December 2021.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The principal activity of the Company is investment holding and the activities of its subsidiaries are set out in
note 13 to the financial statements.

BUSINESS REVIEW

Discussions and reviews of the Group’s business are contained in the Management Discussion and Analysis as set
out on pages 12 to 18. These discussions form part of this Report of the Directors.

SEGMENT INFORMATION

An analysis of the Group’s revenue and results by business segments for the year ended 31 December 2021 is set
out in note 4 to the financial statements.

RESULTS

The results of the Group for the year are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
comprehensive income on pages 66 to 67.

DIVIDENDS

For the year ended 31 December 2021, an interim dividend of HK$0.05 per share was declared on 27 August
2021 and paid on 24 September 2021 (2020: HK$0.05 per share). The Board recommended a final dividend
of HK$0.07 per share (2020: HK$0.05 per share) which, together with the interim dividend, will result in total
dividends of HK$0.12 per share for the year ended 31 December 2021 (2020: HK$0.10 per share). The payment
of the final dividend is subject to the approval in the forthcoming annual general meeting.

FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is set out
on page 152.




                                                                                          Annual Report 2021           47
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

     Details of the movements in property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year are set out in note 11
     to the financial statements.

     SHARE CAPITAL

     Details of movements in the share capital of the Company during the year are set out in the consolidated
     statement of changes in equity and in note 26(c) to the financial statements.

     RESERVES

     Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and of the Company during the year are set out in the
     consolidated statement of changes in equity and note 26(a) to the financial statements respectively.

     DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

     As at 31 December 2021, the Company had distributable reserves of approximately HK$280,402,000 (2020:
     HK$320,224,000) calculated in accordance with the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands. This includes
     the Company’s share premium account of approximately HK$113,103,000 (2020: HK$299,776,000) which is
     distributable to the shareholders of the Company provided that immediately following the date on which the
     dividend is proposed to be distributed, the Company will be in a position to pay off its debts as and when they
     fall due in the ordinary course of business. The share premium account may also be distributed in the form of
     fully paid bonus shares.

     PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

     There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s articles of association or the laws of
     the Cayman Islands, which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to existing
     shareholders.

     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF SECURITIES

     The Board considers that purchase of its shares by the Company under suitable market condition and funding
     arrangement will enhance net asset value and/or earnings per share of the Company, and thus will benefit the
     Company and the shareholders as a whole. Save for the purchase of 47,038,000 shares which details are set
     out in the next paragraph, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased or sold any of the
     Company’s listed securities for the year ended 31 December 2021.




48     SSY Group Limited
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Company acquired an aggregate of 47,038,000 ordinary shares
through purchases on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) at an aggregate
consideration of HK$187,614,000 which details are set out below. As at 31 December 2021, all of the
47,038,000 shares have been cancelled.

                                     Total number
                                   of the ordinary
                                            shares    Highest price     Lowest price        Aggregate
Date of the purchases                   purchased    paid per share    paid per share    consideration
                                                              (HK$)             (HK$)            (HK$)

13 January 2021                          1,972,000              4.12             4.03        8,056,000
14 January 2021                          2,710,000              4.26             4.03       11,365,000
15 January 2021                          1,450,000              4.34             4.30        6,291,000
18 January 2021                          3,510,000              4.37             4.26       15,338,000
19 January 2021                            486,000              4.44             4.41        2,163,000
20 January 2021                          2,166,000              4.51             4.50        9,794,000
22 January 2021                          1,236,000              4.68             4.62        5,770,000
25 January 2021                          2,616,000              4.70             4.33       11,665,000
26 January 2021                            508,000              4.29             4.28        2,183,000
10 May 2021                                350,000              4.78             4.78        1,679,000
11 May 2021                                222,000              4.85             4.85        1,081,000
13 May 2021                                400,000              5.00             4.99        2,005,000
15 September 2021                        1,500,000              4.43             4.37        6,634,000
20 September 2021                          700,000              4.28             4.24        2,998,000
24 September 2021                          930,000              4.11             4.04        3,799,000
4 October 2021                             800,000              3.89             3.84        3,103,000
12 October 2021                          2,550,000              3.95             3.87       10,024,000
21 October 2021                          2,500,000              4.01             3.92        9,910,000
28 October 2021                          2,502,000              3.70             3.63        9,183,000
1 November 2021                          1,600,000              3.68             3.65        5,870,000
2 November 2021                          1,400,000              3.62             3.56        5,052,000
3 November 2021                          1,550,000              3.61             3.57        5,584,000
4 November 2021                          1,250,000              3.60             3.57        4,495,000
5 November 2021                          2,800,000              3.60             3.51        9,948,000
15 November 2021                         1,300,000              3.73             3.67        4,823,000
26 November 2021                         2,900,000              3.73             3.69       10,819,000
10 December 2021                         2,000,000              3.55             3.48        7,067,000
14 December 2021                         2,130,000              3.44             3.38        7,304,000
17 December 2021                         1,000,000              3.61             3.58        3,611,000

                                        47,038,000                                         187,614,000




                                                                                Annual Report 2021        49
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




     SHARE OPTION SCHEME

     As approved by an ordinary resolution passed by the shareholders at the Extraordinary General Meeting held on
     20 September 2012, the Board had terminated the old share option scheme adopted on 16 October 2005 and
     adopted the existing share option scheme (“Share Option Scheme”).

     Share Option Scheme is valid and remains in force for a period of 10 years from 20 September 2012 (the
     “Scheme Period”) unless terminated earlier by shareholders in general meeting. The purpose of Share Option
     Scheme is to enable the Board to grant share options to the Eligible Person as defined in Share Option Scheme
     including, among others, the directors, employee or proposed employee, consultants or advisers of or to the
     Company or its subsidiaries or any entity in which the Group holds an equity interest, as incentives or rewards for
     their contribution or potential contribution to the development and growth of the Group. The provisions of Share
     Option Scheme comply with the requirements of Chapter 17 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on
     the Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”).

     Pursuant to Share Option Scheme, the offer for grant of options (“Offer”) must be accepted within 30 days
     inclusive of the day on which such offer was made, with a payment of HK$1.00 as consideration for the
     grant. The exercise price of the share option is to be determined by the Board provided always that it shall be
     at least the higher of (i) the closing price of the shares as stated in the daily quotations sheet issued by the
     Stock Exchange for the date of offer of grant, which must be a business day; and (ii) the average closing price
     of the shares as stated in the daily quotations sheets issued by the Stock Exchange for the five business days
     immediately preceding the date of offer of grant provided that the option price per share shall in no event be
     less than the nominal amount of one share. The share options are exercisable at any time during a period as the
     Board may determine in granting the share options but in any event shall not exceed 10 years from the date
     of Offer, subject to the terms and conditions of Share Option Scheme and any conditions of grant as may be
     stipulated by the Board.

     The aggregate number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options granted and yet
     to be exercised under Share Option Scheme and any other schemes shall not exceed 30% of the issued share
     capital of the Company from time to time. The maximum number of shares issuable upon exercise of all options
     to be granted Share Option Scheme and any other schemes as from the commencement of the Scheme Period
     must not, in aggregate, exceed 10% of the shares in issue as at 20 September 2012 (the “Scheme Mandate
     Limit”). The Scheme Mandate Limit may be refreshed at any time by obtaining approval of the shareholders in
     general meeting provided that the new limit under the refreshed Scheme Mandate Limit must not exceed 10%
     of the issued share capital of the Company at the date of the shareholders’ approval. The maximum number of
     shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of the options granted under Share Option Scheme and any other
     schemes to any of the Eligible Person (including cancelled, exercised and outstanding options) in any 12-month
     period up to the date of grant shall not exceed 1% of issued share capital of the Company unless shareholders’
     approval is obtained under the terms of Share Option Scheme.

     On 19 October 2015, the Company granted a total of 122,000,000 share options to two executive directors of
     the Company and other management staff of the Group under Share Option Scheme, representing about 4.33%
     of the issued share capital as at the date immediately before share options were granted. The exercise price
     was HK$1.98. The exercisable period was from 19 October 2015 to 18 October 2018. All of the share options
     granted on 19 October 2015 have been exercised.




50     SSY Group Limited
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)

On 15 April 2016, the Company granted 122,000,000 share options to Mr. Qu Jiguang, the Chairman and the
CEO of the Company, under Share Option Scheme, representing about 4.31% of the issued share capital as
at the date immediately before share options were granted. The exercise price was HK$2.58. The exercisable
period was from 15 April 2016 to 14 April 2021. Such grant of share options was approved by the independent
shareholders at the annual general meeting held on 27 May 2016. During the year ended 31 December 2020,
a total of 32,000,000 share options were exercised by Mr. Qu Jiguang and, as a result, a total of 32,000,000
ordinary shares of the Company was issued. All of the share options granted on 15 April 2016 have been
exercised.

The refreshment of Scheme Mandate Limit was approved at the annual general meeting held on 27 May 2016.
Upon such approval, the Directors were authorised to grant share options to subscribe up to 10% of the issued
share capital as at the date of such approval. Pursuant to the Listing Rules and the Share Option Scheme, share
options previously granted under the Share Option Scheme (including those outstanding, cancelled, lapsed
in accordance with the Share Option Scheme or exercised share options) will not be counted for purpose of
calculating the Scheme Mandate Limit as refreshed. The limit on the number of shares which may be issued upon
exercise of all outstanding share options granted and yet to be exercised under the Share Option Scheme and
any other schemes of the Company must not exceed 30% of the shares in issue from time to time. No share
options may be granted under the Share Option Scheme and any other schemes of the Company if this will result
in the limit being exceeded.

On 12 January 2021 (the “Date of Grant”), the Company granted 100,000,000 share options to certain
management staff of the Group who were not the Directors of the Company at the Date of Grant under Share
Option Scheme, representing approximately 3.285% of the issued share capital as at the date immediately before
share options were granted. The exercise price was HK$4.218. The exercisable period was from 12 January 2021
to 11 January 2026. Subsequent to the Date of Grant, two grantees namely Mr. Meng Guo and Mr. Chow Hing
Yeung were appointed as executive directors of the Company on 27 August 2021. During the year ended 31
December 2021 and up to date of this Annual Report, all of the 100,000,000 share options remain outstanding
and exercisable.

The movement of total number of share options outstanding is shown as follows:

                                                                                     2021                2020

Outstanding at the beginning of the year                                               —           32,000,000
Granted during the year                                                       100,000,000                  —
Exercised during the year                                                              —          (32,000,000)
Lapsed during the year                                                                 —                   —

Outstanding and exercisable at the end of the year                            100,000,000                   —




                                                                                      Annual Report 2021          51
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




     SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)

     The details of share options movements during the year ended 31 December 2021 are shown as follows:

     Directors of the Company

                                                                                    Number of share options
                                    Exercise                         Outstanding      Granted      Exercised      Outstanding
                      Date of       price            Exercisable         at 1 Jan       during        during        at 31 Dec
     Name of Director grant         per share        period                 2021      the year      the year             2021

     Mr. Meng Guo     12 Jan 2021   HK$4.218         12 Jan 2021 –              –   20,000,000                –    20,000,000
                                                       11 Jan 2026

     Mr. Chow Hing    12 Jan 2021   HK$4.218         12 Jan 2021 –              –    2,000,000                –     2,000,000
      Yeung                                            11 Jan 2026

     Employees (not directors of the Company)

                                                                                    Number of share options
                      Exercise                                       Outstanding      Granted      Exercised      Outstanding
     Date of          price            Exercisable                       at 1 Jan       during        during        at 31 Dec
     grant            per share        period                               2021      the year      the year             2021

     12 Jan 2021      HK$4.218         12 Jan 2021 – 11 Jan 2026                –   78,000,000                –    78,000,000

     As at 31 December 2021, the share options granted under Share Option Scheme and remained outstanding had
     an weighted average exercise price of HK$4.218 and a remaining contractual life of approximately 4.03 years.
     Assuming that all share options outstanding as at 31 December 2021 are exercised, the Company will receive
     proceeds of HK$421,800,000.

     RESTRICTED SHARE AWARD SCHEME

     The Company has adopted the Restricted Share Award Scheme on 27 December 2018 (the “Adoption Date”),
     pursuant to which existing shares will be purchased by the trustee from the market out of cash contributed by
     the Group and be held on trust for the participants selected by the Board (the “Selected Participants”) until
     such shares are vested in the relevant Selected Participants in accordance with the terms of the Restricted Share
     Award Scheme. The purpose and objective of the Restricted Share Award Scheme are to provide the Selected
     Participants with an opportunity to acquire a proprietary interest in the Company, to encourage and retain such
     individuals to work with the Company, and to provide additional incentive for them to achieve performance
     goals. The Restricted Share Award Scheme shall terminate upon the expiry of the period of 10 years from the
     Adoption Date.




52     SSY Group Limited
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




RESTRICTED SHARE AWARD SCHEME (Continued)

The Board may, from time to time, at its absolute discretion determine the number of restricted Shares to be
granted and select any participant to be a Selected Participant with such vesting conditions as it may deem
appropriate under the Restricted Share Award Scheme. Participants of the Restricted Share Award Scheme
include any individual being an executive director, employee, officer of the Company or any subsidiary. The
maximum number of shares which the trustee may purchase with funds contributed by the Group amounts
to 60,280,507 Shares, representing 2% of the Company’s issued share capital as at the Adoption Date. The
maximum number of shares which may be granted to a Selected Participant at any one time or in aggregate
may not exceed 1% of the issued share capital of the Company as at the Adoption Date, and the transactions
involved shall be in compliance with the requirements of Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules if they fell under the
definition of “connected transactions” in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

Since the adoption of the Restricted Share Award Scheme and as at 31 December 2021, no share has been
purchased by the trustee and no share has been awarded to any Selected Participants pursuant to the Restricted
Share Award Scheme.

DIRECTORS

The Directors during the year ended 31 December 2021 and up to the date of this Annual Report were:

Executive Directors

Mr. Qu Jiguang
Mr. Su Xuejun
Mr. Meng Guo (appointed on 27 August 2021)
Mr. Chow Hing Yeung (appointed on 27 August 2021)
Mr. Wang Xianjun (resigned on 27 August 2021)

Non-executive Director

Mr. Feng Hao

Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. Wang Yibing
Mr. Leung Chong Shun
Mr. Chow Kwok Wai

Pursuant to Article 86(3) of the Company’s articles of association, Mr. Meng Guo and Mr. Chow Hing Yeung will
retire from office in the forthcoming annual general meeting. Pursuant to Article 87 of the Company’s articles
of association, Mr. Qu Jiguang and Mr. Su Xuejun will retire from office by rotation in the forthcoming annual
general meeting. All of them, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election in the forthcoming annual general
meeting.

The Company has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors an annual confirmation of
his independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules, and the Company considers the independent
non-executive Directors to be independent.




                                                                                       Annual Report 2021          53
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




     BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

     Biographical details of directors and senior management are set out on pages 19 to 20.

     PERMITTED INDEMNITY

     The Company has arranged for appropriate insurance cover for Directors’ and officers’ liabilities in respect of
     legal actions against its Directors and Senior Management arising out of corporate activities. Every Director shall
     be entitled to be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all losses or liabilities which he/she may
     sustain or incur in or about the execution of the duties of his/her office or otherwise in relation thereto.

     DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS

     Each of the Directors has entered into a service agreement with the Company for an initial term of 3 years
     commencing from the appointment date renewable for successive terms of 3 years commencing from the day
     next after the expiry of the then current term of the appointment.

     Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company which
     is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation other than statutory
     compensation.

     DIRECTORS’ MATERIAL INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS

     Save as disclosed in note 29 to the financial statements, no transaction, arrangement or contracts of significance
     in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in which a
     Director had a material interests, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time
     during the year.

     DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS

     Pursuant to Rule 8.10 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
     Limited (the “Listing Rules”), the interest of Directors of the Company in businesses which was likely to compete
     with the Group during the year ended 31 December 2021 and as at 31 December 2021 were as follows:

     Non-executive Director, Mr. Feng Hao (who was appointed on 24 November 2017), has been a deputy general
     manager and the secretary to the board of directors of Sichuan Kelun Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Sichuan Kelun”,
     a substantial shareholder of the Company) since April 2014. Sichuan Kelun is engaged in the same industry
     of manufacturing and selling of intravenous infusion solution as the Group. Although some of the business
     conducted by Sichuan Kelun are similar to those conducted by the Group, most of them are of different kinds
     of products and/or at different locations. The Group has been operating independently of, and at the arm’s
     length from, the businesses of Sichuan Kelun. Furthermore, all Directors of the Company are reminded of their
     fiduciary duties to the Group and that they must, in the performance of their duties of directors, avoid actual
     and potential conflicts of interest and duty. There are three Independent non-executive Directors in the Board to
     ensure that the interests of the general shareholders are adequately represented. Therefore, the Board is of the
     view that the interests of the Group and of the shareholders as a whole are properly safeguarded.

     Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2021 and up to the date of this Annual Report, none of the
     Directors are considered to be in businesses which compete or are likely to compete, either directly or indirectly,
     with the businesses of the Group.




54     SSY Group Limited
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS IN THE SHARES

As at 31 December 2021, the interests of the Directors in the share capital of the Company and its associated
corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”)) as recorded in the
register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the
Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed
Issuers (“Model Code”) as set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules once the shares are listed, were as follows:

                                                                                                                Approximate
                                                                                            Number of             percentage
                                                                                            shares and          of the issued
                                                                    Long/short              underlying           share capital
Name of Director               Capacity                             position               shares held       of the Company

Mr. Qu Jiguang                 Beneficial owner                     Long                   277,746,000                  9.27%
                               Interest in a controlled             Long                   796,524,000                 26.58%
                                 corporation (Note 1)

Mr. Su Xuejun                  Beneficial owner                     Long                    24,416,000                   0.81%

Mr. Meng Guo                   Beneficial owner (Note 2)            Long                    20,000,000                   0.67%

Mr. Chow Hing Yeung            Beneficial owner (Note 2)            Long                     2,000,000                   0.07%

Note:

1.      These shares were registered in the name of and beneficially owned by China Pharmaceutical Company
        Limited (“CPCL”). CPCL is a corporation which Mr. Qu Jiguang controls (i.e. a controlled corporation as defined in Part
        XV of the SFO) as Mr. Qu Jiguang beneficially holds the majority (i.e. over 50%) of the shares of CPCL. By virtue of Part
        XV of the SFO, Mr. Qu Jiguang is deemed to be interested in the shares held by CPCL.

2.      These represent the underlying interest in shares of the Company pursuant to share options granted, among others, to
        Mr. Meng Guo and Mr. Chow Hing Yeung on 12 January 2021 under the Share Option Scheme. As at 31 December
        2021 and up to date of this Annual Report, all of these share options remain outstanding and exercisable.

Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2021, none of the Directors or chief executives of the Company
had an interest or short position in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its
associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which were required (a) to be notified to the
Company or the Stock Exchange pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to
therein, or (b) pursuant to the Model Code to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange.

DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES AND DEBENTURES

Save as disclosed under the sections headed “Directors’ and chief executives’ interests in the shares” and “Share
option scheme”, at no time during the year ended 31 December 2021 were rights to acquire benefits by means
of the acquisition of shares or debentures of the Company granted to any Directors or their respective spouse or
minor children, or were any such rights exercised by them; or was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party
to any arrangement to enable the Directors of the Company to acquire such rights in any other body corporate.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2021              55
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




     SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSON’S INTERESTS IN THE SHARES

     As at 31 December 2021, the register of substantial shareholders required to be kept by the Company under
     section 336 of the SFO shows that the Company had been notified of the following interests, being 5% or more
     in the issued share capital and underlying shares of the Company.

                                                                                                                         Approximate
                                                                                                    Number of              percentage
                                                                                                    shares and           of the issued
                                                                          Long/short                underlying            share capital
     Name of Shareholder             Capacity                             position                 shares held        of the Company

     Mr. Qu Jiguang                  Beneficial owner                     Long                     277,746,000                  9.27%
                                     Interest in a controlled             Long                     796,524,000                 26.58%
                                       corporation (Note 1)

     CPCL (Note 1)                   Beneficial owner                     Long                     796,524,000                 26.58%

     Sichuan Kelun                   Interest in a controlled             Long                     446,852,000                 14.91%
       Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd         corporation (Note 2)
      （四川科倫藥業股份                      Beneficial owner                     Long                     159,870,000                   5.33%
       有限公司）

     Kelun International    Beneficial owner                              Long                     446,852,000                 14.91%
       Development Co., Ltd
      （科倫國際發展有限公司）
       (Note 2)

     UBS Group AG (Note 3)           Interest in a controlled             Long                     291,635,808                   9.73%
                                       corporation

     Notes:

     1.       These shares were registered in the name of and beneficially owned by CPCL. CPCL is a corporation which Mr. Qu
              Jiguang controls (i.e. a controlled corporation as defined in Part XV of the SFO) as Mr. Qu Jiguang beneficially holds the
              majority (i.e. over 50%) of the shares of CPCL. By virtue of Part XV of the SFO, Mr. Qu Jiguang is deemed to be
              interested in the shares held by CPCL

     2.       These shares were registered in the name of and beneficially owned by Kelun International Development Co., Ltd. (科倫
              國際發展有限公司). Kelun International Development Co., Ltd. (科倫國際發展有限公司) is held as to 100% by Sichuan
              Kelun Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (四川科倫藥業股份有限公司).

     3.       Among the interests of UBS Group AG in the Company, 496,000 shares were held through cash settled derivatives (off
              exchange).




56        SSY Group Limited
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS

The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set out
in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules (the “Model Code”). Having made specific enquiry with all Directors, the
Directors confirmed that they had complied with the required standard set out in the Model Code during the
year ended 31 December 2021.

MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group’s revenue attributable to its largest customer and its
five largest customers are less than 10% and 30% respectively of its total revenue, and the Group’s purchases
attributable to its largest supplier and its five largest suppliers are less than 10% and 30% respectively of its total
purchases.

None of the Directors, their associates or any shareholders (which owns more than 5% of the Company’s
shareholding to the knowledge of the Directors) has interests in the Group’s five largest customers and suppliers
during the year.

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

During the year ended 31 December 2021, certain related party transactions as disclosed in note 29 to the
financial statements also fell under the definition of “connected transactions” or “continuing connected
transaction” in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, details of which are set out below in compliance with the
requirements of Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

Continuing connected transaction — Master Sale and Purchase Agreement with Sichuan Kelun

As the term of the previous Master Sale and Purchase Agreement has expired on 31 December 2020, the
Company has entered into the Master Sale and Purchase Agreement with Sichuan Kelun, a substantial
shareholder (as defined under the Listing Rules) of the Company, on 14 April 2021 in respect of the Continuing
Connected Transactions between the Group and Sichuan Kelun together with its subsidiaries (the “Kelun
Group”) for a term from 14 April 2021 to 31 December 2023. Pursuant to the basic terms of the Master Sale
and Purchase Agreement, the Group and the Kelun Group agreed to the sale and purchase of pharmaceutical
materials on a non-exclusive basis, subject to the entering into of individual implementation contracts as agreed
between members of the Group and that of the Kelun Group. The Master Sale and Purchase Agreement and
the Continuing Connected Transactions contemplated thereunder were approved in the extraordinary general
meeting of the Company held on 21 May 2021.

The unit prices of the pharmaceutical materials purchased by the Company are determined based on the
prevailing market prices from time to time for the relevant materials of similar quantities and specifications to
ensure that such prices and terms for pharmaceutical materials to be offered by the Kelun Group are no less
favourable to the Group than those offered by other independent third-party suppliers. The unit prices of the
pharmaceutical materials purchased by the Kelun Group shall be determined with reference to the prices of
relevant comparable materials in the price lists of relevant material adopted by the Company and generally
applicable to all customers of the Company at the material time.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2021            57
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transaction — Master Sale and Purchase Agreement with Sichuan Kelun
     (Continued)

     For the year ended 31 December 2021, total purchase from the Kelun Group by the Group and total sales to the
     Kelun Group by the Group were RMB176,107,000 and RMB30,959,000 respectively, which did not exceed the
     annual caps of RMB360,500,000 and RMB48,500,000 respectively prescribed for the period ended 31 December
     2021 under the Master Sale and Purchase Agreement.

     The independent non-executive Directors have confirmed that the aforesaid Continuing Connected Transactions
     were conducted (a) in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group; (b) on normal commercial terms;
     (c) in accordance with the Master Sale and Purchase Agreement governing them on terms that are fair and
     reasonable and in the interests of the shareholders of the Company as a whole and (d) with adequate and
     effective internal control procedures put in place.

     The Board of Directors engaged the auditors of the Company to perform certain factual finding procedures
     on the above continuing connected transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance
     Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial
     Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions
     under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The
     auditors have issued an unqualified letter containing their findings and conclusions to the Board of Directors. A
     copy of the auditors’ letter has been provided by the Company to the Stock Exchange.

     MANAGEMENT CONTRACT

     No contract for management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of any business of the
     Group was entered into or existed during the year.

     SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

     Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors,
     it is confirmed that a sufficient public float of more than 25% of the issued capital of the Company has been
     maintained as at the latest practicable date, being 29 March 2022, and at all times during the year ended 31
     December 2021.

     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

     The Board is committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance. The Board believes that good
     corporate governance practices are essential for the growth of the Group and for safeguarding and maximizing
     shareholders’ interests. The Board reviews its corporate governance practices from time to time in order to meet
     the stakeholders’ expectations and comply with the latest regulatory requirements, and to fulfill its commitment
     to a high standard of corporate governance. The Company’s corporate governance practices are set out in the
     Corporate Governance Report on pages 21 to 32.




58     SSY Group Limited
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




AUDITOR

The consolidated financial statements for the year have been audited by KPMG. The audited consolidated
financial statements have been reviewed by the Audit Committee of the Company.

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

The forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company will be held at 2:00 p.m. on 23 May 2022 at Rooms
4902-03, 49th Floor, Central Plaza, 18 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong. A notice of annual general meeting
will be published and despatched in accordance with the requirement of the Listing Rules in due course.

CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS

The register of members of the Company will be closed from Wednesday, 18 May 2022 to Monday, 23 May
2022, both dates inclusive, during which period, no transfer of shares will be registered. In order to qualify to
attend and vote at the forthcoming annual general meeting, all properly completed transfer forms accompanied
by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s branch share registrar and transfer office
in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell
Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong by no later than 4:30 p.m., Tuesday, 17 May 2022.

RECORD DATE FOR FINAL DIVIDEND

In order to qualify for the proposed final dividend to be approved at the forthcoming annual general meeting,
all properly completed transfer forms, accompanied by the relevant share certificates, must be lodged with the
Company’s branch share registrar and transfer office in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services
Limited at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong by no
later than 4:30 p.m., Thursday, 26 May 2022 which is the Record Date for the proposed final dividend. The
proposed final dividend is expected to be paid on or about Wednesday, 8 June 2022.




On behalf of the Board



Qu Jiguang
Chairman

Hong Kong, 29 March 2022




                                                                                       Annual Report 2021           59
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




     Independent auditor’s report
     to the shareholders of SSY Group Limited
     (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

     Opinion

     We have audited the consolidated financial statements of SSY Group Limited (“the Company”) and its
     subsidiaries (“the Group”) set out on pages 66 to 151, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial
     position as at 31 December 2021, the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income,
     the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated cash flow statement for the year then
     ended and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

     In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
     position of the Group as at 31 December 2021 and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated
     cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”)
     issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared
     in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

     Basis for opinion

     We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA.
     Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of
     the consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with
     the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the Code”) together with any ethical requirements
     that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial statements in the Cayman Islands, and we have
     fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the Code. We believe that
     the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

     Key audit matters

     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit
     of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of
     our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do
     not provide a separate opinion on these matters.




60     SSY Group Limited
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




Timing of revenue recognition

Refer to note 4 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on pages 97 to 98.

The Key Audit Matter                                           How the matter was addressed in our audit

The Group’s revenue principally comprises sales of             Our audit procedures to assess the timing of revenue
intravenous infusion solution to a significant number          recognition included the following:
of distributors and hospitals.
                                                               •   obtaining an understanding of and assessing
T he Gr oup e n te rs i n to fra m e wo rk d i s tri buti on       the design, implementation and operating
agreements with certain of its major distributors                  effectiveness of management’s key internal
which specify the terms of sales relating to pricing,              controls in relation to revenue recognition;
goods acceptance and return, as well as credit terms.
Sales to the remainder of the Group’s customers are            •   inspecting a sample of framework distribution
based on terms and conditions included in purchase                 agreements and purchase orders with key
orders. The Group’s sales contracts do not include                 customers to identify terms and conditions
terms relating to discounts or rebates and do not                  relating to goods acceptance and the right of
permit sales returns except for where the products                 return and assessing the Group’s policies in
are damaged or defective.                                          respect of the timing of recognition of revenue
                                                                   with reference to the requirements of the
The Group recognises revenue at the point in time                  prevailing accounting standards;
when control of the goods is transferred to the
customer. Depending on the terms of the contract,              •   comparing, on a sample basis, specific revenue
this point in time will either be when the customer                transactions recorded before and after the
collects the goods from the warehouse, when the                    financial year end date with underlying
goods are delivered to a location designated by the                documentation, including goods delivery notes
customer or when the goods are delivered to and                    and goods acceptance notes, to assess whether
have been accepted by the customers.                               revenue had been recognised in the appropriate
                                                                   financial period on the basis of the terms of
We identified the timing of revenue recognition as                 sale as set out in the framework distribution
a key audit matter because of the differing terms of               agreements or purchase orders; and
trade offered by the Group to its customers which
increases the risk that revenue may be recognised              •   inspecting manual journal entries relating to
before the control of the goods has been transferred               revenue raised during the year which were
to the customers and because the impact of any                     considered to be material or met other specific
errors in the timing of revenue recognition could be               risk-based criteria, enquiring of management
material to the consolidated financial statements.                 the reasons for such adjustments and comparing
                                                                   the details of the adjustments with relevant
                                                                   underlying documentation.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2021        61
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




     Expected credit loss (“ECL”) allowance for trade receivables

     Refer to notes 16 and 27(a) to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on pages 85
     to 88.

     The Key Audit Matter                                     How the matter was addressed in our audit

     As at 31 December 2021, the gross amount of the          Our audit procedures to assess the expected credit
     Group’s trade receivables totalled HK$1,954.3 million,   loss allowance for trade receivables included the
     against which HK$10.3 million for expected credit        following:
     losses was made. The carrying value of the Group’s
     trade receivables represented approximately 18.2% of     •   obtaining an understanding of and assessing
     the total assets as at 31 December 2021.                     the design, implementation and operating
                                                                  effectiveness of key internal controls relating to
     The Group’s loss allowance is measured at an amount          credit control, debt collection and the estimation
     equal to ECL of the trade receivables based on               of the expected credit loss allowance;
     management’s estimated loss rates for each category
     of trade receivables grouped according to the shared     •   evaluating the Group’s policy for estimating
     credit risk characteristics. The estimated loss rates        the credit loss allowance with reference to
     take into account the aging of the trade receivables,        the requirements of the prevailing accounting
     overdue balances, information regarding the ability          standard;
     and intent of the debtor to pay, historical data on
     default rates, current market conditions and forward-    •   re-performing the calculation of the loss
     looking information.                                         allowance as at 31 December 2021 based on the
                                                                  Group’s credit loss allowance policies;
     Management is required to apply judgement in
     assessing the loss allowance for trade receivables       •   assessing the trade receivables ageing report by
     under the ECL model. The ability of the debtors              group based on shared credit risk characteristics
     to repay the Group depends on shared credit risk             and the days past due by comparing the details
     characteristics of trade receivables groups and market       of individual items with underlying invoices on a
     conditions which involves inherent uncertainty.              sample basis;

                                                              •   obtaining an understanding of the basis of
     We identified the expected credit loss allowance
                                                                  management’s approach to measuring ECLs
     for trade receivables as a key audit matter because
                                                                  of trade receivable balances and evaluating
     determining the level of the loss allowance requires
                                                                  the loss allowance made by management with
     the exercise of significant management judgement
                                                                  reference to the industry in which the debtors
     which is inherently subjective.
                                                                  are operating, customer credit risk characteristics,
                                                                  ageing of receivables, overdue balances, historical
                                                                  and post year-end payment records; and

                                                              •   assessing the appropriateness of management’s
                                                                  estimates of loss allowance by examining the
                                                                  information used by management to derive such
                                                                  estimates, including testing the accuracy of the
                                                                  historical default data and evaluating whether
                                                                  the historical loss rates are appropriately adjusted
                                                                  based on current market conditions and forward-
                                                                  looking information.



62   SSY Group Limited
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




Information other than the consolidated financial statements and auditor’s report thereon

The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all the information
included in the annual report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially
misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

Responsibilities of the directors for the consolidated financial statements

The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true
and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong
Kong Companies Ordinance and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud
or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability
to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or
have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s
financial reporting process.

Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
includes our opinion. This report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume
responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2021           63
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




     Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements (continued)

     Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
     with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or
     error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to
     influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

     As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
     scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

     •      Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
            due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
            evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting
            a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may
            involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

     •      Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
            that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
            effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

     •      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
            and related disclosures made by the directors.

     •      Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
            based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
            conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we
            conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to
            the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate,
            to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
            auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a
            going concern.

     •      Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
            the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions
            and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

     •      Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
            business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We
            are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely
            responsible for our audit opinion.




64       SSY Group Limited
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements (continued)

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify
during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
thought to bear on our independence and, where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards
applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not
be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Tse, Wong Pui.




KPMG

Certified Public Accountants

8th Floor, Prince’s Building
10 Chater Road
Central, Hong Kong

29 March 2022




                                                                                           Annual Report 2021           65
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
     AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
     for the year ended 31 December 2021
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                                           2021          2020
                                                               Note     HK$’000       HK$’000

     Revenue                                                    4      5,356,763     4,260,898
     Cost of sales                                                    (2,186,517)   (1,552,523)

     Gross profit                                                     3,170,246     2,708,375

     Other income                                               5         84,291        71,717
     Selling and distribution costs                                   (1,707,028)   (1,613,294)
     General and administrative expenses                                (309,941)     (281,339)
     Research and development costs                                     (247,992)     (126,901)
     (Provision for)/reversal of impairment loss on trade,
       bill and other receivables                                         (1,491)         324

     Profit from operations                                             988,085       758,882

     Finance income                                                       16,184        17,805
     Finance costs                                                       (61,298)      (51,472)

     Finance costs – net                                       6(a)      (45,114)      (33,667)
     Share of profit of an associate                                       5,426             –

     Profit before taxation                                     6       948,397       725,215

     Income tax                                                 7      (160,104)     (114,396)

     Profit for the year                                                788,293       610,819

     Other comprehensive income for the year, net of nil tax

     Item that is or may be reclassified subsequently to
        profit or loss:
        Exchange differences on translation to presentation
          currency                                                      212,625       418,623

     Other comprehensive income for the year                            212,625       418,623

     Total comprehensive income for the year                          1,000,918     1,029,442




66     SSY Group Limited
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
for the year ended 31 December 2021
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                                                  2021                2020
                                                              Note             HK$’000             HK$’000

Profit attributable to:

Equity shareholders of the Company                                              785,533            611,971
Non-controlling interests                                                         2,760             (1,152)

Profit for the year                                                             788,293            610,819

Total comprehensive income attributable to:

Equity shareholders of the Company                                              990,390           1,014,508
Non-controlling interests                                                        10,528              14,934

Total comprehensive income for the year                                       1,000,918           1,029,442

Earnings per share                                             10

– Basic                                                                      HK$0.2599           HK$0.2019

– Diluted                                                                    HK$0.2591           HK$0.2012




The notes on pages 72 to 151 form part of these financial statements. Details of dividends payable to equity
shareholders of the Company attributable to the profit for the year are set out in note 26(b).




                                                                                    Annual Report 2021         67
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
     for the year ended 31 December 2021
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                           31 December    31 December
                                                                  2021           2020
                                                   Note        HK$’000        HK$’000

     Non-current assets

     Property, plant and equipment                  11        4,051,004     3,836,141
     Right-of-use assets                            11          331,387       333,382
     Intangible assets                              12          907,196       685,389
     Interests in an associate                      14          441,694             –
     Deferred tax assets                           24(b)         30,930        20,863
     Pledged bank deposits and fixed deposits       18           62,589       119,335

                                                              5,824,800     4,995,110

     Current assets

     Inventories                                    15          827,504       638,301
     Trade and bills receivables                    16        2,023,941     1,813,313
     Prepayments, deposits and other receivables    17          299,811       294,709
     Pledged bank deposits and time deposits        18           70,928        66,369
     Cash and cash equivalents                      19        1,661,736     1,445,905

                                                              4,883,920     4,258,597

     Current liabilities

     Borrowings                                     20        1,414,438     1,327,115
     Trade and bills payables                       21          401,685       240,562
     Contract liabilities                                        94,333        45,929
     Lease liabilities                              23            2,809         3,664
     Accruals and other payables                    22          423,788       469,591
     Income tax payable                            24(a)         57,302        30,883

                                                              2,394,355     2,117,744

     Net current assets                                       2,489,565     2,140,853

     Total assets less current liabilities                    8,314,365     7,135,963




68     SSY Group Limited
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
for the year ended 31 December 2021
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                        31 December         31 December
                                                                               2021                2020
                                                                Note        HK$’000             HK$’000

Non-current liabilities

Borrowings                                                       20         1,688,757         1,099,957
Lease liabilities                                                23             1,801             4,610
Deferred tax liabilities                                        24(b)          21,409            19,348
Deferred revenue                                                 25           109,690            96,837

                                                                            1,821,657         1,220,752

NET ASSETS                                                                  6,492,708         5,915,211

CAPITAL AND RESERVES

Share capital                                                   26(c)          66,741            67,682
Reserves                                                                    6,152,122         5,584,354

Total equity attributable to equity shareholders
  of the Company                                                            6,218,863         5,652,036

Non-controlling interests                                                       273,845         263,175

TOTAL EQUITY                                                                6,492,708         5,915,211



Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 29 March 2022.




                       Qu Jiguang                                        Su Xuejun
                        Director                                          Director




The notes on pages 72 to 151 form part of these financial statements.




                                                                                   Annual Report 2021     69
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
     for the year ended 31 December 2021
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                                     Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                                                                     Share-
                                                                                                                     based       Currency                                   Non-
                                                                Share       Share      Capital Statutory           payment translation       Retained                 controlling       Total
                                                               capital   premium       reserve        reserve       reserve differences      earnings        Total      interests      equity
                                                   Note       HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000

     Balance at 1 January 2020                                 67,454     417,589    177,182        246,971          7,040      (357,330) 4,427,516      4,986,422      200,726     5,187,148

     Changes in equity for 2020:

       Profit for the year                                           –          –           –              –             –            –      611,971      611,971        (1,152)     610,819
       Other comprehensive income                                    –          –           –              –             –      402,537            –      402,537        16,086      418,623

     Total comprehensive income                                      –          –           –              –             –      402,537      611,971     1,014,508       14,934     1,029,442

     Capital contribution from non-controlling
       interests                                                    –           –         268              –             –             –            –         268        47,515       47,783
     Shares issued under share option scheme     26(c)(iii)       640      88,960           –              –        (7,040)            –            –      82,560             –       82,560
     Dividends paid to equity shareholders of
       the Company                                26(b)             –    (108,323)          –             –              –             –     (224,537)    (332,860)            –     (332,860)
     Purchase and cancellation of own shares     26(c)(ii)       (412)    (98,450)          –             –              –             –            –      (98,862)            –      (98,862)
     Transfer to statutory reserve                                  –           –           –         5,751              –             –       (5,751)           –             –            –

     Balance at 31 December 2020                               67,682     299,776    177,450        252,722              –        45,207    4,809,199    5,652,036      263,175     5,915,211

                                                                                  Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                                                                 Share-
                                                                                                                  based Currency                                        Non-
                                                                Share       Share     Capital Statutory payment translation Retained                              controlling          Total
                                                   Note        capital   premium     reserve       reserve      reserve differences earnings                Total interests           equity
                                                              HK$’000     HK$’000   HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000  HK$’000              HK$’000   HK$’000          HK$’000

     Balance at 1 January 2021                                 67,682     299,776    177,450        252,722              –        45,207    4,809,199    5,652,036      263,175     5,915,211

     Changes in equity for 2021:

       Profit for the year                                           –          –           –              –             –            –      785,533      785,533          2,760     788,293
       Other comprehensive income                                    –          –           –              –             –      204,857            –      204,857          7,768     212,625

     Total comprehensive income                                      –          –           –              –             –      204,857      785,533      990,390        10,528     1,000,918

     Capital contribution in a subsidiary                            –          –      (3,082)             –             –             –            –       (3,082)        3,082            –
     Dividends paid to equity shareholders of
       the Company                                26(b)              –          –           –              –             –             –    (302,610)    (302,610)             –    (302,610)
     Dividends paid by subsidiary to
       non-controlling interests                                    –           –           –              –            –              –            –           –         (2,940)     (2,940)
     Purchase and cancellation of own shares     26(c)(ii)       (941)   (186,673)          –              –            –              –            –    (187,614)             –    (187,614)
     Grant of share options                      26(d)(iii)         –           –           –              –       67,050              –            –      67,050              –      67,050
     Share of capital reserve of interests
       in an associate                                               –          –       2,693             –              –             –            –        2,693             –        2,693
     Transfer to statutory reserve                                   –          –           –        96,814              –             –      (96,814)           –             –            –

     Balance at 31 December 2021                               66,741     113,103    177,061        349,536        67,050       250,064     5,195,308    6,218,863      273,845     6,492,708

     The notes on pages 72 to 151 form part of these financial statements.




70      SSY Group Limited
CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
for the year ended 31 December 2021
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                                 2021            2020
                                                                 Note         HK$’000         HK$’000

Operating activities

Cash generated from operations                                  19(b)         901,308          720,290
Interest paid                                                                 (62,850)         (54,070)
Income tax paid                                                 24(a)        (142,832)        (161,661)

Net cash generated from operating activities                                  695,626          504,559

Investing activities

Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                    (169,696)        (214,688)
Payment for additions to intangible assets                                   (218,627)        (106,836)
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                           453              333
Government grant received related to property, plant and
  equipment                                                       25           39,002           30,493
Payment for investment in an associate                            14         (427,484)               –
Interest received                                                              24,707           22,977
Decrease/(increase) of time deposits and fixed deposits                        84,405          (44,665)
Payment for purchase of equity securities                                     (24,001)               –
Proceeds from sale of equity securities                                        34,717                –

Net cash used in investing activities                                        (656,524)        (312,386)

Financing activities

Proceeds from exercise of share options                        26(c)(iii)            –          82,560
Payments for repurchase of own shares of the Company           26(c)(ii)      (187,614)        (98,862)
Capital element of lease rentals paid                           19(c)           (3,678)         (3,506)
Interest element of lease rentals paid                          19(c)             (267)           (313)
Proceeds from borrowings                                        19(c)        2,220,945       1,664,273
Repayments of borrowings                                        19(c)       (1,587,706)       (992,722)
Dividends paid to equity shareholders of the Company            26(b)         (302,610)       (332,860)
Dividends paid by subsidiary to non-controlling interests                       (2,940)              –
Proceeds from capital contribution from non-controlling
  interests                                                                          –          47,783

Net cash generated from financing activities                                  136,130          366,353

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                     175,232          558,526

Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January                                      1,445,905          817,429

Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                        40,599           69,950

Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December                        19(a)       1,661,736        1,445,905




The notes on pages 72 to 151 form part of these financial statements.




                                                                                  Annual Report 2021      71
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




     1      GENERAL INFORMATION

            SSY Group Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”) are engaged in the
            research, development, manufacturing and selling of a wide range of pharmaceutical products, which
            includes finished medicines, bulk pharmaceuticals and medical materials. The Group has manufacturing
            plants in Hebei Province and Jiangsu Province, the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), and sells to
            customers mainly in the PRC.

            The Company is an exempted company with limited liability established under the Companies Law, Cap.22
            (Law 3 of 1961, as combined and revised) of Cayman Islands. The address of the Company’s registered
            office is Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, P.O. Box 2681, Grand Cayman KY1-1111, Cayman Islands.

            The Company’s shares have been listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock
            Exchange”) since 20 December 2005.

     2      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

            (a)   Statement of compliance

                  These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with all applicable Hong Kong
                  Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”), which collective term includes all applicable individual
                  Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and
                  Interpretations issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”),
                  accounting principles generally accepted in Hong Kong and the disclosure requirements of the
                  Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. These financial statements also comply with the applicable
                  disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (the
                  “Listing Rules”). Significant accounting policies adopted by the Group are disclosed below.

                  The HKICPA has issued certain amendments to HKFRSs that are first effective or available for early
                  adoption for the current accounting period of the Group. Note 2(c) provides information on any
                  changes in accounting policies resulting from initial application of these developments to the extent
                  that they are relevant to the Group for the current accounting period reflected in these financial
                  statements.

            (b)   Basis of preparation of the financial statements

                  The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 comprise the
                  Company and its subsidiaries.

                  The measurement basis used in the preparation of the financial statements is the historical cost
                  basis except as set out in the accounting policies hereunder.

                  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with HKFRSs requires management to
                  make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported
                  amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. The estimates and associated assumptions are
                  based on historical experience and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under
                  the circumstances, the results of which form the basis of making the judgements about carrying
                  values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may
                  differ from these estimates.




72       SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




2     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

      (b)    Basis of preparation of the financial statements (continued)

             The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to
             accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision
             affects only that period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects
             both current and future periods.

             Judgements made by management in the application of HKFRSs that have significant effect on the
             financial statements and major sources of estimation uncertainty are discussed in note 3.

      (c)    Changes in accounting policies

             The Group has applied the following amendments to HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA to these
             financial statements for the current accounting period:

             •      Amendments to HKFRS 9, HKAS 39, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 4 and HKFRS 16, Interest rate
                    benchmark reform – phase 2

             •      Amendment to HKFRS 16, Covid-19-related rent concessions beyond 30 June 2021

             None of these developments have had a material effect on how the Group’s results and financial
             position for the current or prior periods have been prepared or presented. The Group has not
             applied any new standard or interpretation that is not yet effective for the current accounting
             period.

      (d)    Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests

             (i)    Consolidation

                    A subsidiary is an entity (including a structured entity) over which the Group has control.
                    The Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns
                    from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through
                    its power over the entity. Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which control is
                    transferred to the Group. They are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.

                    –      Business combinations

                           The Group applies the acquisition method to account for business combinations.
                           The consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary is the fair values of
                           the assets transferred, the liabilities incurred to the former owners of the acquiree
                           and the equity interests issued by the Group. The consideration transferred includes
                           the fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration
                           arrangement. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities
                           assumed in a business combination are measured initially at their fair values at the
                           acquisition date.




                                                                                        Annual Report 2021           73
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




     2      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

            (d)   Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests (continued)

                  (i)    Consolidation (continued)

                         –      Business combinations (continued)

                                The Group recognises any non-controlling interest in the acquiree on an acquisition-
                                by-acquisition basis. Non-controlling interests in the acquiree that are present
                                ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate share of the entity’s
                                net assets in the event of liquidation are measured at either fair value or the
                                present ownership interests’ proportionate share in the recognised amounts of the
                                acquiree’s identifiable net assets. All other components of non-controlling interests
                                are measured at their acquisition date fair value, unless another measurement basis is
                                required by HKFRSs.

                                Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.

                                If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date carrying value
                                of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree is remeasured to fair
                                value at the acquisition date; any gains or losses arising from such re-measurement
                                are recognised in profit or loss. Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the
                                Group is recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. Subsequent changes to the
                                fair value of the contingent consideration that is deemed to be an asset or liability
                                is recognised in accordance with HKAS 39 either in profit or loss or as a change to
                                other comprehensive income. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is
                                not remeasured, and its subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity.

                                The excess of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling
                                interest in the acquiree and the acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity
                                interest in the acquiree over the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired is
                                recorded as goodwill. If the total of consideration transferred, non-controlling interest
                                recognised and previously held interest measured is less than the fair value of the net
                                assets of the subsidiary acquired in the case of a bargain purchase, the difference is
                                recognised directly in profit or loss.

                                Inter-group transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between
                                group companies are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the
                                transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the transferred asset. When
                                necessary, amounts represented by subsidiaries have been adjusted to conform with
                                the Group’s accounting policies.

                         –      Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries without change of control

                                Transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of control
                                are accounted for as equity transaction that is, as transactions with the owners of
                                the subsidiary in their capacity as owners. The difference between fair value of any
                                consideration paid and the relevant share acquired of the carrying value of net assets
                                of the subsidiary is recorded in equity. Gains or losses on disposals to non-controlling
                                interests are also recorded in equity.




74       SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




2     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

      (d)    Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests (continued)

             (i)    Consolidation (continued)

                    –      Disposal of subsidiaries

                           When the Group ceases to have control, any retained interest in the entity is
                           remeasured to its fair value at the date when control is lost, with the change in
                           carrying amount recognised in profit or loss. The fair value is the initial carrying
                           amount for the purposes of subsequently accounting for the retained interest as
                           an associate, joint venture or financial asset. In addition, any amounts previously
                           recognised in other comprehensive income in respect of that entity are accounted for
                           as if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. This may mean
                           that amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to
                           profit or loss.

             (ii)   Company’s statement of financial position

                    Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment (see note 2(k)). Cost
                    also includes direct attributable costs of investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted
                    for by the Company on the basis of dividend received and receivable.

                    Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required when there is any indication
                    that the investment is impaired or upon receiving a dividend from these investments if
                    the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the
                    dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial
                    statements exceeds the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the
                    investee’s net assets including goodwill.

      (e)    Segment reporting

             Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the
             Group’s most senior executive management for the purpose of allocating resources and assessing
             performance of the operating segments.

             Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes
             unless the segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature
             of products and services, the nature of production processes, the type or class of customers, the
             methods used to distribute the products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory
             environment. Operating segments which are not individually material may be aggregated if they
             share a majority of these criteria.




                                                                                          Annual Report 2021           75
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




     2      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

            (f)   Associates

                  An associate is an entity in which the Group has significant influence, but not control or joint
                  control, over its management, including participation in the financial and operating policy
                  decisions.

                  An investment in an associate is accounted for in the consolidated financial statements under
                  the equity method, unless it is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group that is
                  classified as held for sale). Under the equity method, the investment is initially recorded at cost,
                  adjusted for any excess of the Group’s share of the acquisition-date fair values of the investee’s
                  identifiable net assets over the cost of the investment (if any). The cost of the investment includes
                  purchase price, other costs directly attributable to the acquisition of the investment, and any
                  direct investment into the associate that forms part of the Group’s equity investment. Thereafter,
                  the investment is adjusted for the post acquisition change in the Group’s share of the investee’s
                  net assets and any impairment loss relating to the investment (see note 2(j)(i) and (k)). At each
                  reporting date, the Group assesses whether there is any objective evidence that the investment is
                  impaired. Any acquisition-date excess over cost, the Group’s share of the post-acquisition, post-
                  tax results of the investees, any impairment losses for the year and the Group’s share of the post-
                  acquisition post-tax items of the investees’ other comprehensive income are recognised in the
                  consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

                  When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the associate, the Group’s interest is
                  reduced to nil and recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the
                  Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the investee.
                  For this purpose, the Group’s interest is the carrying amount of the investment under the equity
                  method, together with any other long-term interests that in substance form part of the Group’s net
                  investment in the associate, after applying the ECL model to such other long-term interests where
                  applicable (see note 2(n)).

                  Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates are
                  eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interest in the investee, except where unrealised losses
                  provide evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred, in which case they are recognised
                  immediately in profit or loss.

                  If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture or vice versa, the retained
                  interest is not remeasured. Instead, the investment continues to be accounted for under the equity
                  method.

                  In all other cases, when the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate, it is
                  accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that investee, with a resulting gain or loss
                  being recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former investee at the date when
                  significant influence is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value
                  on initial recognition of a financial asset.




76       SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




2     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

      (g)    Foreign currency translation

             (i)     Functional and presentation currency

                     Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured
                     using the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (‘the
                     functional currency’). The functional currency of the Company and New Orient Investments
                     Pharmaceutical Holding (Hong Kong) Limited is HK dollars (“HK$”) and the functional
                     currency of other Group’s companies is Renminbi (“RMB”). The consolidated financial
                     statements are presented in HK$.

             (ii)    Transactions and balances

                     Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange
                     rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions or valuation where items are re-measured.
                     Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions
                     and from the translation at year-end exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities
                     denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in profit or loss.

                     Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to borrowings and cash and cash equivalents
                     are presented in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
                     income within ‘finance income or costs’. All other foreign exchange gains and losses are
                     presented in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
                     within ‘other income’.

                     Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign
                     currency are translated using the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction dates.
                     The transaction date is the date on which the Group initially recognises such non-monetary
                     assets or liabilities. Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies
                     that are stated at fair value are translated using the foreign exchange rates ruling at the
                     dates the fair value was measured.

             (iii)   Group companies

                     The results and financial position of all the Group entities (none of which has the currency
                     of a hyperinflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the
                     presentation currency are translated into the presentation currency as follows:

                     –     assets and liabilities for each financial position presented are translated at the closing
                           rate at the end of the reporting period;

                     –     income and expenses for each income statement are translated at average exchange
                           rates (unless this average is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect
                           of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income and expenses
                           are translated at the dates of the transactions); and




                                                                                          Annual Report 2021            77
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




     2      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

            (g)   Foreign currency translation (continued)

                  (iii)   Group companies (continued)

                          –     all resulting currency translation differences are recognised in other comprehensive
                                income.

                          Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign entity are treated
                          as assets and liabilities of the foreign entity and translated into Hong Kong dollars at the
                          closing foreign exchange rates at the end of the reporting period. Currency translation
                          differences arising are recognised in other comprehensive income.

            (h)   Property, plant and equipment

                  Property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and
                  accumulated impairment losses, if any. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly
                  attributable to the acquisition of the items.

                  Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset,
                  as appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item
                  will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of
                  the replaced part is derecognised. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to profit or loss
                  during the financial period in which they are incurred.

                  Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their costs to their residual
                  values over their estimated useful lives, as follows:

                  –       Buildings                                                                      10 – 40 years

                  –       Plant, machinery and tools                                                       5 – 10 years

                  –       Furniture, fixtures, office equipment and others                                 5 – 10 years

                  –       Vehicles                                                                         5 – 10 years

                  The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of
                  each reporting period.

                  An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s
                  carrying amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount (see note 2(k)).

                  Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount
                  and are recognised within ‘other income’, in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
                  comprehensive income.




78       SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




2     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

      (h)    Property, plant and equipment (continued)

             Construction-in-progress (“CIP”) represents buildings, plant and machinery under construction or
             pending installation and is stated at cost less accumulated impairment losses, if any. Cost includes
             the costs of construction of buildings, costs of plant and machinery, and interest charges arising
             from borrowings used to finance these assets during the period of construction or installation and
             testing. No provision for depreciation is made on CIP until such time as the relevant assets are
             completed and ready for the intended use. When the assets concerned are brought into use, the
             costs are transferred to property, plant and equipment and depreciated in accordance with the
             policy as stated above.

      (i)    Leased assets

             At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. A
             contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified
             asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. Control is conveyed where the customer
             has both the right to direct the use of the identified asset and to obtain substantially all of the
             economic benefits from that use.

             (i)    As a lessee

                    Where the contract contains lease component(s) and non-lease component(s), the Group has
                    elected not to separate non-lease components and accounts for each lease component and
                    any associated non-lease components as a single lease component for all leases.

                    At the lease commencement date, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease
                    liability, except for short-term leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less and leases
                    of low-value assets. When the Group enters into a lease in respect of a low-value asset, the
                    Group decides whether to capitalise the lease on a lease-by-lease basis. The lease payments
                    associated with those leases which are not capitalised are recognised as an expense on a
                    systematic basis over the lease term.

                    Where the lease is capitalised, the lease liability is initially recognised at the present value of
                    the lease payments payable over the lease term, discounted using the interest rate implicit
                    in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, using a relevant incremental
                    borrowing rate. After initial recognition, the lease liability is measured at amortised cost and
                    interest expense is calculated using the effective interest method. Variable lease payments
                    that do not depend on an index or rate are not included in the measurement of the lease
                    liability and hence are charged to profit or loss in the accounting period in which they are
                    incurred.

                    The right-of-use asset recognised when a lease is capitalised is initially measured at cost, which
                    comprises the initial amount of the lease liability plus any lease payments made at or before
                    the commencement date, and any initial direct costs incurred. Where applicable, the cost of the
                    right-of-use assets also includes an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying
                    asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located, discounted to their
                    present value, less any lease incentives received. The right-of-use asset is subsequently stated at
                    cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (see note 2(k)).




                                                                                            Annual Report 2021            79
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




     2      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

            (i)   Leased assets (continued)

                  (i)    As a lessee (continued)

                         The initial fair value of refundable rental deposits is accounted for separately from the right-
                         of-use assets in accordance with the accounting policy applicable to investments in debt
                         securities carried at amortised cost (see notes 2(l)(i), 2(bb) and 2(n)). Any difference between
                         the initial fair value and the nominal value of the deposits is accounted for as additional
                         lease payments made and is included in the cost of right-of-use assets.

                         The lease liability is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising
                         from a change in an index or rate, or there is a change in the Group’s estimate of the
                         amount expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee, or there is a change
                         arising from the reassessment of whether the Group will be reasonably certain to exercise a
                         purchase, extension or termination option. When the lease liability is remeasured in this way,
                         a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset, or is
                         recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been reduced
                         to zero.

                         The lease liability is also remeasured when there is a change in the scope of a lease or the
                         consideration for a lease that is not originally provided for in the lease contract (“lease
                         modification”) that is not accounted for as a separate lease. In this case the lease liability
                         is remeasured based on the revised lease payments and lease term using a revised discount
                         rate at the effective date of the modification. The only exceptions are rent concessions that
                         occurred as a direct consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic and met the conditions set out
                         in paragraph 46B of HKFRS 16 Leases. In such cases, the Group has taken advantage of the
                         practical expedient not to assess whether the rent concessions are lease modifications, and
                         recognised the change in consideration as negative variable lease payments in profit or loss
                         in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the rent concessions occurred.

                         In the consolidated statement of financial position, the current portion of long-term lease
                         liabilities is determined as the present value of contractual payments that are due to be
                         settled within twelve months after the reporting period.

                  (ii)   As a lessor

                         When the Group acts as a lessor, it determines at lease inception whether each lease is
                         a finance lease or an operating lease. A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers
                         substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to the ownership of an underlying assets to
                         the lessee. If this is not the case, the lease is classified as an operating lease.

                         When a contract contains lease and non-lease components, the Group allocates the
                         consideration in the contract to each component on a relative stand-alone selling price
                         basis. The rental income from operating leases is recognised on a straight-line basis over the
                         period of the lease.




80       SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




2     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

      (j)    Intangible assets

             (i)    Goodwill

                    Goodwill represents the excess of

                    (i)    the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration transferred, the amount of any
                           non-controlling interest in the acquiree and the fair value of the Group’s previously
                           held equity interest in the acquiree; over

                    (ii)   the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets and liabilities measured as at
                           the acquisition date.

                    When (ii) is greater than (i), then this excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a
                    gain on a bargain purchase.

                    Goodwill is stated at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill arising on a business
                    combination is allocated to each cash-generating unit (“CGU”), or groups of CGUs, that
                    is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination. Each unit or group of units
                    to which the goodwill is allocated represents the lowest level within the entity at which
                    the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes. Goodwill is monitored at the
                    operating segment level.

                    Goodwill impairment reviews are undertaken annually or more frequently if events or
                    changes in circumstances indicate a potential impairment. The carrying value of the CGUs
                    containing the goodwill is compared to the recoverable amount, which is the higher of value
                    in use and the fair value less costs of disposal. Any impairment is recognised immediately as
                    an expense and is not subsequently reversed.

                    On disposal of a cash generating unit during the year, any attributable amount of purchased
                    goodwill is included in the calculation of the profit or loss on disposal.

             (ii)   Trademarks and patents

                    Separately acquired trademarks and patents are shown at historical cost less accumulated
                    amortisation and accumulated impairment losses, if any. Trademarks and patents acquired
                    in a business combination are recognised at fair value at the date of acquisition. Trademarks
                    and patents have finite useful lives. Amortisation is calculated using the straight-line method
                    to allocate the costs over their estimated useful lives, as follows:

                    –      Trademarks                                                                      50 years

                    –      Patents                                                                    7 – 10 years




                                                                                          Annual Report 2021           81
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




     2      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

            (j)   Intangible assets (continued)

                  (iii)   Customer relationships

                          Customer relationships acquired in a business combination are recognised at fair value at the
                          acquisition date attributable to customer base or existing contractual bids with customers
                          taken over in connection with business combinations. Customer relationships have finite
                          useful lives. Amortisation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their costs
                          over their estimated useful lives of 5 – 5.25 years.

                  (iv)    Computer software

                          Acquired computer software are capitalised on the basis of the costs incurred to acquire and
                          bring to use the specific software. These costs are amortised over their estimated useful lives
                          of 5 years.

                  (v)     Research and development costs

                          Research expenditure is recognised as an expense as incurred. Costs incurred on
                          development projects (relating to the design and testing of new or improved products) are
                          recognised as intangible assets when the following criteria are fulfilled:

                          –      it is technically feasible to complete the intangible asset so that it will be available for
                                 use;

                          –      management intends to complete the intangible asset and use it;

                          –      there is an ability to use the intangible asset;

                          –      it can be demonstrated how the intangible asset will generate probable future
                                 economic benefits;

                          –      adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and
                                 to use the intangible asset are available; and

                          –      the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its development can be
                                 reliably measured.

                          Other development expenditures that do not meet these criteria are recognised as an
                          expense as incurred. Development costs previously recognised as an expense are not
                          recognised as an asset in a subsequent period. Capitalised development costs are recorded
                          as intangible assets and amortised from the point at which the asset is ready for use on a
                          straight-line basis over its useful life, not exceeding ten years.




82       SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




2     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

      (k)    Impairment of non-financial assets

             Internal and external sources of information are reviewed at the end of each reporting period to
             identify indications that the following assets may be impaired or, except in the case of goodwill, an
             impairment loss previously recognised no longer exists or may have decreased:

             –      property, plant and equipment, including right-of-use assets;

             –      intangible assets;

             –      goodwill;

             –      interests in an associate; and

             –      investments in subsidiaries in the Company’s statement of financial position.

             If any such indication exists, the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. In addition, for goodwill,
             intangible assets that are not yet available for use and intangible assets that have indefinite useful
             lives, the recoverable amount is estimated annually whether or not there is any indication of
             impairment.

             –      Calculation of recoverable amount

                    The recoverable amount of an asset is the greater of its fair value less costs of disposal and
                    value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to
                    their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments
                    of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. Where an asset does not
                    generate cash inflows largely independent of those from other assets, the recoverable
                    amount is determined for the smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows
                    independently (i.e. a cash-generating unit). A portion of the carrying amount of a corporate
                    asset (for example, head office building) is allocated to an individual cash-generating unit if
                    the allocation can be done on a reasonable and consistent basis, or to the smallest group of
                    cash-generating units if otherwise.

             –      Recognition of impairment losses

                    An impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss if the carrying amount of an asset, or the
                    cash-generating unit to which it belongs, exceeds its recoverable amount. Impairment losses
                    recognised in respect of cash-generating units are allocated first to reduce the carrying
                    amount of any goodwill allocated to the cash-generating unit (or group of units) and then,
                    to reduce the carrying amount of the other assets in the unit (or group of units) on a pro
                    rata basis, except that the carrying value of an asset will not be reduced below its individual
                    fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable) or value in use (if determinable).




                                                                                         Annual Report 2021           83
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




     2      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

            (k)   Impairment of non-financial assets (continued)

                  –      Reversals of impairment losses

                         In respect of assets other than goodwill, an impairment loss is reversed if there has been
                         a favourable change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. An
                         impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed.

                         A reversal of an impairment loss is limited to the asset’s carrying amount that would
                         have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised in prior years. Reversals
                         of impairment losses are credited to profit or loss in the year in which the reversals are
                         recognised.

            (l)   Other investments in debt and equity securities

                  The Group’s policies for investments in debt and equity securities, other than investments in
                  subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, are set out below.

                  Investments in debt and equity securities are recognised/derecognised on the date the Group
                  commits to purchase/sell the investment. The investments are initially stated at fair value plus
                  directly attributable transaction costs, except for those investments measured at FVPL for which
                  transaction costs are recognised directly in profit or loss. For an explanation of how the Group
                  determines fair value of financial instruments, see note 27(e). These investments are subsequently
                  accounted for as follows, depending on their classification.

                  (i)    Investments other than equity investments

                         Non-equity investments held by the Group are classified into one of the following
                         measurement categories:

                         –      amortised cost, if the investment is held for the collection of contractual cash flows
                                which represent solely payments of principal and interest. Interest income from the
                                investment is calculated using the effective interest method (see note 2(bb)).

                         –      FVOCI – recycling, if the contractual cash flows of the investment comprise solely
                                payments of principal and interest and the investment is held within a business model
                                whose objective is achieved by both the collection of contractual cash flows and sale.
                                Changes in fair value are recognised in other comprehensive income, except for the
                                recognition in profit or loss of expected credit losses, interest income (calculated
                                using the effective interest method) and foreign exchange gains and losses. When the
                                investment is derecognised, the amount accumulated in other comprehensive income
                                is recycled from equity to profit or loss.

                         –      FVPL, if the investment does not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised
                                cost or FVOCI (recycling). Changes in the fair value of the investment (including
                                interest) are recognised in profit or loss.




84       SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




2     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

      (l)    Other investments in debt and equity securities (continued)

             (ii)   Equity investments

                    An investment in equity securities is classified as FVPL unless the equity investment is not
                    held for trading purposes and on initial recognition of the investment the Group makes an
                    election to designate the investment at FVOCI (non-recycling) such that subsequent changes
                    in fair value are recognised in other comprehensive income. Such elections are made on an
                    instrument-by-instrument basis, but may only be made if the investment meets the definition
                    of equity from the issuer’s perspective. Where such an election is made, the amount
                    accumulated in other comprehensive income remains in the fair value reserve (non-recycling)
                    until the investment is disposed of. At the time of disposal, the amount accumulated in
                    the fair value reserve (non-recycling) is transferred to retained earnings. It is not recycled
                    through profit or loss. Dividends from an investment in equity securities, irrespective of
                    whether classified as at FVPL or FVOCI, are recognised in profit or loss as other income in
                    accordance with the policy set out in note 2(cc).

      (m)    Offsetting financial instruments

             Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the financial position
             when there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention
             to settle on a net basis or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The legally
             enforceable right must not be contingent on future events and must be enforceable in the normal
             course of business and in the event of default, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Company or the
             counterparty.

      (n)    Credit losses from financial instruments, contract assets and lease receivables

             The Group recognises a loss allowance for ECLs on the following items:

             –      financial assets measured at amortised cost (including cash and cash equivalents, trade
                    receivables and other receivables, which are held for the collection of contractual cash flows
                    which represent solely payments of principal and interest);

             –      contract assets as defined in HKFRS 15 (see note 2(p)); and

             –      lease receivables.

             Other financial assets measured at fair value, including units in bond funds, equity and debt
             securities measured at FVPL, equity securities designated at FVOCI (non-recycling) and derivative
             financial assets, are not subject to the ECL assessment.

             Measurement of ECLs

             ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the present
             value of all expected cash shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the Group in
             accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive).




                                                                                        Annual Report 2021           85
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




     2      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

            (n)   Credit losses from financial instruments, contract assets and lease receivables (continued)

                  Measurement of ECLs (continued)

                  The expected cash shortfalls are discounted using the following discount rates where the effect of
                  discounting is material:

                  –      fixed-rate financial assets, trade and other receivables and contract assets: effective interest
                         rate determined at initial recognition or an approximation thereof;

                  –      variable-rate financial assets: current effective interest rate;

                  –      lease receivables: discount rate used in the measurement of the lease receivable;

                  The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over
                  which the Group is exposed to credit risk.

                  In measuring ECLs, the Group takes into account reasonable and supportable information that
                  is available without undue cost or effort. This includes information about past events, current
                  conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.

                  ECLs are measured on either of the following bases:

                  –      12-month ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from possible default events
                         within the 12 months after the reporting date; and

                  –      lifetime ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from all possible default events
                         over the expected lives of the items to which the ECL model applies.

                  Loss allowances for trade receivables and contract assets are always measured at an amount equal
                  to lifetime ECLs. ECLs on these financial assets are estimated using a provision matrix based on the
                  Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors and an
                  assessment of both the current and forecast general economic conditions at the reporting date.

                  For all other financial instruments, the Group recognises a loss allowance equal to 12-month ECLs
                  unless there has been a significant increase in credit risk of the financial instrument since initial
                  recognition, in which case the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.




86       SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




2     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

      (n)    Credit losses from financial instruments, contract assets and lease receivables (continued)

             Significant increases in credit risk

             In assessing whether the credit risk of a financial instrument has increased significantly since
             initial recognition, the Group compares the risk of default occurring on the financial instrument
             assessed at the reporting date with that assessed at the date of initial recognition. In making this
             reassessment, the Group considers that a default event occurs when (i) the borrower is unlikely to
             pay its credit obligations to the Group in full, without recourse by the Group to actions such as
             realising security (if any is held); or (ii) the financial asset is 90 days past due. The Group considers
             both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including
             historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.

             In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk
             has increased significantly since initial recognition:

             –      failure to make payments of principal or interest on their contractually due dates;

             –      an actual or expected significant deterioration in a financial instrument’s external or internal
                    credit rating (if available);

             –      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor; and

             –      existing or forecast changes in the technological, market, economic or legal environment
                    that have a significant adverse effect on the debtor’s ability to meet its obligation to the
                    Group.

             Depending on the nature of the financial instruments, the assessment of a significant increase in
             credit risk is performed on either an individual basis or a collective basis. When the assessment is
             performed on a collective basis, the financial instruments are grouped based on shared credit risk
             characteristics, such as past due status and credit risk ratings.

             ECLs are remeasured at each reporting date to reflect changes in the financial instrument’s credit
             risk since initial recognition. Any change in the ECL amount is recognised as an impairment gain or
             loss in profit or loss. The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss for all financial instruments
             with a corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account,
             except for investments in debt securities that are measured at FVOCI (recycling), for which the loss
             allowance is recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the fair value reserve
             (recycling).




                                                                                           Annual Report 2021            87
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




     2      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

            (n)   Credit losses from financial instruments, contract assets and lease receivables (continued)

                  Basis of calculation of interest income

                  Interest income recognised in accordance with note 2(bb) is calculated based on the gross
                  carrying amount of the financial asset unless the financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case
                  interest income is calculated based on the amortised cost (i.e. the gross carrying amount less loss
                  allowance) of the financial asset.

                  At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether a financial asset is credit-impaired. A financial
                  asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated
                  future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred.

                  Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the following observable events:

                  –      significant financial difficulties of the debtor;

                  –      a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

                  –      it becoming probable that the borrower will enter into bankruptcy or other financial
                         reorganisation;

                  –      significant changes in the technological, market, economic or legal environment that have
                         an adverse effect on the debtor; or

                  –      the disappearance of an active market for a security because of financial difficulties of the
                         issuer.

                  Write-off policy

                  The gross carrying amount of a financial asset, lease receivable or contract asset is written off
                  (either partially or in full) to the extent that there is no realistic prospect of recovery. This is
                  generally the case when the asset becomes 90 days past due or when the Group determines that
                  the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient cash flows to
                  repay the amounts subject to the write-off.

                  Subsequent recoveries of an asset that was previously written off are recognised as a reversal of
                  impairment in profit or loss in the period in which the recovery occurs.




88       SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




2     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

      (o)    Inventories

             Inventories are assets which are held for sale in the ordinary course of business, in the process of
             production for such sale or in the form of materials or supplies to be consumed in the production
             process or in the rendering of services.

             Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined using the
             weighted average method. The cost of finished goods and work in process comprises raw materials,
             direct labour, other direct costs and related production overheads (based on normal operating
             capacity). It excludes borrowing costs. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the
             ordinary course of business, less applicable variable selling expenses.

             When inventories are sold, the carrying amount of those inventories is recognised as an expense in
             the period in which the related revenue is recognised.

             The amount of any write-down of inventories to net realisable value and all losses of inventories
             are recognised as an expense in the period the write-down or loss occurs. The amount of any
             reversal of any write-down of inventories is recognised as a reduction in the amount of inventories
             recognised as an expense in the period in which the reversal occurs.

      (p)    Contract assets and contract liabilities

             A contract asset is recognised when the Group recognises revenue (see note 2(aa)) before being
             unconditionally entitled to the consideration under the payment terms set out in the contract.
             Contract assets are assessed for ECLs in accordance with the policy set out in note 2(n) and are
             reclassified to receivables when the right to the consideration has become unconditional (see note
             2(q)).

             A contract liability is recognised when the customer pays consideration before the Group
             recognises the related revenue (see note 2(aa)). A contract liability would also be recognised if the
             Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration before the Group recognises the related
             revenue. In such cases, a corresponding receivable would also be recognised (see note 2(q)).

             For a single contract with the customer, either a net contract asset or a net contract liability is
             presented. For multiple contracts, contract assets and contract liabilities of unrelated contracts are
             not presented on a net basis.

             When the contract includes a significant financing component, the contract balance includes
             interest accrued under the effective interest method (see note 2(bb)).




                                                                                         Annual Report 2021           89
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




     2      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

            (q)   Trade and other receivables

                  A receivable is recognised when the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration.
                  A right to receive consideration is unconditional if only the passage of time is required before
                  payment of that consideration is due. If revenue has been recognised before the Group has an
                  unconditional right to receive consideration, the amount is presented as a contract asset (see note
                  2(p)).

                  Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component are initially measured
                  at their transaction price. Trade receivables that contain a significant financing component and
                  other receivables are initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs. All receivables are
                  subsequently stated at amortised cost, using the effective interest method and including an
                  allowance for credit losses (see note 2(n)).

            (r)   Cash and cash equivalents

                  Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, deposits held at call with banks, other short-term
                  highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less. Cash and cash equivalents
                  are assessed for ECLs in accordance with the policy set out in note 2(n).

            (s)   Share capital

                  Ordinary shares are classified as equity.

                  Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity as
                  a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.

                  Where any group company purchases the Company’s equity share capital (treasury shares), the
                  consideration paid, including any directly attributable incremental costs (net of income taxes) is
                  deducted from equity attributable to owners of the Company until the shares are cancelled or
                  reissued. Where such ordinary shares are subsequently reissued, any consideration received, net
                  of any directly attributable incremental transaction costs and the related income tax effects, is
                  included in equity attributable to the Company’s equity holders.

            (t)   Trade and other payables

                  Trade payables are obligations to pay for goods or services that have been acquired in the ordinary
                  course of business from suppliers. Trade and other payables are classified as current liabilities if
                  payment is due within one year or less. If not, they are presented as non-current liabilities.

                  Trade and other payables are recognised initially at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition,
                  trade and other payables are stated at amortised cost unless the effect of discounting would be
                  immaterial, in which case they are stated at invoice amounts.




90       SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




2     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

      (u)    Borrowings

             Borrowings are measured initially at fair value less transaction costs. Borrowings are subsequently
             stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Interest expense is recognised in
             accordance with the Group’s accounting policy for borrowing costs (see note 2(v)).

             Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are recognised as transaction costs of the loan to
             the extent that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down. In this case, the
             fee is deferred until the draw-down occurs. To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable
             that some or all of the facility will be drawn down, the fee is capitalised as a prepayment for
             liquidity services and amortised over the period of the facility to which it relates.

             Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer
             settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the end of the reporting period.

      (v)    Borrowing costs

             General and specific borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or
             production of qualifying assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time
             to get ready for their intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as
             the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale.

             Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their
             expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

             All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

             Borrowing costs include interest expense and exchange differences arising from foreign currency
             borrowings to the extent that they are regarded as an adjustment to interest costs. The exchange
             gains and losses that are an adjustment to interest costs include the interest rate differential
             between borrowing costs that would be incurred if the entity had borrowed funds in its functional
             currency, and the borrowing costs actually incurred on foreign currency borrowings. Such amounts
             are estimated based on interest rates on similar borrowings in the entity’s functional currency.

             When the construction of the qualifying assets takes more than one accounting period, the amount
             of foreign exchange differences eligible for capitalisation is determined for each annual period
             and are limited to the difference between the hypothetical interest amount for the functional
             currency borrowings and the actual interest incurred for foreign currency borrowings. Foreign
             exchange differences that did not meet the criteria for capitalisation in previous years should not be
             capitalised in subsequent years.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2021           91
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




     2      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

            (w)   Current and deferred income tax

                  The tax expense for the period comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the
                  consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, except to the extent that
                  it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case the
                  tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.

                  (i)    Current income tax

                         The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or
                         substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period in the places where the Company
                         and its subsidiaries operate and generate taxable income. Management periodically evaluates
                         positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is
                         subject to interpretation. It establishes provisions where appropriate on the basis of amounts
                         expected to be paid to the tax authorities.

                  (ii)   Deferred income tax

                         –      Inside basis differences

                                Deferred income tax is recognised, using the liability method, on temporary
                                differences arising between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying
                                amounts in the consolidated financial statements. However, deferred tax liabilities
                                are not recognised if they arise from the initial recognition of goodwill, the deferred
                                income tax is not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or
                                liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the
                                transaction affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss. Deferred income
                                tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantively
                                enacted by the end of the reporting period and are expected to apply when the
                                related deferred income tax asset is realised or the deferred income tax liability is
                                settled.

                                Deferred income tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that
                                future taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be
                                utilised.

                         –      Outside basis differences

                                Deferred income tax liabilities are provided on taxable temporary differences arising
                                from investments in subsidiaries, except for deferred income tax liability where the
                                timing of the reversal of the temporary difference is controlled by the Group and it is
                                probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

                                Deferred income tax assets are recognised on deductible temporary differences arising
                                from investments in subsidiaries only to the extent that it is probable the temporary
                                difference will reverse in the future and there is sufficient taxable profit available
                                against which the temporary difference can be utilised.




92       SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




2     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

      (w)    Current and deferred income tax (continued)

             (iii)   Offsetting

                     Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right
                     to offset current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when the deferred income tax
                     assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either
                     the taxable entity or different taxable entities where there is an intention to settle the
                     balances on a net basis.

      (x)    Employee benefits

             (i)     Pension obligations

                     Group companies operate various pension schemes. The schemes are generally funded
                     through payments to insurance companies or trustee-administered funds, determined by
                     periodic actuarial calculations. The Group has both defined contribution and defined benefit
                     plans.

                     –      Defined contribution plan

                            A defined contribution plan is a pension plan under which the Group pays fixed
                            contributions into a separate entity. The Group has no legal or constructive
                            obligations to pay further contributions if the fund does not hold sufficient assets to
                            pay all employees the benefits relating to employee service in the current and prior
                            periods.

                            The Group pays contributions to publicly or privately administered pension insurance
                            plans on a mandatory, contractual or voluntary basis. The Group has no further
                            payment obligations once the contributions have been paid. The contributions are
                            recognised as employee benefit expense when they are due. Prepaid contributions are
                            recognised as an asset to the extent that a cash refund or a reduction in the future
                            payments is available.

                            The Group has arranged for its Hong Kong employees to join the Hong Kong
                            Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (the “MPF Scheme”), a defined contribution
                            scheme managed by an independent trustee. Under the MPF Scheme, the Group
                            and its Hong Kong employees make monthly contributions to the scheme at
                            5% of the employees’ earnings as defined under the Mandatory Provident Fund
                            legislation, subject to a cap of HK$1,500 per person per month and any excess
                            contributions are voluntary. Contributions to the plan vest immediately, there is no
                            forfeited contributions that may be used by the group to reduce the existing level of
                            contribution. The Group has no further obligations for post-retirement benefit beyond
                            the contributions.




                                                                                          Annual Report 2021           93
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




     2      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

            (x)   Employee benefits (continued)

                  (i)    Pension obligations (continued)

                         –      Defined contribution plan (continued)

                                As stipulated by the rules and regulations in the PRC, the Group has participated
                                in state-sponsored defined contribution retirement schemes for its employees in
                                the PRC. The Group’s employees make monthly contributions to the schemes at
                                approximately 8% of the relevant income (comprising wages, salaries, allowances
                                and bonus, and subject to a cap), while the Group contributes approximately 16%
                                of such income and has no further obligations for the actual payment of post-
                                retirement benefits beyond the contributions. The state-sponsored retirement plans
                                are responsible for the entire pension obligations payable to retired employees.

                         –      Post-employment benefits

                                Some group companies provide post-employment benefits to their employees. The
                                entitlement to these benefits is usually conditional on the employee remaining in
                                service up to retirement age and the completion of a minimum service period.

                                The liability recognised in the financial position in respect of post-employment
                                benefits is the present value of these benefits obligations at the end of the reporting
                                period less the fair value of plan assets, together with adjustments for unrecognised
                                past service costs. These obligations are calculated annually by independent actuaries
                                using the projected unit credit method. The present value of these obligations is
                                determined by discounting the estimated future cash outflows using interest rates
                                of high-quality corporate bonds that are denominated in the currency in which the
                                benefits will be paid, and that have terms to maturity approximating to the terms of
                                the related benefit obligation. In countries where there is no deep market in such
                                bonds, the market rates on government bonds are used.

                                The current service cost of the defined benefit plan, recognised in profit or loss in
                                employee benefit expense, except where included in the cost of an asset, reflects the
                                increase in the defined benefit obligation results from employee service in the current
                                year, benefit changes, curtailments and settlements.

                                Past-service costs are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

                                The net interest cost is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net balance of
                                the defined benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets. This cost is included
                                in employee benefit expense in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
                                comprehensive income.

                                Remeasurement arising from experience adjustments and changes in actuarial
                                assumptions are charged or credited to equity in other comprehensive income in the
                                period in which they arise.




94       SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




2     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

      (x)    Employee benefits (continued)

             (i)    Pension obligations (continued)

                    –      Post-employment benefits (continued)

                           For defined contribution plans, the Group pays contributions to publicly or privately
                           administered pension insurance plans on a mandatory, contractual or voluntary basis.
                           The Group has no further payment obligations once the contributions have been
                           paid. The contributions are recognised as employee benefit expense when they are
                           due. Prepaid contributions are recognised as an asset to the extent that a cash refund
                           or a reduction in the future payments is available.

             (ii)   Share-based compensation

                    –      Equity-settled share-based payment transactions

                           The Group operates an equity-settled, share-based compensation plan, under which
                           the entity receives services from employees as consideration for equity instruments
                           (options) of the Group. The fair value of the employee services received in exchange
                           for the grant of the options is recognised as an expense. The total amount to be
                           expensed is determined by reference to the fair value of the options granted:

                           •      including any market performance conditions (for example, an entity’s share
                                  price);

                           •      excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting
                                  conditions (for example, profitability, sales growth targets and remaining an
                                  employee of the entity over a specified time period); and

                           •      including the impact of any non-vesting conditions (for example, the
                                  requirement for employees to save or holding shares for a specified period of
                                  time).

                           At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of
                           options that are expected to vest based on the non-market performance and service
                           conditions. It recognises the impact of the revision to original estimates, if any, in
                           profit or loss, with a corresponding adjustment to equity.

                           In addition, in some circumstances employees may provide services in advance of the
                           grant date and therefore the grant date fair value is estimated for the purposes of
                           recognising the expense during the period between service commencement period
                           and grant date.

                           When the options are exercised, the Company issues new shares. The proceeds
                           received net of any directly attributable transaction costs are credited to share capital
                           (nominal value) and share premium.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2021            95
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




     2      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

            (x)   Employee benefits (continued)

                  (ii)    Share-based compensation (continued)

                          –      Share-based payment transactions among group entities

                                 The grant by the Company of options over its equity instruments to the employees
                                 of subsidiary undertakings in the Group is treated as a capital contribution. The fair
                                 value of employee services received, measured by reference to the grant date fair
                                 value, is recognised over the vesting period as an increase to investment in subsidiary
                                 undertakings, with a corresponding credit to equity in the parent entity accounts.

                  (iii)   Employee leave entitlements

                          Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognised when they are accrued to employees.
                          A provision is made for the estimated liability for annual leave as a result of service rendered
                          by employees up to the end of the reporting period.

                          Employee entitlements to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time of
                          leave.

                  (iv)    Bonus plan

                          The Group recognises a provision for bonuses where contractually obliged or where there is
                          a past practice that has created a constructive obligation.

            (y)   Provisions, contingent liabilities and onerous contracts

                  (i)     Provisions and contingent liabilities

                          Provisions are recognised when the Group has a legal or constructive obligation arising as a
                          result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to
                          settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made. Where the time value of money is
                          material, provisions are stated at the present value of the expenditure expected to settle the
                          obligation.

                          Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the
                          amount cannot be estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability,
                          unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote. Possible obligations,
                          whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more
                          future events are also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the probability of outflow of
                          economic benefits is remote.

                          Where some or all of the expenditure required to settle a provision is expected to be
                          reimbursed by another party, a separate asset is recognised for any expected reimbursement
                          that would be virtually certain. The amount recognised for the reimbursement is limited to
                          the carrying amount of the provision.




96       SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




2     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

      (y)    Provisions, contingent liabilities and onerous contracts (continued)

             (ii)   Onerous contracts

                    An onerous contract exists when the Group has a contract under which the unavoidable
                    costs of meeting the obligations under the contract exceed the economic benefits expected
                    to be received from the contract. Provisions for onerous contracts are measured at the
                    present value of the lower of the expected cost of terminating the contract and the net cost
                    of continuing with the contract.

      (z)    Government grants

             Government grants in the form of subsidy or financial refund are recognised when there is a
             reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the conditions attached to the grants and
             that the grants will be received.

             Grants relating to costs are deferred and recognised in profit or loss over the period necessary to
             match them with the costs that they are intended to compensate.

             Grants relating to assets are presented in the statement of financial position by setting up the grant
             as deferred revenue and recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the useful life of the
             asset.

      (aa)   Revenue

             Income is classified by the Group as revenue when it arises from the sale of goods, the provision
             of services or the use by others of the Group’s assets under leases in the ordinary course of the
             Group’s business.

             Revenue is recognised when control over a product or service is transferred to the customer, or the
             lessee has the right to use the asset, at the amount of promised consideration to which the Group
             is expected to be entitled, excluding those amounts collected on behalf of third parties. Revenue
             excludes value added tax or other sales taxes and is after deduction of any trade discounts.

             Where the contract contains a financing component which provides a significant financing benefit
             to the customer for more than 12 months, revenue is measured at the present value of the amount
             receivable, discounted using the discount rate that would be reflected in a separate financing
             transaction with the customer, and interest income is accrued separately under the effective
             interest method. Where the contract contains a financing component which provides a significant
             financing benefit to the Group, revenue recognised under that contract includes the interest
             expense accreted on the contract liability under the effective interest method.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2021           97
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




     2      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

            (aa)   Revenue (continued)

                   Further details of the Group’s revenue and other income recognition policies are as follows:

                   –      Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised upon the transfer of control of the goods to
                          the customer, which generally coincides with the point in time when a group company has
                          delivered products to the customer, the customer has taken possession of and accepted the
                          products and collection of consideration is probable;

                   –      Rental income is recognised on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases; and

                   –      Services income is recognised over time in the accounting period in which the services are
                          rendered, by reference to stage of completion of the specific transaction and assessed on
                          the basis of actual services provided as a proportion of the total service to be provided.

            (bb)   Interest income

                   Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method. For financial assets measured
                   at amortised cost or FVOCI (recycling) that are not credit-impaired, the effective interest rate is
                   applied to the gross carrying amount of the asset. For credit-impaired financial assets, the effective
                   interest rate is applied to the amortised cost (i.e. gross carrying amount net of loss allowance) of
                   the asset (see note 2(n)).

            (cc)   Dividend income

                   Dividend income is recognised when the right to receive payment is established.

            (dd)   Dividend distributions

                   Dividend distribution to the Company’s shareholders is recognised as a liability in the Group’s
                   and the Company’s financial statements in the period in which the dividends are approved by the
                   Company’s shareholders.

            (ee)   Related parties

                   (a)    A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person:

                          (i)     has control or joint control over the Group;

                          (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or

                          (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group’s parent.




98       SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




2     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

      (ee)   Related parties (continued)

             (b)    An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:

                    (i)      The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each
                             parent, subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).

                    (ii)     One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint
                             venture of a member of a group of which the other entity is a member).

                    (iii)    Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.

                    (iv)     One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of
                             the third entity.

                    (v)      The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either
                             the Group or an entity related to the Group.

                    (vi)     The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a).

                    (vii)    A person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of
                             the key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).

                    (viii)   The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management
                             personnel services to the Group or to the Group’s parent.

             Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to
             influence, or be influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.

3     ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND ESTIMATES

      Estimates and judgments are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and
      other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the
      circumstances.

      The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. As the future is inherently uncertain,
      actual results may differ from these estimates. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk
      of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial
      year are discussed below.

      (a)    Impairment of goodwill

             The Group’s management tests annually whether goodwill has suffered any impairment. In
             accordance with the accounting policy stated in note 2(k), the recoverable amount of CGUs has
             been determined based on the higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2021         99
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    3     ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND ESTIMATES (continued)

          (a)    Impairment of goodwill (continued)

                 The Group measured the value in use by discounting the future estimated cash flow deriving from
                 the CGUs. These calculations required the Group to estimate the expected future cash flows from
                 the CGUs and also to apply a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those
                 cash flows.

                 There are a number of assumptions and estimates involved in the preparation of cash flow
                 projections for the period covered by the approved budgets. Key assumptions include the
                 growth rates and selection of discount rates to reflect the risks involved. Management prepares
                 the financial budgets reflecting actual and prior year performance and market development
                 expectations. Judgment is required to determine key assumptions adopted in the cash flow
                 projections and changes to key assumptions can significantly affect these cash flow projections and
                 therefore the results of the impairment reviews.

          (b)    Impairment of receivables

                 The Group’s management determines the provision for expected credit losses on trade, bills and
                 other receivables based on an assessment of the present value of all expected cash shortfalls. These
                 estimates are based on the information about past events, current conditions and forecasts of
                 future economic conditions. The Group’s management reassesses the provision at each reporting
                 period end.

          (c)    Net realisable value of inventories

                 Net realisable value of inventories is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business,
                 less estimated costs of completion and selling expenses. These estimates are based on the current
                 market condition and historical experience of selling products of similar nature. It could change
                 significantly as a result of changes in industry environment and competitor actions. Management
                 reassesses the estimates at each reporting period end.

          (d)    Impairment of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets

                 Property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets are reviewed for
                 impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount
                 may not be recoverable. The recoverable amounts have been determined based on value-in-use
                 calculations or market valuations. These calculations require the use of judgments and estimates.

                 Management judgment is required in the area of asset impairment particularly in assessing:
                 (i) whether an event has occurred that may indicate that the related assets values may not be
                 recoverable; (ii) whether the carrying value of an asset can be supported by the recoverable
                 amount, being the higher of fair value less costs of disposal or net present value of future cash
                 flows which are estimated based upon the continued use of the asset in the business; and (iii) the
                 appropriate key assumptions to be applied in preparing cash flow projections including whether
                 these cash flow projections are discounted using an appropriate rate. Changing the assumptions
                 selected by management in assessing impairment, including the discount rates or the growth
                 rate assumptions in the cash flow projections, could materially affect the net present value in the
                 impairment test and as a result affect the Group’s financial condition and results of operations. If
                 there is a significant adverse change in the projected performance and resulting future cash flow
                 projections, it may be necessary to take an impairment charge to profit or loss.




100 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




4     REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING

      (a)    Revenue

             The Group derives revenue principally from the sale of a wide range of pharmaceutical products,
             which includes finished medicines of mainly intravenous infusion solution and ampoule injection to
             hospitals and distributors, bulk pharmaceutical products and medical materials.

             (i)    Disaggregation of revenue

                    Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by major products or service lines
                    is as follows:

                                                                                    2021                 2020
                                                                                 HK$’000              HK$’000

                    Revenue from contracts with customers
                      within the scope of HKFRS 15
                    Disaggregation by major products or service lines
                    – Sales of pharmaceutical products                          5,166,689           4,135,107
                    – Sales of medical materials                                  174,403             117,915
                    – Services income                                               5,071               1,250
                    – Sales of raw materials and by-products                       10,373               6,356

                                                                                5,356,536           4,260,628
                    Revenue from other source
                    – Rental income                                                   227                  270

                                                                                5,356,763           4,260,898

                    Disaggregated by geographical location of
                      customers
                    – The PRC (place of domicile)                               4,875,960           4,043,733
                    – Other countries                                             480,803             217,165

                                                                                5,356,763           4,260,898


                    Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by the timing of revenue
                    recognition is disclosed in note 4(b).

                    The geographical analysis on revenue above includes rental income from external customers
                    in the PRC for the year ended 31 December 2021 of HK$227,000 (2020: HK$270,000).
                    The directors have determined that no geographical segment information of specified non-
                    current assets is presented as over 95% of the non-current assets of the Group are located
                    in the PRC, which is considered as one geographic location with similar risks and returns.

                    For the year ended 31 December 2021, no customer with whom transactions have exceeded
                    10% of the Group’s revenue. Details of concentrations of credit risk arising from the
                    Group’s largest customers are set out in note 27(a).




                                                                                      Annual Report 2021          101
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    4     REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING (continued)

          (b)    Segment reporting

                 The Group manages its businesses by divisions, which are organised by a mixture of both business
                 lines and geography. In a manner consistent with the way in which information is reported
                 internally to the Group’s most senior executive management for the purposes of resource
                 allocation and performance assessment, the Group has identified two reportable segments, namely
                 intravenous infusion solution and others and medical materials. No operating segments have been
                 aggregated to form the reportable segments.

                 For the purposes of assessing segment performance and allocating resources between segments,
                 the Group’s senior executive management monitors the results, assets and liabilities attributable to
                 each reportable segment on the following bases:

                 Segment assets include all tangible, intangible assets and current assets. Unallocated assets mainly
                 comprise corporate cash. Segment liabilities include operating liabilities. Unallocated liabilities
                 mainly comprise corporate borrowings.

                 Revenue and expenses are allocated to the reportable segments with reference to revenue
                 generated by those segments and the expenses incurred by those segments or which otherwise
                 arise from the depreciation or amortisation of assets attributable to those segments.

                 The measure used for reporting segment profit is profit from operations.




102 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




4     REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING (continued)
      (b)    Segment reporting (continued)
             Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by the timing of revenue recognition, as
             well as information regarding the Group’s reportable segments as provided to the Group’s most
             senior executive management for the purposes of resource allocation and assessment of segment
             performance for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020 is set out below.

                                                                          2021
                                                Intravenous
                                                    infusion
                                                    solution       Medical
                                                 and others       materials      Unallocated          Total
                                                    HK$’000        HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000
             Disaggregated by timing
               of revenue recognition
             Point in time                        5,174,515        176,950                 –      5,351,465
             Over time                                5,071            227                 –          5,298

             Revenue from external
               customers                          5,179,586        177,177                 –      5,356,763
             Inter-segment revenue                   29,239        179,442                 –        208,681

             Reportable segment
               revenue                            5,208,825        356,619                 –      5,565,444

             Operating profit or loss/
               segment results                    1,061,206          14,794          (87,915)       988,085
             Finance income                          15,661              66              457         16,184
             Finance costs                          (43,934)              –          (17,364)       (61,298)
             Share of profit of an
               associate                               5,426              –                –           5,426
             Profit/(loss) before
               taxation                           1,038,359          14,860         (104,822)       948,397
             Income tax                            (154,853)         (5,251)               –       (160,104)

             Reportable segment
               profit/(loss) for the year           883,506           9,609         (104,822)       788,293

             Depreciation and
               amortisation for the year            365,842          21,026            2,946        389,814
             Provision for impairment of
               receivables                             1,444             47                –           1,491
             Total assets/reportable
               segment assets
               (including interests in an
               associate)                        10,209,569        414,280            84,871     10,708,720
             Additions to non-current
              assets                              1,084,087          44,032                –      1,128,119
             Total liabilities/reportable
               segment liabilities                3,117,516          32,646        1,065,850      4,216,012




                                                                                     Annual Report 2021         103
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    4     REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING (continued)

          (b)    Segment reporting (continued)

                                                                           2020
                                                    Intravenous
                                                        infusion
                                                        solution    Medical
                                                     and others    materials      Unallocated       Total
                                                       HK$’000     HK$’000          HK$’000      HK$’000

                 Disaggregated by timing
                   of revenue recognition
                 Point in time                        4,140,329    119,049                 –    4,259,378
                 Over time                                1,250        270                 –        1,520


                 Revenue from external
                   customers                          4,141,579    119,319                 –    4,260,898
                 Inter-segment revenue                   17,969    128,362                 –      146,331

                 Reportable segment
                   revenue                            4,159,548    247,681                 –    4,407,229

                 Operating profit or loss/
                   segment results                      776,663        (174)         (17,607)    758,882
                 Finance income                          17,301          23              481      17,805
                 Finance costs                          (33,479)         (1)         (17,992)    (51,472)

                 Profit/(loss) before
                   taxation                             760,485        (152)         (35,118)     725,215
                 Income tax                            (113,075)     (1,321)               –     (114,396)

                 Reportable segment
                   profit/(loss) for the year           647,410      (1,473)         (35,118)    610,819

                 Depreciation and
                   amortisation for the year            293,409     22,003             2,928     318,340
                 (Reversal of)/provision for
                   impairment of receivables               (696)        372                –         (324)

                 Total assets/reportable
                   segment assets                     8,688,670    343,294           221,743    9,253,707

                 Additions to non-current
                  assets                                639,589     18,006             9,853     667,448

                 Total liabilities/reportable
                   segment liabilities                2,335,141     24,228           979,127    3,338,496




104 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




5     OTHER INCOME

                                                                                      2021                  2020
                                                                                   HK$’000               HK$’000

      Government grants                                                              62,144               62,600
      Net gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment                               6                2,055
      Realised gain on disposal of equity securities                                 10,716                    –
      Others                                                                         11,425                7,062

                                                                                     84,291               71,717


      Government grants mainly represent subsidy income received from various government organisations to
      compensate the Group’s research and development expenditures, and other incentives to support the
      operations of the Group.

6     PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION

      Profit before taxation is arrived at after (crediting)/charging:

      (a)    Finance income and costs

                                                                                      2021                  2020
                                                                                   HK$’000               HK$’000

             Finance income:
             – Interest income on bank deposits                                     (24,707)             (22,977)
             – Net foreign exchange loss                                              8,523                5,172

             Finance income                                                         (16,184)             (17,805)

             Finance costs:
             – Interest expense of borrowings                                        65,363               64,545
             – Interest on lease liabilities                                            267                  313

                                                                                     65,630               64,858
             Less: Interest expense capitalised into qualifying assets*              (4,332)             (13,386)

             Finance costs                                                           61,298               51,472

             Finance costs – net                                                     45,114               33,667

             *      During the year ended 31 December 2021, the borrowing costs have been capitalised at a rate of
                    4.20% per annum (2020: 4.05%).




                                                                                        Annual Report 2021           105
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    6     PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION (continued)

          (b)    Staff costs

                                                                             2021        2020
                                                                          HK$’000     HK$’000

                 Contributions to defined contribution retirement plan     48,616      29,003
                 Equity-settled share-based payment expenses
                   (note 26(d)(iii))                                       67,050           –
                 Salaries, wages and other benefits                       548,263     440,420

                                                                          663,929     469,423


          (c)    Other items

                                                                             2021        2020
                                                                          HK$’000     HK$’000

                 Research and development costs                           461,148      227,393
                 Less: Costs capitalised into intangible assets          (213,156)    (100,492)

                                                                          247,992     126,901

                 Amortisation #
                 – intangible assets (note 12)                             15,275      16,927
                 Less: Amount capitalised as development costs               (974)       (984)

                                                                           14,301      15,943

                 Depreciation charges #
                 – owned property, plant and equipment (note 11(a))       363,079     290,637
                 – right-of-use assets (note 11(a))                        11,460      10,776

                 Provision for/(reversal of) impairment losses
                 – trade and bills receivables (note 27(a))                  1,366        (332)
                 – other receivables                                           125           8
                 Auditors’ remuneration – audit services                     2,870       2,500
                 Cost of inventories # (note 15(b))                      2,180,338   1,548,862

                 Other expenses
                 – transportation expenses                                443,738     363,129
                 – utility expenses                                       308,558     230,379
                 – advertising expenses                                   283,463     202,027
                 – marketing and promotion service expenses               825,254     993,395
                 – travelling, meeting and entertainment expenses          63,010      41,684
                 – surcharges and other tax expenses                       71,939      55,421




106 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




6     PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION (continued)

      (c)    Other items (continued)
             #
                    Cost of inventories includes HK$570,892,000 (2020: HK$446,117,000) relating to staff costs,
                    depreciation and amortisation expenses, which amount is also included in the respective total amounts
                    disclosed separately above or in note 4(b) for each of these types of expenses.

7     INCOME TAX

      (a)    Taxation in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
             represents:

                                                                                           2021                   2020
                                                                                        HK$’000                HK$’000

             Current tax – the PRC Corporate Income Tax (“CIT”)                          167,983               127,160
             Deferred tax – origination and reversal of temporary
               differences                                                                 (7,879)              (12,764)

                                                                                         160,104               114,396


             The Company is incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company and, accordingly, is
             exempted from payment of the Cayman Islands income tax.

             No provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax has been made for the years ended 31 December 2021 and
             2020 as the Group did not have any profits assessable to Hong Kong Profits Tax during the current
             and prior years.

             Shijiazhuang No. 4 Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Shijiazhuang No.4”), Jiangsu Best New Medical
             Material Co., Ltd. (“Jiangsu Best”), Hebei Guangxiang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Hebei
             Guangxiang”) and Hebei Guolong Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. have been certified as High and New
             Technology Enterprises (“HNTE”) in 2021, 2020, 2020 and 2020, respectively. According to the tax
             incentives rules of the CIT Law of the PRC (the “CIT Law”) for HNTE, these entities are subject to
             a reduced corporate income tax rate of 15% for three years. The additional deduction of research
             and development expenditures have been increased from 75% to 100%, effective since 2021,
             according to a new tax incentives policy promulgated by the State Tax Bureau of the PRC in March
             2021.

             All other subsidiaries of the Company established and operated in the PRC are subject to the PRC
             CIT at an applicable rate of 25%.

             The CIT Law and its relevant regulations also impose a withholding tax at 10% on the foreign
             investors with respect to dividend distributions made out of the PRC entities from earnings
             accumulated from 1 January 2008, unless the foreign investors meet certain requirements specified
             in the relevant tax regulations in the PRC and accordingly are entitled to a preferential rate of 5%.
             Deferred tax liabilities have been provided for in this regard based on the expected dividends to
             be distributed from the Group’s PRC subsidiaries in the foreseeable future in respect of the profits
             generated since 1 January 2008.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2021             107
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    7     INCOME TAX (continued)

          (b)        Reconciliation between tax expense and accounting profit at applicable tax rates:

                                                                                                                 2021                        2020
                                                                                                              HK$’000                     HK$’000

                     Profit before taxation                                                                    948,397                    725,215

                     Notional tax on profit before taxation, calculated at the
                       rates applicable to profits in the countries concerned                                 246,327                     183,846
                     Effect of the PRC preferential tax rate                                                 (101,857)                    (74,617)
                     Effect of non-deductible expenses                                                         20,351                       8,621
                     Additional deduction of research and development
                       expenditures                                                                            (28,351)                   (13,004)
                     Withholding tax on profit distributions                                                    20,031                      8,449
                     Others                                                                                      3,603                      1,101

                     Actual tax expense                                                                        160,104                    114,396

    8     DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS

          Directors’ emoluments disclosed pursuant to section 383(1) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and
          Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation are as follows:

                                                                                          2021
                                                                                                Estimated
                                                                                              money value     Retirement
                                          Directors’              Discretionary     Housing       of other        scheme    Share-based
          Name                                 fees    Salaries        bonuses    allowance    benefits (a) contributions   payment (c)       Total
                                           HK$’000     HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000

          Executive directors

          Mr. Qu Jiguang                          –      6,690               –            –             –               –             –       6,690
          Mr. Wang Xianjun (resigned on
            27 August 2021)                       –      3,732               –            –             –             12              –       3,744
          Mr. Su Xuejun                           –        914             549            –           115             56              –       1,634
          Mr. Meng Guo (appointed on
            27 August 2021) (b)                   –        704             274            –            64             56         13,410      14,508
          Mr. Chow Hing Yeung
            (appointed on
            27 August 2021) (b)                   –      1,007               –            –             –             18          1,341       2,366

          Independent
             non-executive directors

          Mr. Wang Yibing                       228           –              –            –             –               –             –         228
          Mr. Leung Chong Shun                  228           –              –            –             –               –             –         228
          Mr. Chow Kwok Wai                     228           –              –            –             –               –             –         228

          Non-executive director

          Mr. Feng Hao                          228           –              –            –             –               –             –         228

                                                912     13,047             823            –           179            142         14,751      29,854




108 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




8     DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS (continued)

                                                                           2020
                                                                                         Estimated
                                                                                       money value       Retirement
                                  Directors’               Discretionary     Housing       of other          scheme
      Name                              fees    Salaries        bonuses    allowance    benefits (a)   contributions      Total
                                   HK$’000     HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000          HK$’000     HK$’000

      Executive directors

      Mr. Qu Jiguang                      –       6,675               –            –              –              15      6,690
      Mr. Wang Xianjun                    –       1,998               –            –              –              18      2,016
      Mr. Su Xuejun                       –         879             516            –             84              44      1,523

      Independent
        non-executive directors

      Mr. Wang Yibing                   228           –               –            –              –               –        228
      Mr. Leung Chong Shun              228           –               –            –              –               –        228
      Mr. Chow Kwok Wai                 228           –               –            –              –               –        228

      Non-executive director

      Mr. Feng Hao                      228           –               –            –              –               –        228

                                        912       9,552             516            –             84              77     11,141


      (a)      Other benefits include leave pay and medical insurance, etc..

      (b)      The directors received emoluments from the Group in their roles as employees before their
               appointment as directors.

      (c)      These represent the estimated value of share options granted to the directors under the Company’s
               share option scheme. The value of these share options is measured according to the Group’s
               accounting policies for share-based payment transactions as set out in note 2(x) and, in accordance
               with that policy, includes adjustments to reverse amounts accrued in previous years where grants of
               equity instruments are forfeited prior to vesting.

               The details of these benefits in kind, including the principal terms and number of options granted,
               are disclosed under the paragraph “Share option scheme” in the directors’ report and note 26(c)
               (iii).




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2021             109
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    9     INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS

          Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments, one (2020: three) is director whose emoluments are
          disclosed in note 8. The aggregate of the emoluments in respect of the other four (2020: two) individuals
          are as follows:

                                                                                        2021                 2020
                                                                                     HK$’000              HK$’000

          Salaries and other benefits                                                   2,059                1,636
          Discretionary bonuses                                                           705                  206
          Retirement scheme contributions                                                 150                   62
          Share-based payment                                                          50,288                    –

                                                                                       53,202                1,904


          The emoluments of the four (2020: two) individuals with the highest emoluments are within the following
          bands:

                                                                                        2021                  2020
                                                                                  Number of             Number of
                                                                                  individuals           individuals

          Nil – HK$1,000,000                                                                 –                   2
          HK$1,000,001 – HK$10,000,000                                                       1                   –
          HK$10,000,001 – HK$20,000,000                                                      2                   –
          HK$20,000,001 – HK$30,000,000                                                      1                   –




110 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




10    EARNINGS PER SHARE

      (a)    Basic earnings per share

             The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on the profit attributable to ordinary equity
             shareholders of the Company of HK$785,533,000 (2020: HK$611,971,000) and the weighted
             average of 3,022,675,000 ordinary shares (2020: 3,030,997,000 ordinary shares) in issue during
             the year, calculated as follows:

             Weighted average number of ordinary shares

                                                                                       2021                2020
                                                                                       ’000                ’000

             Issued ordinary shares at 1 January                                 3,043,727            3,032,325
             Effect of purchase and cancellation of own shares
                (note 26(c)(ii))                                                    (21,052)              (6,879)
             Effect of share options exercised (note 26(c)(iii))                          –                5,551

             Weighted average number of ordinary shares at
              31 December                                                        3,022,675            3,030,997


      (b)    Diluted earnings per share

             The calculation of diluted earnings per share is based on the profit attributable to ordinary equity
             shareholders of the Company of HK$785,533,000 (2020: HK$611,971,000) and the weighted
             average of 3,031,547,000 ordinary shares (2020: 3,041,974,000 ordinary shares) after adjusting
             the effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares under the Company’s share option scheme,
             calculated as follows:

             Weighted average number of ordinary shares (diluted)

                                                                                       2021                2020
                                                                                       ’000                ’000

             Weighted average number of ordinary shares at 31
               December (basic)                                                  3,022,675            3,030,997
             Effect of deemed issue of shares under the Company’s
               share option scheme                                                    8,872              10,977

             Weighted average number of ordinary shares at 31
              December (diluted)                                                 3,031,547            3,041,974




                                                                                       Annual Report 2021           111
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    11    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND RIGHT-OF USE ASSETS

          (a)    Reconciliation of carrying amount

                                                                     Furniture,
                                                                      fixtures,
                                                           Plant,        office                                         Right-
                                                       machinery    equipment              Construction-                of-use
                                           Buildings   and tools    and others    Vehicles in-progress     Sub-total    assets       Total
                                            HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000    HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000

                 Cost:

                 1 January 2020            1,815,332   1,806,842       340,071     45,912       782,166    4,790,323   305,879    5,096,202

                 Transfers                  365,920      204,058        20,453           –     (638,363)    (47,932)    47,932           –
                 Additions                   37,303      103,739        38,187       3,296      354,827     537,352     13,933     551,285
                 Disposals                        –      (16,572)      (18,382)     (4,054)           –     (39,008)    (3,933)    (42,941)
                 Exchange adjustments       139,338      132,501        23,779       2,790       34,447     332,855     22,378     355,233

                 31 December 2020 and
                   1 January 2021          2,357,893   2,230,568       404,108     47,944       533,077    5,573,590   386,189    5,959,779

                 Transfers                  242,150      103,847         5,871          –      (351,868)          –          –           –
                 Additions                   32,567      132,103        19,046     12,484       276,148     472,348          –     472,348
                 Disposals                        –      (23,351)       (7,800)    (2,303)            –     (33,454)         –     (33,454)
                 Exchange adjustments        72,087       69,173        12,190      1,958        14,588     169,996     11,089     181,085

                 At 31 December 2021       2,704,697   2,512,340       433,415     60,083       471,945    6,182,480   397,278    6,579,758




112 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




11    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND RIGHT-OF USE ASSETS (continued)

      (a)    Reconciliation of carrying amount (continued)

                                                                        Furniture,
                                                                         fixtures,
                                                             Plant,         office                                           Right-
                                                         machinery     equipment              Construction-                  of-use
                                            Buildings    and tools     and others    Vehicles in-progress      Sub-total     assets        Total
                                             HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000    HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000

             Accumulated amortisation and
              depreciation:

             1 January 2020                  (387,545)    (771,156)      (185,976)   (31,248)             –   (1,375,925)   (42,227)   (1,418,152)

             Charge for the year              (99,226)    (157,325)       (30,670)     (3,416)            –    (290,637)    (10,776)    (301,413)
             Written back on disposals              –       12,370         16,390       3,423             –      32,183       3,212       35,395
             Exchange adjustments             (31,883)     (56,813)       (12,484)     (1,890)            –    (103,070)     (3,016)    (106,086)

             31 December 2020 and
               1 January 2021               (518,654)     (972,924)      (212,740)   (33,131)             –   (1,737,449)   (52,807)   (1,790,256)

             Charge for the year            (113,141)     (208,302)       (37,452)    (4,184)             –    (363,079)    (11,460)    (374,539)
             Written back on disposals             –        17,689          6,847      1,720              –      26,256           –       26,256
             Exchange adjustments            (17,312)      (31,712)        (6,869)    (1,311)             –     (57,204)     (1,624)     (58,828)

             At 31 December 2021            (649,107)    (1,195,249)     (250,214)   (36,906)             –   (2,131,476)   (65,891)   (2,197,367)

             Net book value:

             At 31 December 2021            2,055,590    1,317,091        183,201     23,177       471,945    4,051,004     331,387    4,382,391

             At 31 December 2020            1,839,239    1,257,644        191,368     14,813       533,077    3,836,141     333,382    4,169,523


             As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s right-of-use assets with a carrying amount of
             HK$54,746,000 (2020: HK$54,347,000) was pledged as collateral for the Group’s bank borrowings
             (see note 20).




                                                                                                               Annual Report 2021                  113
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    11    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND RIGHT-OF USE ASSETS (continued)

          (b)    Right-of-use assets

                 The analysis of the net book value of right-of-use assets by class of underlying asset is as follows:

                                                                                             2021                     2020
                                                                         Note             HK$’000                  HK$’000

                 Properties leased for own use, carried at
                   depreciated cost                                       (i)                4,847                   8,531
                 Land use rights, carried at depreciated cost             (ii)             326,540                 324,851

                                                                                           331,387                 333,382


                 The analysis of expense items in relation to leases recognised in profit or loss is as follows:

                                                                                             2021                     2020
                                                                                          HK$’000                  HK$’000

                 Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets by class of
                   underlying asset:
                   Properties leased for own use, carried at depreciated
                     cost                                                                     3,709                  3,610
                   Land use rights, carried at depreciated cost                               7,751                  7,166

                                                                                            11,460                  10,776

                 Interest on lease liabilities (note 6(a))                                      267                    313
                 Expense relating to short-term leases                                        8,197                  6,112

                 During the year, additions to right-of-use assets were nil (2020: HK$61,865,000), of which, nil
                 (2020: HK$52,812,000) related to the purchase of land use rights.

                 Details of total cash outflow for leases and the maturity analysis of lease liabilities are set out in
                 notes 19(d) and 23, respectively.




114 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




11    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND RIGHT-OF USE ASSETS (continued)

      (b)    Right-of-use assets (continued)

             (i)    Properties leased for own use, carried at depreciated cost

                    The Group leases office premises under leases expiring from 1 to 3 years. Some leases
                    include an option to renew the lease when all terms are renegotiated. None of the leases
                    includes variable lease payments.

             (ii)   Land use rights

                    Land use rights are located in Hebei Province and Jiangsu Province, the PRC, and are held on
                    medium-term leases of 37 to 50 years from the dates of acquisition.

      (c)    Assets leased out under operating leases

             The Group leases out certain office premise in the PRC under operating leases. The lease typically
             run for an initial period of three years with an option to renew the lease after that date at which
             time all terms are renegotiated. None of the leases includes contingent rentals. In 2021, the rental
             income is insignificant (see note 4(a)).




                                                                                       Annual Report 2021           115
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    12    INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                                                       Internally
                                                                                                       generated
                                                                                                    research and
                                                          Trademark                     Customer    development
                                             Goodwill    and patents    Software    relationships           costs      Total
                                              HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000

          Cost:

          At 1 January 2020                   475,309        177,137      24,594          77,648         181,712     936,400

          Additions                                 –         14,605       1,066               –         100,492     116,163
          Transfer                                  –         29,211           –               –         (29,211)          –
          Exchange adjustments                 30,575         12,212       1,641           4,994          17,313      66,735

          At 31 December 2020 and
            1 January 2021                    505,884        233,165      27,301          82,642         270,306    1,119,298

          Additions                                 –            241        680                –         213,156     214,077
          Transfer                                  –         68,829          –                –         (68,829)          –
          Exchange adjustments                 14,874          6,859        813            2,430          11,006      35,982

          At 31 December 2021                 520,758        309,094      28,794          85,072         425,639    1,369,357

          Accumulated amortisation

          At 1 January 2020                  (229,389)       (72,593)    (13,221)        (75,688)               –    (390,891)

          Amortisation charge for the year          –        (10,777)     (4,175)         (1,975)               –     (16,927)
          Exchange adjustments                (14,756)        (5,272)     (1,084)         (4,979)               –     (26,091)

          At 31 December 2020 and
            1 January 2021                   (244,145)       (88,642)    (18,480)        (82,642)               –   (433,909)

          Amortisation charge for the year          –        (11,380)     (3,895)              –                –     (15,275)
          Exchange adjustments                 (7,178)        (2,770)       (599)         (2,430)               –     (12,977)

          At 31 December 2021                (251,323)      (102,792)    (22,974)        (85,072)               –   (462,161)

          Net book value:

          At 31 December 2021                 269,435        206,302       5,820                –        425,639     907,196

          At 31 December 2020                 261,739        144,523       8,821                –        270,306     685,389


          Majority of amortisation of intangible assets is recognised in general and administrative expenses and
          research and development costs.




116 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




12    INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued)

      Impairment tests for cash-generating units containing goodwill

      Goodwill is allocated to the Group’s (CGU) identified according to country of operation and operating
      segment as follows:

                                                                                      2021                 2020
                                                                                   HK$’000              HK$’000

      Intravenous infusion solution and others                                     246,512               239,471
      Medical materials                                                             22,923                22,268

                                                                                   269,435               261,739


      The recoverable amount of each CGU is determined based on value-in-use calculations. These calculations
      use cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year to a
      ten-year period with the final year representing a steady state in the development of the business. Cash
      flows beyond the five-to-ten-year period are extrapolated using an estimated weighted average growth
      rate. The key assumptions for the value-in-use calculations are as follows, which are based on either the
      past experience or external sources of information:

                                          Intravenous infusion
                                           solution and others                      Medical materials
                                              2021                 2020                2021                 2020

      Gross profit margin in the
        next five to ten years      51.5% - 54.6%        52.5% - 57.2%                25.8%               26.6%
      Growth rate in the next
        five to ten years               19% - 38%             11% - 36%           3% - 31%              3% - 37%
      Other operating cost
        (as of revenue)                       32%             31% - 32%                 10%                  9%
      Perpetual growth rate                    3%                    3%                  3%                  3%
      Pre-tax discount rate                 15.6%                 16.4%               16.4%               16.4%

      Management determined the budgeted growth rate and gross margin based on past performance and its
      expectation for market development. The discount rates used are pre-tax and reflect specific risks relating
      to the relevant CGUs.

      The recoverable amount of the CGU of Intravenous infusion solution and others and Medical materials is
      estimated to exceed the carrying amount of the CGU at 31 December 2021 and 2020.




                                                                                       Annual Report 2021           117
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    13    INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES

          The following list contains all subsidiaries of the Group. The class of shares held is ordinary unless
          otherwise stated.

                                                                                           Proportion of ownership interest
                                                     Place of                           Group’s            Held
                                               incorporation              Issued/      effective         by the         Held by                      Type of
          Name of company                       and business    registered capital      interest      Company subsidiaries Principal activities      legal entity

          New Orient Investments                    Samoa/      United States Dollar     100%           100%               – Investment holding      Limited
            Pharmaceutical Holding               Hong Kong               (“USD”) 1                                                                     liability
            (Hong Kong) Limited                                                                                                                        company

          Shijiazhuang No. 4 Pharmaceutical         The PRC       RMB600,000,000         100%               –          100% Manufacturing and sale   Limited
            Co., Ltd. (“Shijiazhuang No. 4”)                                                                                 of pharmaceutical         liability
            (note (i))                                                                                                       products                  company

          Hebei Guolong Pharmaceutical              The PRC       RMB250,000,000         100%               –          100% Manufacturing and sale   Limited
            Co., Ltd.                                                                                                        of pharmaceutical         liability
                                                                                                                             products                  company

          Hebei Jinmen Pharmaceutical               The PRC          RMB5,000,000        100%               –          100% Trading of               Limited
            Import and Export Co., Ltd.                                                                                       pharmaceutical           liability
                                                                                                                              products                 company

          Hebei Guangxiang Pharmaceutical           The PRC          RMB3,000,000        100%               –          100% Pharmaceutical           Limited
            Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                                              technology research      liability
                                                                                                                              and development and      company
                                                                                                                              consulting

          Hebei Guangxiang Logistics                The PRC          RMB3,000,000         86%               –           86% Logistics of             Limited
            Co., Ltd.                                                                                                         pharmaceutical           liability
                                                                                                                              products                 company

          Shijiazhuang Guangxiang Catering          The PRC            RMB500,000        100%               –          100% Provision of food,       Limited
            Co., Ltd.                                                                                                         beverages and            liability
                                                                                                                              catering                 company

          Jiangsu Best New Medical Material         The PRC       RMB200,000,000         100%            41%            59% Manufacturing and sale   Limited
             Co., Ltd.                                                                                                       of pharmaceutical         liability
                                                                                                                             products                  company

          Hebei Hanlin Biotechnology                The PRC        RMB15,000,000          75%               –           75% Research and             Limited
            Co., Ltd.                                                                                                         development of           liability
                                                                                                                              biotechnology and        company
                                                                                                                              related products

          Hebei Guangxiang Pharmaceutical           The PRC       RMB850,000,000          76%               –           76% Manufacturing and sale   Limited
            Co., Ltd. (“Hebei Guangxiang”)                                                                                   of pharmaceutical         liability
            (note (i))                                                                                                       products                  company

          Anhui Guangxiang Pharmaceutical           The PRC        RMB10,000,000          80%               –           80% Trading of               Limited
           Co., Ltd.                                                                                                          pharmaceutical           liability
                                                                                                                              products                 company




118 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




13    INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (continued)

      Note:

      (i)       As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s effective interests in Hebei Guangxiang was 70%. During 2021,
                Shijiazhuang No.4 (a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group) subscribed for newly issued share capital of Hebei
                Guangxiang of RMB180,000,000 at a cash consideration of RMB199,800,000, equivalent to HK$242,444,000.
                The Group’s effective interests in Hebei Guangxiang was increased to 76%.

      The directors are of the view that the Group has no individually material non-controlling interests for the
      years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020.

14    INTERESTS IN AN ASSOCIATE

      As at 31 December 2021, the following list contains the particulars of the associate, which is a listed
      corporate entity whose quoted market price is available:

                                                                                          Proportion of ownership interest
                                                                      Particulars
                                            Form of          Place of of issued      Group’s
                                            business   incorporation and paid-      effective    Held by the                    Principal
      Name of associate                    structure    and business up capital      interest      Company Held by a subsidiary activity

      Cisen Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.*   Incorporated        The PRC 453,333,000       6.10%                –                 6.10% Production, sales
        (“Cisen”) (Note)                                                ordinary                                                     and research and
        辰欣藥業股份有限公司                                                        shares                                                     development of
                                                                                                                                     pharmaceuticals

      *         The English translation of these entities is for reference only. The official names of the entities established in the
                PRC are in Chinese.

      Note:     On 29 July 2021, the Group entered into an acquisition agreement with 天津乾鼎企業管理合夥企業（有限
                合夥） (Tianjin Qianding Corporation Management Partnership Enterprise (Limited Partnership)*) to acquire
                6.1015% equity interest in Cisen, a company principally engaged in the business of research and development,
                production and sales of pharmaceuticals of mainly chemical preparations, at the total consideration of RMB354
                million (equivalent to HK$427 million) (the “Transaction”). The acquisition of Cisen is an investment of the
                Group for its long-term returns.

                Cisen is a company established under the laws of the PRC, the shares of which are listed on the main board
                of Shanghai Stock Exchange. On 14 September 2021, the Transaction was approved by the China Securities
                Regulatory Commission. The Group obtains significant influence over Cisen as a result of the right of
                representation on the Board of Directors of Cisen. On 31 December 2021, the quoted market price of Cisen
                was RMB13.35 per share and the market value of the investment in Cisen was RMB369 million (equivalent to
                HK$451 million).

      The above associate is accounted for using the equity method in the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2021                    119
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    14    INTERESTS IN AN ASSOCIATE (continued)

          Summarised financial information of the material associate, adjusted for any differences in accounting
          policies, and reconciled to the carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statement, are disclosed
          below:

                                                                                                        Cisen
                                                                                                Pharmaceutical
                                                                                                     Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                         2021
                                                                                                      HK$’000

          Gross amounts of the associate

          Current assets                                                                              4,740,027
          Non-current assets                                                                          3,806,760
          Current liabilities                                                                         1,198,904
          Non-current liabilities                                                                       109,121
          Equity                                                                                      7,238,762

          Revenue                                                                                     4,561,023
          Profit from operations                                                                        402,911
          Other comprehensive income                                                                     (1,142)
          Total comprehensive income                                                                    401,769

          Reconciled to the Group’s interests in the associates

          Gross amounts of net assets of the associate                                                7,238,762
          Group’s effective interest                                                                   6.1018%
          Group’s share of net assets of the associate                                                  441,694

          Carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements                                      441,694




120 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




15    INVENTORIES

      (a)    Inventories in the consolidated statement of financial position comprise:

                                                                                       2021             2020
                                                                                    HK$’000          HK$’000

             Raw materials                                                           357,316          307,630
             Work in progress                                                         18,634            4,902
             Finished goods                                                          451,554          325,769

                                                                                     827,504          638,301


      (b)    The analysis of the amount of inventories recognised as an expense and included in profit
             or loss is as follows:

                                                                                       2021             2020
                                                                                    HK$’000          HK$’000

             Cost of inventories sold                                              2,123,970        1,517,841
             Cost of inventories directly recognised as research and
              development costs and selling and distribution costs                    56,368           31,021

                                                                                   2,180,338        1,548,862


16    TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES

                                                                                       2021             2020
                                                                                    HK$’000          HK$’000

      Trade receivables                                                            1,954,300        1,628,535
      Bills receivable                                                                79,910          193,407

                                                                                   2,034,210        1,821,942
      Less: Loss allowance                                                           (10,269)          (8,629)

                                                                                   2,023,941        1,813,313


      All of the trade and bills receivables are expected to be recovered within one year.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2021     121
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    16    TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (continued)

          Bills receivable represent short-term bank acceptance notes receivable that entitle the Group to receive the
          full face amount from the banks at maturity, which generally ranges from 3 to 12 months from the date
          of issuance. Historically, the Group had experienced no credit losses on bills receivable. The Group from
          time to time endorses bills receivable to suppliers in order to settle payables.

          As at 31 December 2021, the Group endorsed certain bank acceptance bills to suppliers for settling
          payables of the same amount on a full recourse basis. The Group has derecognised these bills receivable
          and payables to suppliers in their entirety. These derecognised bank acceptance bills had a maturity date
          of less than six months from the end of the reporting period. In the opinion of the directors, the Group
          has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of these bills and has discharged its
          obligation of the payables to its suppliers, and the Group has limited exposure in respect of the settlement
          obligation of these bills receivable under the relevant PRC rules and regulations, should the issuing banks
          fail to settle the bills on maturity date. The Group considered the issuing banks of these bills are of good
          credit quality and non-settlement of these bills by the issuing banks on maturity is not probable. Bills
          receivable were therefore derecognised.

          As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s maximum exposure to loss and undiscounted cash outflow, which is
          same as the amount payable by the Group to suppliers in respect of the endorsed bills, should the issuing
          banks fail to settle the bills on maturity date, amounted to HK$623 million (31 December 2020: HK$480
          million).

          Ageing analysis

          As of the end of the reporting period, the ageing analysis of trade and bills receivables, based on the
          invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                          2021                  2020
                                                                                       HK$’000               HK$’000

          Within 3 months                                                             1,278,663            1,241,113
          4 to 6 months                                                                 476,113              332,059
          7 to 12 months                                                                269,828              226,460
          1 to 2 years                                                                    6,433               22,310
          More than 2 years                                                               3,173                    –

                                                                                      2,034,210            1,821,942


          Further details on the Group’s credit policy and credit risk arising from trade and bills receivable are set
          out in note 27(a).




122 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




17    PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                   2021                2020
                                                                                HK$’000             HK$’000

      Individual income tax recoverable from employee (note 22)                   90,610              90,610
      Prepayments for purchases of inventories                                    42,959              33,512
      Other deposits                                                              24,783               4,967
      Value-added tax recoverable                                                 75,983              73,806
      Staff advances                                                              13,148               8,097
      Government grants                                                                –              26,620
      Interest income on bank deposits                                             8,608              10,361
      Professional service expense                                                18,356              12,570
      Others                                                                      25,586              34,258

                                                                                300,033             294,801
      Less: Loss allowance                                                         (222)                (92)

                                                                                299,811             294,709


18    PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS, TIME DEPOSITS AND FIXED DEPOSITS

                                                                                   2021                2020
                                                                                HK$’000             HK$’000

      Current

      Time deposits with original maturities over three months                    37,916              61,547
      Pledged bank deposits                                                       33,012               4,822

                                                                                  70,928              66,369

      Non-current

      Pledged bank deposits                                                          456                519
      Fixed deposits with original maturities over one year                       62,133            118,816

                                                                                  62,589            119,335


      Pledged bank deposits as at 31 December 2021 were pledged for letters of credit facilities and bank
      acceptance notes issued by Shijiazhuang No.4 and its subsidiaries.

      As at 31 December 2021, fixed deposits with original maturities over one year have guaranteed repayment
      of principal, fixed returns and maturity periods of two to four years from the date of issue.




                                                                                    Annual Report 2021          123
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    19    CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION

          (a)    Cash and cash equivalents comprise:

                                                                                   2021            2020
                                                                                HK$’000         HK$’000

                 Cash on hand                                                         23              22
                 Cash at bank                                                  1,661,713       1,445,883

                 Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated cash
                   flow statement                                              1,661,736       1,445,905


          (b)    Reconciliation of profit before taxation to cash generated from operations:

                                                                                   2021            2020
                                                                      Note      HK$’000         HK$’000

                 Profit before taxation                                          948,397        725,215

                 Adjustments for:
                  Provision for/(reversal of) impairment of trade
                     and bills receivables                            6(c)         1,366           (332)
                  Provision for impairment of other receivables       6(c)           125              8
                  Amortisation of intangible assets                   6(c)        14,301         15,943
                  Amortisation of deferred revenue                    25          (9,844)       (13,372)
                  Depreciation                                        6(c)       374,539        301,413
                  Finance costs                                       6(a)        61,298         51,472
                  Interest income                                     6(a)       (24,707)       (22,977)
                  Share of profit of an associate                                 (5,426)             –
                  Net gain on disposal of property, plant and
                     equipment                                         5              (6)         (2,055)
                  Realised gain on disposal of equity securities       5         (10,716)              –
                  Equity-settled share-based payment expenses         6(b)        67,050               –

                 Changes in working capital:
                  Increase in inventories                                       (172,814)       (186,376)
                  Increase in trade and bills receivables                       (535,651)       (204,977)
                  Increase in prepayments, deposits and other
                    receivables                                                  (11,030)        (27,105)
                  Increase in trade and bills payables                           149,892          55,217
                  Increase/(decrease) in contract liabilities                     46,388          (4,292)
                  Increase in accruals and other payables                         35,719          32,616
                  Increase in pledged bank deposits                              (27,573)           (108)

                 Cash generated from operations                                  901,308        720,290




124 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




19    CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION (continued)

      (c)    Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities

             The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities from financing activities, including both
             cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are liabilities for which cash
             flows were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated cash flow statement
             as cash flows from financing activities.

                                                                            Lease liabilities         Borrowings
                                                                                                        (note 20)
                                                                                     HK$’000             HK$’000

             At 1 January 2021                                                          8,274            2,427,072

             Changes from financing cash flows:

             Proceeds from new bank loans                                                   –            2,220,945
             Repayment of bank loans                                                        –           (1,587,706)
             Capital element of lease rentals paid                                     (3,678)                   –
             Interest element of lease rentals paid                                      (267)                   –

             Total changes from financing cash flows                                   (3,945)             633,239

             Exchange adjustments                                                           14              40,122

             Other change:

             Interest expense                                                             267                2,762

             Total other change                                                           267                2,762

             At 31 December 2021                                                        4,610            3,103,195




                                                                                          Annual Report 2021           125
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    19    CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION (continued)

          (c)    Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                                               Lease liabilities   Borrowings
                                                                                                     (note 20)
                                                                                      HK$’000         HK$’000

                 At 1 January 2020                                                       3,298     1,695,857

                 Changes from financing cash flows:

                 Proceeds from new bank loans                                                –     1,664,273
                 Repayment of bank loans                                                     –      (992,722)
                 Capital element of lease rentals paid                                  (3,506)            –
                 Interest element of lease rentals paid                                   (313)            –

                 Total changes from financing cash flows                                (3,819)      671,551

                 Exchange adjustments                                                        65        63,050

                 Other changes:

                 Increase in lease liabilities from entering into new leases
                   during the year                                                       8,417              –
                 Interest expense                                                          313         (3,386)

                 Total other changes                                                     8,730         (3,386)

                 At 31 December 2020                                                     8,274     2,427,072


          (d)    Total cash outflow for leases

                 Amounts included in the cash flow statement for leases comprise the following:

                                                                                        2021            2020
                                                                                     HK$’000         HK$’000

                 Within operating cash flows                                             8,197          6,112
                 Within financing cash flows                                             3,945          3,819

                                                                                       12,142           9,931




126 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




20    BORROWINGS

      (a)    The analysis of the repayment schedule of bank borrowings is as follows:

                                                                                  2021                2020
                                                                               HK$’000             HK$’000

             Within 1 year or on demand                                       1,414,438           1,327,115

             After 1 year but within 2 years                                  1,093,111              46,681
             After 2 years but within 5 years                                   595,646           1,053,276

                                                                              1,688,757           1,099,957

                                                                              3,103,195           2,427,072


      (b)    Assets pledged as security and covenants for bank borrowings

             At 31 December 2021 and 2020, the Group’s bank borrowings were secured as follows:

                                                                                  2021                2020
                                                                               HK$’000             HK$’000

             Bank borrowings
               – secured                                                        234,834             292,286
               – unsecured                                                    2,868,361           2,134,786

                                                                              3,103,195           2,427,072


             As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s borrowings of HK$234,834,000 (2020: HK$292,286,000)
             were secured by the Group’s right-of-use assets with a carrying amount of HK$54,746,000 (2020:
             HK$54,347,000).

             The Group’s drawn down bank facilities of HK$2,521,615,000 (2020: HK$2,231,026,000) are
             subject to the fulfilment of covenants relating to certain specific performance requirements on
             the Group. If the Group were to breach the covenants, the drawn down facilities would become
             payable on demand. The Group regularly monitors its compliance with covenants. As at 31
             December 2021, the Group did not breach any covenants relating to drawn down facilities, which
             would be paid on demand by the banks.




                                                                                    Annual Report 2021         127
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    21    TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLE

                                                                                        2021                2020
                                                                                     HK$’000             HK$’000

          Within 3 months                                                            377,575             207,145
          4 to 6 months                                                               15,693              20,391
          7 to 12 months                                                               4,272               9,528
          1 to 3 years                                                                 3,194               2,788
          More than 3 years                                                              951                 710

                                                                                     401,685             240,562


    22    ACCRUALS AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                        2021                2020
                                                                                     HK$’000             HK$’000

          Payables for purchase of property, plant and equipment                     152,184             224,819
          Withholding individual income tax payables                                  90,610              90,610
          Accrued salaries and wages                                                  47,375              42,019
          Deposits from constructors                                                  47,379              39,416
          Value-added tax payable                                                     36,093              26,931
          Welfare payables                                                             6,585               4,485
          Professional fee payables                                                   14,587              16,919
          Travelling, meeting and entertainment expenses                              14,082              12,631
          Reserve for production safety                                                4,714               1,956
          Others                                                                      10,179               9,805

                                                                                     423,788             469,591


          Withholding individual income tax payables

          According to the relevant the PRC tax laws and regulations, the PRC subsidiaries of the Group are
          responsible for withholding individual income tax for directors and employees’ gain from the disposal of
          their shares of the Company acquired through the option scheme. In this regard, HK$90,610,000 (31
          December 2020: HK$90,610,000) payables relating to the PRC individual income taxes in total have been
          recorded in the consolidated financial statements. Meanwhile, the same amount of receivables is also
          recorded (note 17).




128 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




23    LEASE LIABILITIES

      At 31 December 2021, the lease liabilities were repayable as follows:

                                                                                 2021              2020
                                                                              HK$’000           HK$’000

      Within 1 year or on demand                                                 2,809             3,664

      After 1 year but within 2 years                                            1,801             2,809
      After 2 years but within 5 years                                               –             1,801

                                                                                 1,801             4,610

                                                                                 4,610             8,274


24    INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

      (a)    Current taxation in the consolidated statement of financial position represents:

                                                                                 2021              2020
                                                                              HK$’000           HK$’000

             At beginning of the year                                           30,883            63,207
             Provision for the year (note 7(a))                                167,983           127,160
             Tax paid                                                         (142,832)         (161,661)
             Exchange adjustments                                                1,268             2,177

             At end of the year                                                57,302            30,883




                                                                                  Annual Report 2021       129
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    24    INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (continued)

          (b)    Deferred tax assets and liabilities recognised:

                 The components of deferred tax (assets)/liabilities recognised in the consolidated statement of
                 financial position and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                                               Amortisation
                                                                                  Provision            and       Accrued      Revaluation
                                                                    Deferred      for asset    depreciation expenses and      of assets on    Withholding
                 Deferred tax arising from:                         revenue     impairment        of assets       others       acquisition            tax         Total
                                                                     HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000

                 At 1 January 2020                                    (9,509)        (1,359)          (926)        (1,228)         15,014           9,189        11,181

                 (Credited)/charged to profit or loss (note 7(a))     (4,172)            50            167         (2,738)          (3,632)        (2,439)      (12,764)
                 Exchange adjustments                                   (844)           (86)           (50)          (168)             762            454            68

                 At 31 December 2020 and 1 January 2021              (14,525)        (1,395)          (809)       (4,134)          12,144           7,204        (1,515)

                 (Credited)/charged to profit or loss (note 7(a))     (1,480)         (253)             74        (7,690)           (1,032)         2,502        (7,879)
                 Exchange adjustments                                   (449)          (44)            (22)         (203)              343            248          (127)

                 At 31 December 2021                                 (16,454)        (1,692)          (757)      (12,027)          11,455           9,954        (9,521)


                 Reconciliation to the consolidated statement of financial position:

                                                                                                                                2021                            2020
                                                                                                                             HK$’000                         HK$’000

                 Net deferred tax assets recognised in the consolidated
                   statement of financial position                                                                           (30,930)                        (20,863)
                 Net deferred tax liabilities recognised in the
                   consolidated statement of financial position                                                               21,409                          19,348

                                                                                                                               (9,521)                        (1,515)


          (c)    Deferred tax assets not recognised

                 In accordance with the accounting policy set out in note 2(w), the Group has not recognised
                 deferred tax assets in respect of cumulative tax losses of HK$85,621,000 (2020: HK$78,431,000)
                 as it is not probable that future taxable profits against which the losses can be utilised will
                 be available in the relevant tax jurisdiction and entity. The tax losses incurred by the Group’s
                 subsidiaries in the PRC will expire in 5 years from the respective balance sheet date and the tax
                 losses incurred in other tax jurisdiction do not expire.




130 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




24    INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (continued)

      (d)    Deferred tax liabilities not recognised

             At 31 December 2021, temporary differences relating to the undistributed profits of subsidiaries
             in the PRC amounted to HK$5,917,301,000 (2020: HK$5,377,254,000). Deferred tax liabilities of
             HK$295,865,000 (2020: HK$268,863,000) have not been recognised in respect of the tax that
             would be payable on the distribution of these retained profits as the Group controls the dividend
             policy of these subsidiaries and it has been determined that it is probable that these profits will not
             be distributed in the foreseeable future.

25    DEFERRED REVENUE

      Deferred revenue represented subsidies received from municipal governments represented for the
      construction of laboratories and plants of the Group, and are recognised in profit or loss when the
      depreciation expense of the laboratories and plants are recognised in profit or loss.

      The movements of deferred revenue are as follows:

                                                                                        2021                 2020
                                                                                     HK$’000              HK$’000

      At 1 January                                                                     96,837               56,137
      Additions                                                                        19,708               48,496
      Government grant recognised as other revenue                                     (9,844)             (13,372)
      Exchange adjustments                                                              2,989                5,576

      At 31 December                                                                 109,690                96,837




                                                                                          Annual Report 2021           131
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    26    CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS

          (a)    Movements in components of equity

                 The reconciliation between the opening and closing balances of each component of the Group’s
                 consolidated equity is set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Details of the
                 changes in the Company’s individual components of equity between the beginning and the end of
                 the year are set out below:

                                                                                                          Share- (Accumulated
                                                                                                           based       losses)/
                                                                        Share       Share     Capital   payment       retained
                                                                       capital   premium     reserve     reserve     earnings       Total
                                                           Note       HK$’000     HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000

                 Balance at 1 January 2020                             67,454     417,589    173,703       7,040       (17,020)   648,766

                 Changes in equity for 2020:

                 Shares issued under share option
                   scheme                                26(c)(iii)       640      88,960           –     (7,040)            –     82,560
                 Dividends paid to equity shareholders
                   of the Company                         26(b)              –   (108,323)          –          –      (224,537)   (332,860)
                 Purchase and cancellation of own
                   shares                                26(c)(ii)       (412)    (98,450)          –          –             –     (98,862)
                 Total comprehensive income for the
                   year                                                      –          –           –          –       262,005    262,005

                 Balance at 31 December 2020 and
                   1 January 2021                                      67,682     299,776    173,703           –        20,448    561,609

                 Changes in equity for 2021:

                 Dividends paid to equity shareholders
                   of the Company                         26(b)              –          –           –          –      (302,610)   (302,610)
                 Purchase and cancellation of own
                   shares                                26(c)(ii)       (941)   (186,673)          –          –             –    (187,614)
                 Grant of share options                  26(d)(iii)         –           –           –     67,050             –      67,050
                 Total comprehensive income for the
                   year                                                      –          –           –          –       449,461    449,461

                 Balance at 31 December 2021                           66,741     113,103    173,703      67,050       167,299    587,896




132 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




26    CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (continued)

      (b)    Dividends

             (i)    Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the year:

                                                                                   2021                2020
                                                                                HK$’000             HK$’000

                    Interim dividend declared and paid of HK5.0
                      cents per ordinary share (2020: HK5.0 cents
                      per ordinary share)                                        151,305            151,023
                    Final dividend proposed after the end of the
                      reporting period of HK7.0 cents per ordinary
                      share (2020: HK5.0 cents per ordinary share)               209,453            151,305

                                                                                 360,758            302,328


                    The final dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period has not been recognised
                    as a liability at the end of the reporting period.

             (ii)   Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the
                    previous financial year, approved and paid during the year

                                                                                   2021                2020
                                                                                HK$’000             HK$’000

                    Final dividend in respect of the previous financial
                      year, approved and paid during the year, of
                      HK5.0 cents per share (2020: HK6.0 cents per
                      share)                                                     151,305            181,837




                                                                                    Annual Report 2021          133
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    26    CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (continued)

          (c)    Share capital

                 (i)     Issued share capital

                                                                        2021                          2020
                                                                  No. of                         No. of
                                                                  shares                         shares
                                                                   (’000)    HK$’000             (’000)       HK$’000

                         Ordinary shares of HK$0.02
                          each, issued and fully paid:

                         At 1 January                         3,043,727          67,682      3,032,325         67,454
                         Purchase and cancellation of
                           own shares (note 26(c)(ii))            (47,038)         (941)       (20,598)           (412)
                         Shares issued under share
                           option scheme (note 26(c)(iii))              –              –        32,000             640

                                                              2,996,689          66,741      3,043,727         67,682


                         The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time
                         and are entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the Company. All ordinary shares rank
                         equally with regard to the Company’s residual assets.

                 (ii)    Purchase and cancellation of own shares

                         In 2021, the Company repurchased and cancelled a total of 47,038,000 (2020: 20,598,000)
                         ordinary shares of the Company through the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited at an
                         aggregate consideration of approximately HK$187,614,000 (2020: HK$98,862,000), in
                         accordance with the Company Law of the Cayman Islands.

                 (iii)   Shares issued under share option scheme

                         During 2020, a total of 32,000,000 share options were exercised by one director of the
                         Company, with an exercise price of HK$2.58 to subscribe for 32,000,000 ordinary shares
                         in the Company at a consideration of HK$82,560,000, all of which was credited to share
                         capital and share premium. HK$7,040,000 was transferred from the share-based payment
                         reserve to the share premium account in accordance with policy set out in note 2(x). No
                         share options were exercised during 2021.




134 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




26    CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (continued)

      (d)    Nature and purpose of reserves

             (i)     Share premium

                     The application of the share premium account is governed by the Companies Law of the
                     Cayman Islands. The share premium account may be applied by the Company to pay
                     distributions or dividends to the equity shareholders of the Company.

             (ii)    Statutory reserve

                     In accordance with the relevant PRC accounting rules and regulations, the PRC subsidiaries
                     of the Company are required to make appropriation of its retained earnings to statutory
                     general reserve at the rate of 10% of its net profit each year, until the reserve balance
                     reaches 50% of its paid up capital. The transfer to this reserve must be made before
                     distribution of dividend to equity owners. The statutory reserve fund can be utilised to offset
                     prior year’s losses or converted into paid up capital.

             (iii)   Share-based payment reserve

                     On 12 January 2021, 100,000,000 share options were granted to seven employees of the
                     Group, at a consideration of HK$1.00 in sum for each employee (no share options were
                     granted during the year ended 31 December 2020). Each option entitles the holder to
                     subscribe for one ordinary share in the Company. These share options vest immediately and
                     are exercisable within a period of 5 years. The exercise price is HK$4.218. The Group has no
                     legal or constructive obligation to repurchase or settle the share options in cash.

                     No share options were exercised during the year ended 31 December 2021 (year ended 31
                     December 2020: 32,000,000). As at 31 December 2021, the total number of share options
                     outstanding and exercisable was 100,000,000 (31 December 2020: nil).

                     The number and weighted average exercise prices of share options are as follows:

                                                                   2021                            2020
                                                            Average                         Average
                                                            exercise Number of              exercise    Number of
                                                               price    options                price      options
                                                               (HK$                            (HK$
                                                          per share)      (‘000)          per share)       (‘000)

                     Outstanding at 1 January                    n/a              –            2.58         32,000
                     Granted                                    4.22        100,000             n/a              –
                     Exercised                                   n/a              –            2.58        (32,000)

                     Outstanding and exercisable at
                      31 December                                           100,000                               –




                                                                                          Annual Report 2021           135
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    26    CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (continued)

          (d)    Nature and purpose of reserves (continued)

                 (iii)   Share-based payment reserve (continued)

                         The weighted average share price at the date of exercise for share options exercised during
                         2020 was HK$4.58. No share options were exercised during 2021.

                         The options outstanding at 31 December 2021 had an exercise price of HK$4.218 (2020: nil)
                         and a weighted average remaining contractual life of 4.03 years (2020: nil).

                         Fair value of share options and assumptions

                         The fair value of services received in return for share options is measured by reference to
                         the fair value of share options granted. The fair value of share options granted during the
                         year ended 31 December 2021 is HK$67,050,000 (2020: nil). The estimate of the fair value
                         of the share options granted is measured based on a binomial tree model. The contractual
                         life of the share option is used as an input into this model. Expectations of early exercise are
                         incorporated into the binomial tree model.

                         Fair value of share options and assumptions                                               2021

                         Fair value at measurement dates                                                       HK$0.67
                         Share price                                                                           HK$4.13
                         Exercise price                                                                       HK$4.218
                         Expected volatility (expressed as a weighted average volatility used in
                           the modelling under binomial tree model)                                                40%
                         Option life                                                                             5 years
                         Suboptimal exercise factor                                                                 1.19
                         Expected dividend yield                                                                 2.66%
                         Average risk-free interest rate                                                         0.15%

                         The expected volatility is determined by reference to the average implied volatility of
                         comparable companies that manufacture similar products as the Group.

                         Expected dividend yield is based on historical dividends. Changes in the subjective input
                         assumptions could materially affect the fair value estimate.

                         In respect of share options granted during the year ended 31 December 2021, the service
                         condition has been taken into account in the grant date fair value measurement of the
                         services received. There was no market condition associated with these share options.

                         The Company adopted a restricted share award scheme (the “RSU Scheme”) on 27
                         December 2018, pursuant to which, existing shares will be purchased by the trustee and
                         each selected participant may be granted, at any one time or in aggregate, no more than
                         1% of the issued share capital of the Company. Up to the date of this report, the Company
                         has no share purchased by the trustee and no share awarded to the selected participant.

                 (iv)    Currency translation differences

                         The currency translation differences comprise all foreign exchange differences arising from
                         the translation of the financial statements of certain subsidiaries within the Group. The
                         reserve is dealt with in accordance with the accounting policies set out in note 2(g).




136 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




26    CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (continued)

      (e)    Distributability of reserves

             At 31 December 2021, the aggregate amount of reserves available for distribution to equity
             shareholders of the Company was HK$280,402,000 (2020: HK$320,224,000).

      (f)    Capital management

             The Group’s primary objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to
             continue as a going concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for shareholders and
             benefits for other stakeholders, by pricing products and services commensurately with the level of
             risk and by securing access to finance at a reasonable cost.

             The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to maintain a balance
             between the higher shareholders returns that might be possible with higher levels of borrowings
             and the advantages and security afforded by a sound capital position, and makes adjustments to
             the capital structure in light of changes in economic conditions.

             Consistent with others in the industry, the Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing
             ratio. This ratio is calculated as net debt divided by total capital less non-controlling interests. Net
             debt is calculated as total borrowings (including current and non-current borrowings) less cash and
             cash equivalents. Total capital less non-controlling interests is calculated as total equity less non-
             controlling interests plus net debt.

             The gearing ratios at 31 December 2021 and 2020 were as follows:

                                                                                         2021                 2020
                                                                                      HK$’000              HK$’000

             Borrowings (note 20)                                                   3,103,195             2,427,072
             Lease liabilities (note 23)                                                4,610                 8,274
             Less: Cash and cash equivalents (note 19)                             (1,661,736)           (1,445,905)

             Net debt                                                               1,446,069               989,441

             Total equity less non-controlling interests                            6,218,863             5,652,036

             Total capital less non-controlling interests                           7,664,932             6,641,477

             Gearing ratio                                                              18.9%                14.9%




                                                                                          Annual Report 2021            137
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    27    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

          Exposure to credit, liquidity, interest rate and currency risks arises in the normal course of the Group’s
          business. The Group’s exposure to these risks and the financial risk management policies and practices
          used by the Group to manage these risks are described below.

          (a)    Credit risk

                 Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting
                 in a financial loss to the Group. The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to trade receivables.
                 The Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from cash and cash equivalents, pledged bank deposits,
                 time deposits, fixed deposits and bills receivable is limited. The Group’s exposure to credit risk
                 arising from refundable rental deposits is considered to be low, taking into account the remaining
                 lease term and the period covered by the rental deposits.

                 As at 31 December 2021, 97% (2020: 99%) of the Group’s bank deposits are placed in major
                 financial institutions located in the PRC and Hong Kong, which management believes are of high
                 credit quality without significant credit risk. The Group also has policies that limit the amount of
                 credit exposure to any financial institution, subject to periodic review.

                                                                                             2021                  2020
                                                                                          HK$’000               HK$’000

                 State-owned banks                                                       1,037,228               628,525
                 Listed banks other than state-owned banks                                 697,653               980,275
                 Other financial institutions                                               60,349                22,787

                 Total                                                                   1,795,230            1,631,587


                 As at 31 December 2021, all of the Group’s bills receivables are bank acceptance notes, the credit
                 risks of which rest with the issuing banks. The directors of the Company are satisfied that the risks
                 arising from those notes are minimal considering the credit quality of the issuing banks. The Group
                 does not provide any guarantees which would expose the Group to credit risk.




138 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




27    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

      (a)    Credit risk (continued)

             Trade receivables

             The Group’s exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the individual characteristics of each
             customer rather than the industry or country in which the customers operate and therefore
             significant concentrations of credit risk primarily arise when the Group has significant exposure to
             individual customers. At the end of the reporting period, 6.09% (2020: 1.50%) and 16.62% (2020:
             10.49%) of the total trade receivables was due from the Group’s largest customer and the five
             largest customers respectively.

             Individual credit evaluations are performed on all customers requiring credit over a certain amount.
             These evaluations focus on the customer’s past history of making payments when due and current
             ability to pay, and take into account information specific to the customer as well as pertaining to
             the economic environment in which the customer operates. Trade receivables are normally due
             within 30 to 180 days from the date of billing. A regular review is carried out and follow up actions
             are taken on overdue amounts to minimise the Group’s exposure to credit risk. Normally, the
             Group does not obtain collateral from customers.

             The Group measures loss allowances for trade receivables at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs,
             which is calculated using a provision matrix. As the Group’s historical credit loss experience does
             not indicate significantly different loss patterns for different customer segments, the loss allowance
             based on past due status is not further distinguished between the Group’s different customer
             bases.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2021           139
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    27    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

          (a)    Credit risk (continued)

                 Trade receivables (continued)

                 The following table provides information about the Group’s exposure to credit risk and ECLs for
                 trade receivables:


                                                                                      2021
                                                                                          Gross
                                                                      Expected         carrying             Loss
                                                                      loss rate         amount        allowance
                                                                             %            $’000            $’000

                 Current (not past due)                                  0.50%        1,198,753           (5,993)
                 1 – 90 days past due                                    0.50%          476,113           (2,381)
                 over 90 days past due                                   0.68%          279,434           (1,895)

                                                                                      1,954,300          (10,269)


                                                                                      2020
                                                                                          Gross
                                                                       Expected        carrying              Loss
                                                                       loss rate        amount         allowance
                                                                              %          $’000             $’000

                 Current (not past due)                                  0.50%        1,047,706           (5,239)
                 1 – 90 days past due                                    0.50%          332,059           (1,660)
                 over 90 days past due                                   0.70%          248,770           (1,730)

                                                                                      1,628,535           (8,629)


                 Expected loss rates are based on actual loss experience over the past 3 years. These rates are
                 adjusted to reflect differences between economic conditions during the period over which the
                 historic data has been collected, current conditions and the Group’s view of economic conditions
                 over the expected lives of the receivables.




140 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




27    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

      (a)    Credit risk (continued)

             Trade receivables (continued)

             Movement in the loss allowance account in respect of trade receivables during the year is as
             follows:

                                                                                      2021                  2020
                                                                                   HK$’000               HK$’000

             Balance at 1 January                                                      8,629                8,437
             Provision for/(reversal of) impairment losses recognised
               during the year                                                         1,366                 (332)
             Exchange adjustments                                                        274                  524

             Balance at 31 December                                                  10,269                 8,629


      (b)    Liquidity risk

             The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor its liquidity requirements and its compliance with lending
             covenants, to ensure that it maintains sufficient reserves of cash and adequate committed lines of
             funding from major financial institutions to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer
             term.

             The following tables show the remaining contractual maturities at the end of the reporting period
             of the Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities, which are based on contractual undiscounted cash
             flows (including interest payments computed using contractual rates or, if floating, based on rates
             current at the end of the reporting period) and the earliest date the Group can be required to pay:

                                                                        2021
                                                       Contractual undiscounted cash outflow
                                                               More than    More than
                                                                  1 year      2 years                   Carrying
                                                     Within      but less     but less                 amount at
                                                   1 year or      than 2       than 5                         31
                                                 on demand         years        years         Total    December
                                                    HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000

             Borrowings                            1,481,672    1,122,242      615,437     3,219,351    3,103,195
             Trade and bills payables                401,685            –            –       401,685      401,685
             Accruals and other payables             297,085            –            –       297,085      297,085
             Lease liabilities                         2,931        1,820            –         4,751        4,610

                                                   2,183,373    1,124,062      615,437     3,922,872    3,806,575




                                                                                         Annual Report 2021          141
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    27    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
          (b)    Liquidity risk (continued)

                                                                                2020
                                                               Contractual undiscounted cash outflow
                                                                      More than      More than                       Carrying
                                                           Within          1 year      2 years                      amount at
                                                         1 year or       but less      but less                            31
                                                       on demand than 2 years than 5 years              Total       December
                                                         HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000
                 Borrowings                             1,373,533          82,523      1,072,156       2,528,212    2,427,072
                 Trade payables                           240,562               –              –         240,562      240,562
                 Accruals and other payables              352,036               –              –         352,036      352,036
                 Lease liabilities                          3,930           2,931          1,820           8,681        8,274

                                                        1,970,061          85,454      1,073,976       3,129,491    3,027,944

          (c)    Interest rate risk
                 Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will
                 fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates. The Group’s interest rate risk arises primarily
                 from cash at banks, deposits with banks, interest-bearing borrowings and lease liabilities. Borrowings
                 issued at variable rates and cash at banks expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk. Deposits
                 with banks and borrowings issued at floating rates expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk.
                 The Group’s interest rate profile as monitored by management is set out in (i) below.
                 (i)    Interest rate profile
                        The following table details the interest rate profile of the Group’s total borrowings, cash at
                        banks, deposits with banks and lease liabilities at the end of the reporting period.

                                                                       2021                                 2020
                                                               Effective                            Effective
                                                           interest rate                        interest rate
                                                                      %             HK$’000                %         HK$’000
                        Fixed rate instruments:
                        Pledged bank deposits
                           and time deposits                 0.30 – 3.99             133,517       3.20 – 3.85       185,704
                        Cash at banks                               3.85              73,385       1.75 – 3.99       106,934
                        Borrowings                           2.65 – 3.10            (887,353)      1.78 – 3.03      (588,138)
                        Lease liabilities                           4.00              (4,610)      3.92 – 5.88        (8,274)

                                                                                    (685,061)                       (303,774)

                        Variable rate instruments:
                        Cash at banks                        0.01 – 0.35        1,588,328          0.30 – 0.35      1,338,949
                        Borrowings                           1.05 – 4.20       (2,215,842)         1.59 – 4.30     (1,838,934)

                                                                                    (627,514)                       (499,985)

                                                                               (1,312,575)                          (803,759)




142 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




27    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

      (c)    Interest rate risk (continued)

             (ii)   Sensitivity analysis

                    At 31 December 2021, it is estimated that a general increase/decrease of 100 basis points
                    in interest rates, with all other variables held constant, would have decreased/increased
                    the Group’s profit after tax and retained profits by approximately HK$6,937,000 (2020:
                    HK$4,427,000).

                    The sensitivity analysis above indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s profit after
                    tax (and retained earnings) that would arise assuming that the change in interest rates had
                    occurred at the end of the reporting period and had been applied to re-measure those
                    financial instruments held by the Group which expose the Group to fair value interest rate
                    risk at the end of the reporting period. In respect of the exposure to cash flow interest rate
                    risk arising from floating rate non-derivative instruments held by the Group at the end of
                    the reporting period, the impact on the Group’s profit after tax (and retained earnings)
                    is estimated as an annualised impact on interest expense or income of such a change in
                    interest rates. The analysis is performed on the same basis as 2020.

      (d)    Currency risk

             The Group is exposed to currency risk primarily through sales and purchases which give rise
             to receivables, payables and cash balances that are denominated in a foreign currency, i.e. a
             currency other than the functional currency of the operations to which the transactions relate. The
             currencies giving rise to this risk are primarily United States dollars and Euros. The Group manages
             this risk as follows:

             (i)    Exposure to currency risk

                    The following table details the Group’s exposure at the end of the reporting period to
                    currency risk arising from recognised assets or liabilities denominated in a currency other
                    than the functional currency of the entity to which they relate. For presentation purposes,
                    the amounts of the exposure are shown in HK$, translated using the spot rate at the year
                    end date. Differences resulting from the translation of the financial statements of the
                    entities into the Group’s presentation currency is excluded.

                                                               2021                            2020
                                                     RMB         USD        Euro       RMB       USD         Euro
                                                  HK$’000     HK$’000    HK$’000    HK$’000   HK$’000     HK$’000

                    Trade and other receivables         –      72,903          –          –     38,958          –
                    Cash and cash equivalents       1,014     112,744     15,934      1,011    110,473      3,448
                    Trade and other payables            –      (8,139)    (1,841)         –     (6,582)      (954)

                    Net exposure arising from
                      recognised assets and
                      liabilities                   1,014     177,508     14,093      1,011    142,849      2,494




                                                                                        Annual Report 2021           143
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    27    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

          (d)    Currency risk

                 (ii)   Sensitivity analysis

                        The following table indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s profit after tax (and
                        retained earnings) and other components of consolidated equity that would arise if foreign
                        exchange rates to which the Group has significant exposure at the end of the reporting
                        period had changed at that date, assuming all other risk variables remained constant. In this
                        respect, it is assumed that the pegged rate between the Hong Kong dollar and the United
                        States dollar would be materially unaffected by any changes in movement in value of the
                        United States dollar against other currencies.

                                                                    2021                             2020
                                                            Increase/      Effect on         Increase/      Effect on
                                                           (decrease)    profit after      (decrease)     profit after
                                                           in foreign        tax and       in foreign         tax and
                                                            exchange        retained        exchange         retained
                                                                rates      earnings              rates       earnings
                                                                            HK$’000                         HK$’000

                        USD (against HKD)                          3%           4,484            3%             3,600
                                                                  (3%)         (4,484)          -3%            (3,600)
                        EUR (against HKD)                          3%             359            3%                64
                                                                  (3%)           (359)          -3%               (64)


                        Results of the analysis as presented in the above table represent an aggregation of the
                        instantaneous effects on each of the Group entities’ profit after tax and equity measured in
                        the respective functional currencies, translated into HK$ at the exchange rate ruling at the
                        end of the reporting period for presentation purposes.

                        The sensitivity analysis assumes that the change in foreign exchange rates had been applied
                        to re-measure those financial instruments held by the Group which expose the Group to
                        foreign currency risk at the end of the reporting period, including inter-company payables
                        and receivables within the Group which are denominated in a currency other than the
                        functional currencies of the lender or the borrower. The analysis excludes differences that
                        would result from the translation of the financial statements of foreign operations into the
                        Group’s presentation currency. The analysis is performed on the same basis for 2020.




144 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




27    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

      (e)    Fair value measurement

             The three-level fair value hierarchy of financial instruments are defined in HKFRS 13, Fair value
             measurement. The level into which a fair value measurement is classified is determined with
             reference to the observability and significance of the inputs used in the valuation technique as
             follows:

             –      Level 1 valuations:   Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs i.e. unadjusted quoted
                                          prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the
                                          measurement date

             –      Level 2 valuations:   Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs i.e. observable inputs which
                                          fail to meet Level 1, and not using significant unobservable inputs.
                                          Unobservable inputs are inputs for which market data are not available.

             –      Level 3 valuations:   Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs

                                                              Fair value at
                                                              31 December       Fair value measurements as at
                                                                      2021             31 December 2021
                                                                                Level 1       Level 2      Level 3
                                                                  HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000

                    Recurring fair value measurements

                    Financial assets:
                    Fair value through other comprehensive
                       income
                    – Bank acceptance bills receivable              79,910            –        79,910               –

                                                               Fair value at
                                                              31 December        Fair value measurements as at
                                                                       2020            31 December 2020
                                                                                Level 1        Level 2         Level 3
                                                                   HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000

                    Recurring fair value measurements

                    Financial assets:
                    Fair value through other comprehensive
                       income
                    – Bank acceptance bills receivable             193,407            –       193,407               –




                                                                                          Annual Report 2021             145
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    27    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

          (e)    Fair value measurement (continued)

                 During the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2021, there were no transfers between Level 1 and
                 Level 2, nor transfers into or out of Level 3 (2020: nil). The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers
                 between levels of fair value hierarchy as at the end of the reporting period in which they occur.

                 The carrying values of the Group’s financial instruments carried at cost or amortised cost were not
                 materially different from their fair values as at 31 December 2020 and 2021.

                 For the year ended 31 December 2021, there were no significant changes in the business or
                 economic circumstances that affect the fair value of the Group’s financial instruments. Moreover,
                 there were no significant reclassifications of financial instruments.

    28    COMMITMENTS

          Capital commitments in regard of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets outstanding at 31
          December 2021 not provided for in the financial statements were as follows:

                                                                                            2021                 2020
                                                                                         HK$’000              HK$’000

          Contracted for                                                                 556,454               345,425
          Authorised but not contracted for                                               33,023               131,812

                                                                                         589,477               477,237


    29    MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

          (a)    Key management personnel remuneration

                 Remuneration for key management personnel of the Group, including amounts paid to the
                 Company’s directors as disclosed in note 8 and certain of the highest paid employees as disclosed
                 in note 9, is as follows:

                                                                                            2021                 2020
                                                                                         HK$’000              HK$’000

                 Salaries, bonus, allowance and other benefits                             28,942               11,204


                 Total remuneration is included in “staff costs” (see note 6(b)).




146 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




29    MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

      (b)    Related party transactions

             During the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020, the directors are of the view that the
             following companies are related parties:

             Name of party                                                  Relationship

             Sichuan Kelun and its subsidiaries (together as                The party whose parent has a significant
               “Kelun Group”) (i)                                             influence on the Company
             Cisen Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Cisen”) (ii)                  Associate of the Group

             Note:

             (i)     Sichuan Kelun Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Sichuan Kelun”) has been regarded as having significant
                     influence over the Company since 24 November 2017 and thus Sichuan Kelun and its subsidiaries
                     (together as “Kelun Group”) are related parties of the Company. In addition, the entities controlled by
                     the ultimate controlling shareholder of Sichuan Kelun are also related parties of the Company.

             (ii)    Upon the completion of the acquisition transaction (See note 14), Cisen become an equity-accounted
                     investee of the Group. The transactions with Cisen since the date of the acquisition were disclosed as
                     related party transactions.

             Particulars of the Group’s transactions with these parties are as follows:

                                                                                              2021                   2020
                                                                                           HK$’000                HK$’000

             Sales of goods to Kelun Group                                                   37,330                 23,986
             Sales of goods to Cisen (since the date of the
               acquisition)                                                                    444                       –
             Purchase of materials from Kelun Group                                        212,348                  69,259




                                                                                                Annual Report 2021             147
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    29    MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

          (c)    Related party balances

                                                                                               2021                  2020
                                                                        Note                HK$’000               HK$’000

                 Amounts due from related parties                         (i)
                 – Kelun Group                                                                 6,648                 3,338
                 – Cisen                                                                          95                     –
                 Amounts due to related parties                           (ii)
                 – Kelun Group                                                                19,014                 2,036

                 (i)    The outstanding balances are trading balances related to the sale of pharmaceuticals and medical
                        materials, which is included in “Trade and bills receivable” (See note 16).

                 (ii)   The outstanding balances are trading balances related to the purchase of medical materials, which is
                        included in “Trade and bills payables” (See note 21).

                 Amounts due from/to related parties are unsecured, interest-free and expected to be recovered
                 within one year.

          (d)    Applicability of the Listing Rules relating to connected transactions

                 The related party transactions with Kelun Group constitute connected transactions or continuing
                 connected transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The disclosures required by
                 Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules are provided in the Report of the Directors.

                 During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group: (i) purchased materials and received services
                 totalling RMB176,106,000 (equivalent to HK$212,348,000) (2020: RMB61,553,000 (equivalent to
                 HK$69,259,000)) from related parties; and (ii) sold goods totalling RMB30,959,000 (equivalent to
                 HK$37,330,000) (2020: RMB21,317,000 (equivalent to HK$23,986,000)) to related parties.




148 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




30    COMPANY-LEVEL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

                                                                    2021                      2020
                                                              HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000
      Non-current assets
      Property, plant and equipment                                            518                       713
      Right-of-use assets                                                    4,455                     7,209
      Investments in subsidiaries                                          944,179                   944,179

                                                                           949,152                   952,101
      Current assets
      Dividends receivable                                130,336                       130,336
      Prepayments, deposits and other receivables           1,779                         1,703
      Amounts due from subsidiaries                        83,580                        83,580
      Cash and cash equivalents                            39,127                       173,039

                                                          254,822                       388,658

      Current liabilities
      Borrowings                                          235,000                       150,000
      Lease liabilities                                     2,809                         2,702
      Accruals and other payables                           9,294                         8,094
      Amounts due to subsidiaries                         367,174                       613,744

                                                          614,277                       774,540

      Net current liabilities                                              (359,455)                 (385,882)

      Total assets less current liabilities                                589,697                   566,219

      Non-current liabilities
      Lease liabilities                                        1,801                         4,610

                                                               1,801                         4,610

      NET ASSETS                                                           587,896                   561,609

      Capital and reserves (note 26(a))
      Share capital                                                         66,741                    67,682
      Reserves                                                             521,155                   493,927

      TOTAL EQUITY                                                         587,896                   561,609
      TOTAL EQUITY




      Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 29 March 2022.

                            Qu Jiguang                                           Su Xuejun
                             Director                                             Director




                                                                                       Annual Report 2021       149
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    31    NON-ADJUSTING EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

          (a)    After the end of the reporting period the directors proposed a final dividend. Further details are
                 disclosed in note 26(b).

          (b)    After the end of the reporting period, the Group repurchased a total of 4,510,000 ordinary
                 shares of the Group through the Stock Exchange at an aggregate consideration of approximately
                 HK$16,267,000 (including HK$63,000 expenses directly attributable to the repurchase), and all
                 such shares were cancelled in accordance with the Company Law of the Cayman Islands.

          (c)    On 9 March 2022, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the “Purchaser”) entered
                 into the acquisition agreement with three individuals (the “Vendors”) and Cangzhou Lingang Youyi
                 Chemical Co., Ltd. (the “Target Company”), pursuant to which, amongst others, the Purchaser has
                 agreed to purchase and the Vendors have agreed to sell the entirety of the equity interest in the
                 Target Company at the total consideration of RMB55 million. The Target Company is principally
                 engaged in the production and sales of methylamine which is one of the key raw materials for
                 production of caffeine.

                 Upon completion of the agreement, the Target Company will become a subsidiary of the Company
                 and its financial statements will be consolidated into the financial statements of the Group. Details
                 of which are disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 9 March 2022.

                 No adjustment has been made in this financial report in this regard.

    32    IMMEDIATE AND ULTIMATE CONTROLLING PARTY

          At 31 December 2021, the directors consider the immediate parent and ultimate controlling party of the
          Group to be China Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., which is incorporated in Samoa. This entity does not produce
          financial statements available for public use.




150 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




33    POSSIBLE IMPACT OF AMENDMENTS, NEW STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS ISSUED BUT NOT
      YET EFFECTIVE FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021

      Up to the date of issue of these financial statements, the HKICPA has issued a number of amendments
      and a new standard, HKFRS 17, Insurance contracts, which are not yet effective for the year ended 31
      December 2021 and which have not been adopted in these financial statements. These developments
      include the following which may be relevant to the Group.

                                                                                                  Effective for
                                                                                           accounting periods
                                                                                         beginning on or after

      Amendments to HKFRS 3, Reference to the Conceptual Framework                             1 January 2022

      Amendments to HKAS 16, Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds                           1 January 2022
       before Intended Use

      Amendments to HKAS 37, Onerous Contracts – Cost of Fulfilling a                          1 January 2022
       Contract

      Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018-2020 Cycle                                            1 January 2022

      Amendments to HKAS 1, Classification of liabilities as current or non-                   1 January 2023
       current

      Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKFRS Practice Statement 2, Disclosure of                       1 January 2023
       accounting policies

      Amendments to HKAS 8, Definition of accounting estimates                                 1 January 2023

      Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018-2020 Cycle                                            1 January 2023

      The Group is in the process of making an assessment of what the impact of these developments is
      expected to be in the period of initial application. So far it has concluded that the adoption of them is
      unlikely to have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                      Annual Report 2021          151
    FIVE YEARS FINANCIAL SUMMARY




                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                         2017            2018        2019        2020                   2021
                                                        (Note)          (Note)
                                                      HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000               HK$’000

    RESULTS

    Revenue                                          3,076,369      4,180,788       4,635,675      4,260,898       5,356,763

    Profit before taxation                             797,375      1,079,143       1,361,143        725,215         948,397

    Profit attributable to equity shareholders         664,719        911,774       1,136,101        611,971         785,533

                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                         2017            2018         2019       2020                   2021
                                                        (Note)          (Note)
                                                      HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000    HK$’000               HK$’000

    ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

    Total assets                                     5,903,946      6,880,745       7,724,342      9,253,707     10,708,720
    Total liabilities                               (2,417,204)    (2,502,499)     (2,537,194)    (3,338,496)    (4,216,012)
    Non-controlling interests                          (11,384)      (139,814)       (200,726)      (263,175)      (273,845)

    Equity attributable to equity shareholders       3,475,358      4,238,432       4,986,422      5,652,036       6,218,863

    Note:

    The Group has initially applied HKFRS 16 at 1 January 2019 using the modified retrospective approach. Under this approach,
    comparative information is not restated.




152 SSY Group Limited
