2024
Annual Report
CONTENTS




                                                                                         Pages

Corporate Information                                                                          2

Chairman’s Statement                                                                           3

Management Discussion and Analysis                                                         12

Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management                                    20

Corporate Governance Report                                                                22

Environmental, Social and Governance Report                                                35

Report of the Directors                                                                    58

Independent Auditor’s Report                                                               74

Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income                    81

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                                               83

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                                                85

Consolidated Cash Flow Statement                                                           86

Notes to the Financial Statements                                                          87

Five Years Financial Summary                                                              168




                                                                          Annual Report 2024       1
    CORPORATE INFORMATION




    STOCK CODE                                      NOMINATION COMMITTEE

    2005                                            Mr. Wang Yibing (Chairman)
                                                    Mr. Chow Kwok Wai
    EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                             Mr. Jiang Guangce
    Mr. Qu Jiguang (Chairman)                       PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER
    Mr. Su Xuejun                                   OFFICE
    Mr. Meng Guo
    Mr. Chow Hing Yeung                             Suntera (Cayman) Limited
    Ms. Qu Wanrong (appointed on 28 August 2024)    Suite 3204, Unit 2A
                                                    Block 3, Building D
    NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
                                                    P.O. Box 1586, Gardenia Court
    Mr. Liu Wenjun (appointed on 19 January 2024)   Camana Bay, Grand Cayman
                                                    KY1-1100, Cayman Islands
    INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
                                                    HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR AND
    Mr. Wang Yibing                                 TRANSFER OFFICE
    Mr. Chow Kwok Wai
    Mr. Jiang Guangce                               Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
                                                    Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor
    COMPANY SECRETARY                               Hopewell Centre
                                                    183 Queen’s Road East
    Mr. Chow Hing Yeung                             Wanchai, Hong Kong
    REGISTERED OFFICE                               PRINCIPAL BANKERS
    Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive                  Agricultural Bank of China
    P.O. Box 2681, Grand Cayman
                                                    Bank of China
    KY1-1111, Cayman Islands
                                                    Bank of China (Hong Kong)
    HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF              Bank of Communications
    BUSINESS IN HONG KONG                           China CITIC Bank International
                                                    China Construction Bank
    Rooms 4902-03, 49th Floor                       China Construction Bank (Asia)
    Central Plaza, 18 Harbour Road                  Hang Seng Bank
    Wanchai, Hong Kong                              Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation
                                                    Industrial and Commercial Bank of China
    AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
                                                    LEGAL ADVISER TO THE COMPANY AS TO
    Mr. Meng Guo                                    HONG KONG LAW
    Mr. Chow Hing Yeung
                                                    DLA Piper Hong Kong
    AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                                    AUDITOR
    Mr. Chow Kwok Wai (Chairman)
    Mr. Wang Yibing                                 KPMG
    Mr. Jiang Guangce                               Public Interest Entity Auditor registered in accordance
                                                    with the Accounting and Financial Reporting Council
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
                                                    Ordinance
    Mr. Jiang Guangce (Chairman)
    Mr. Wang Yibing                                 WEBSITE
    Mr. Chow Kwok Wai
                                                    http://www.ssygroup.com.hk




2     SSY Group Limited
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




On behalf of the board of directors (the “Board”) of SSY Group Limited (the “Company”), I hereby present the
annual report of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2024.

I.    RESULT AND DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION

      In 2024, the internal and external business environment remained severe and complex. Faced with
      multiple challenges and impacts such as sluggish economic recovery, intensified trade protectionism, and
      tightening medical insurance policies, the Group overcame difficulties and implemented comprehensive
      measures, facing difficulties and challenges with a positive attitude and proactive actions. By adopting
      an accelerated stance, we focused on innovation, optimized production and sales mix, expanded market
      coverage in a targeted manner, promoted the dominant and key preparations products, and expanded
      business scope as well as improved quality and efficiency of commodity bulk pharmaceuticals and medical
      materials. The Group’s overall business maintained a trend of stable development.

      In 2024, the Group achieved a revenue of approximately Renminbi 5,266 million, representing a decrease
      of approximately 9.6% as compared to last year; in terms of Hong Kong dollars, the Group’s revenue was
      approximately HK$5,773 million this year, representing a decrease of 10.7% as compared to last year,
      and the gross profit margin for this year was 50.4%, representing a decrease of 5.6 percentage points as
      compared to last year. The Group achieved a net profit of approximately HK$1,061 million, representing a
      decrease of approximately 19.5% as compared to last year.

      The Directors resolved to pay a final dividend of HK$0.095 per share on 3 June 2025 to the shareholders
      named in the register of members of the Company on 21 May 2025. Total dividend for the year were
      HK$0.175 per share, representing an increase of approximately 2.9% as compared to last year.




                                                                                     Annual Report 2024          3
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




    II.      BUSINESS REVIEW

             (1)   Sales of Products

                   In 2024, the pharmaceutical market underwent multi-dimensional and profound changes,
                   presenting more challenges and difficulties for the enterprises on sales of products. With regards
                   to this, the Group promptly adjusting its marketing strategy. Through proactive measures such
                   as optimizing cost structure, expanding product accessibility, and enhancing service quality and
                   efficiency, the Group strived to cope with the continuously changing market environment, and the
                   integrated operation of “bulk pharmaceuticals + preparations” achieved progress amidst stability.
                   Throughout the year, the Group continued to deepen its presence in its dominant products
                   which are intravenous infusion solutions market, focused on increasing the market share of oral
                   preparations and liquid injections, and kept increasing the sales proportion of high-value-added
                   preparations, ensuring steady progress in core businesses. Meanwhile, the bulk pharmaceuticals
                   and medical materials products business actively explored business opportunities and speeded up
                   their breakthrough through “going out” and “bringing in” strategies.

                   During the year, the Group has continuously improved the market accessibility of its products. In
                   2024, the Group overcame the impact of adverse factors, effectively bridged between the approval
                   and market entry of new products across various regions, and timely participated in the successive
                   National Centralized Medicines Procurement and various drug tendering activities at inter-provincial
                   and local levels. Throughout the year, a total of 44 generic names with 56 specifications were
                   approved for market access. Among them, 13 generic names with 14 specifications, including
                   Nicorandil for Injection, have achieved access in 30 or more provinces, while 29 generic names
                   with 35 specifications, including Ropivacaine Hydrochloride and Sodium Chloride Injection, have
                   achieved access in more than 20 provinces. At the same time, throughout the year, the Group
                   participated in over a thousand drug tenders, including successive National Centralized Medicines
                   Procurement, inter-provincial and local joint procurement, and by medical institutions, achieving
                   outstanding performance and a clear advantage in winning tenders in the inter-provincial joint
                   procurement, such as the 19-province (including autonomous regions and corps) joint procurement
                   led by Henan Province, the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei “3+N” centralized volume-based procurement the
                   Guangdong Alliance’s centralized volume-based procurement such as Apixaban tablets, and the
                   Jiangsu Alliance’s 4th-5th batch of successive National Centralized Medicines Procurement, which
                   further consolidated the market foundation of the key regions. The Group’s products which were
                   included in the National Medical Insurance Catalog continued to expand, with the first generic
                   exclusive new product Stiripentol for Suspension successfully selected as a new variety in the new
                   version of the 2024 National Medical Insurance Catalog through the medical insurance negotiation,
                   and the new product, Etomidate Medium and Long Chain Fat Emulsion Injection, has also been
                   selected. Currently, the Group has 162 products included in the National Medical Insurance
                   Catalog.




4         SSY Group Limited
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




II.   BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued)

      (1)   Sales of Products (Continued)

            The intravenous infusion solution and ampoule injection businesses remained stable. In 2024, the
            overall infusion solution of the Group achieved an aggregate sales volume of 2,036 million bottles
            (bags), representing an increase of 6.7% as compared to last year with a revenue of HK$3,735
            million, representing a decrease of 7.6% as compared to last year. This was mainly due to sluggish
            demand and price decline in the basic infusion existing market as affected by a combination of
            policy and market factors, which resulted in weaker-than-expected growth. Nevertheless, in 2024,
            some therapeutic infusion solution products of the Group still achieved growth, among which, the
            sales volume of Peritoneal Dialysis Solution reached 8.55 million bags, representing an increase
            of 81% as compared to last year; the sales volume of Moxifloxacin Hydrochloride and Sodium
            Chloride Injection was approximately 17.98 million bags, representing an increase of 5% as
            compared to last year. During the year, the aggregated sales volume of ampoule injection products
            reached 313 million pieces, representing an increase of 1.3% as compared to last year. Among
            which, the sales volume of Glucose Injection was 32.40 million pieces, representing an increase of
            128% as compared to last year; the sales volume of Ipratropium Bromide was 12.14 million pieces,
            representing an increase of 163% as compared to last year; the sales volume of Doxofylline was
            31.68 million pieces, representing an increase of 57% as compared to last year.

            The Group experienced further growth in the production and sales scale of its oral preparations
            business segment. Through proactively adjusting market layout and stepping up professional
            promotion, the Group strengthened the business cooperation with the top 100 chain pharmacies
            and pushed forward the commercial chain to speed up the development of end market. Oral
            preparations products such as Felodipine Sustained-release Tablets, Rosuvastatin Calcium Tablets,
            Azithromycin Tablets, Azithromycin Dispersible Tablets, and Moxifloxacin Hydrochloride Tablets
            achieved relatively fast growth. Among them, the sales volume of Rosuvastatin Calcium Tablets was
            191.19 million tablets, representing an increase of approximately 194% as compared to last year;
            the sales volume of Cefaclor for Suspension was 92.37 million bags, representing an increase of
            approximately 34% as compared to last year. In 2024, the revenue of oral preparations products
            reached approximately HK$502 million, representing an increase of approximately 4.9% as
            compared to last year.

            The overall business of the bulk pharmaceuticals segment was affected by the international market
            and pricing factors. In 2024, sales revenue of bulk pharmaceuticals reaching approximately HK$785
            million, representing a decrease of 11.7% as compared to last year. Among them, caffeine actively
            expanded its international market business, achieving stable sales growth, with a sales volume of
            5,478 tons, representing an increase of 44% compared to the previous year. The external sales
            volume of Metronidazole reached 163 tons, representing a decrease of 43% compared to the
            previous year. The external sales volume of Azithromycin was approximately 295 tons, remaining
            roughly unchanged compared to the previous year. We expect that the bulk pharmaceuticals
            business is likely to bottom out and stabilize next year, with a recovery in prosperity and achieving
            recovery growth.




                                                                                       Annual Report 2024           5
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




    II.      BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued)

             (1)   Sales of Products (Continued)

                   Production and sales of medical materials have achieved steady improvement. Jiangsu Best New
                   Medical Material has focused on product technology updates, continued to step up efforts
                   in the research and development of and marketing promotion for high-end and high-quality
                   pharmaceutical packaging materials with special application scenarios and industry foresight,
                   strengthened the complementarity between its key products and the industrial chain, and
                   proactively enhanced the partnerships with several large domestic pharmaceutical enterprises. The
                   market penetration capability and coverage rate of key packaging material products such as butyl
                   rubber stoppers, gaskets, and multi-layer co-extrusion films have been effectively improved. The
                   multi-layer co-extrusion bioprocessing film has achieved bulk supply, and the newly developed
                   products such as butyl rubber pistons for pre-filled syringes, laminated series butyl rubber stoppers,
                   specialized films for peritoneal dialysis solution, specialized films for peritoneal drainage bags, and
                   non-PVC infusion soft tubes have started sales, becoming new highlights of the business. In 2024,
                   the external sales volume of Jiangsu Best New Medical Material outside the Group reached HK$188
                   million, an increase of HK$26 million compared to 2023, representing a growth of 16.4%. While
                   maintaining growth in the domestic market, we actively explore overseas markets. The export of
                   liquid storage bag bioreactor film products achieved a breakthrough from “nil” and the export
                   volume of rubber stopper products also increased.

                   The export of preparations continues to grow steadily. During the year, the Asian market, a key
                   export region, experienced a significant surge, with sales volume growing 23% as compared to
                   last year. In 2024, the export sales volume of infusion solutions reached approximately 118 million
                   bottles (bags), representing an increase of approximately 11% compared to last year. The export
                   sales revenue of infusion solutions reached approximately HK$178 million, representing an increase
                   of approximately 9% compared to last year. Meanwhile, the Group developed 28 new customers,
                   with preparations products exported to over 100 countries and regions worldwide. During the year,
                   the Group obtained 47 product registration certificates in 19 countries including the United Arab
                   Emirates, Costa Rica, the Philippines, Nigeria, and Uruguay. To date, the Group has accumulated
                   435 product registration certificates in nearly a hundred countries and has passed official audits
                   in more than 10 countries, including the Philippines, Pakistan, Peru, Madagascar, Kenya, and
                   Cameroon.




6         SSY Group Limited
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




II.   BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued)

      (2)   Research and Development of New Products

            During the year, the Group has continuously intensified the development of new products
            such as specialized generic drugs, drugs in shortage, orphan drugs, innovative drugs, and bulk
            pharmaceuticals, maintaining a leading position in the industry in terms of the number of
            submissions and approvals. During the year, the Group was once again awarded the titles of “Best
            Industrial Enterprise for Pharmaceutical R&D Product Line in China” and “Provincial Enterprise
            Technology Innovation Award”. Three products, including Sodium Bicarbonate Injection, were
            recognized as the first batch of national patent-intensive products. The “application based on
            parametric release under the 21235 risk management and control model” established during the
            production process of the core product infusion preparations has been successfully selected as a
            typical case of quality improvement and brand building by the Ministry of Industry and Information
            Technology.

            The research and development of new products has achieved significant results. The Group
            focuses on market demand and strives to strategically deploy in the fields of antiviral, antibacterial,
            neurological system, cardiovascular, digestive, anesthesia and analgesia, and anti-tumor products.
            During the year, 112 production approvals and 7 clinical approvals were obtained, among which
            there were 81 production approvals for preparations and 24 for bulk pharmaceuticals. Among
            them, 22 specifications were the first three approvals, in particular the anti-infective drug Linezolid
            for Oral Suspension, the Parkinson’s disease treatment drug Levodopa-Carbidopa Sustained-release
            Tablets, Entacapone, Levodopa and Carbidopa Tablets (II), and Betahistine Mesilate Tablets for the
            treatment of Meniere’s syndrome and vertigo are all the first generic drug in China. The analgesic
            drug Nefopam Hydrochloride Injection is the first in China to pass consistency evaluation. Sodium
            Bicarbonate Injection 50ml, Cefuroxime Axetil for Suspension 0.25g, Chlorphenamine Maleate
            Injection 2ml, and Potassium Chloride Injection 20ml are all the first specification to pass the
            evaluation in China.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2024           7
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




    II.      BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued)

             (2)   Research and Development of New Products (Continued)

                   During the year, 131 projects for product approvals were submitted, of which 76 were new
                   liquid and solid preparations as well as 27 were bulk pharmaceuticals. There were 19 product
                   specifications being the first three submitted applications, in particular the antihypertensive drug
                   Urapidil Sustained-release Capsules and Nicardipine Hydrochloride and Sodium Chloride Injection,
                   the nutrition and electrolyte drug Lipid-Soluble Vitamin Injection and Potassium Chloride and
                   Sodium Chloride Injection, the drug for treatment of respiratory failure Doxapram Hydrochloride
                   Injection, and the surgical irrigation drug Sodium Lactated Ringer’s Irrigation Solution are all the
                   first submitted. The continuous enrichment of the product development pipeline strongly promotes
                   the Group’s quality and efficiency improvement and industrial upgrading.

                   Positive progress has been made in the research of innovative drugs. The self-developed Type
                   I new drug SYN045 has received approval for clinical trials and is currently undergoing Phase I
                   clinical trials. Type 1 chemical innovative drug ADN-9 for anti-liver fibrosis has completed preclinical
                   research, aiming to submit the clinical trial application in 2025.

                   Phased results have been achieved in the Group’s development of complex preparations. For the
                   development of solid preparations, the Group has established a technology platform for slow-
                   release and osmotic pumps, leading to the development layout of several preparations with high
                   technical requirements and high industrialization thresholds. Levodopa-Carbidopa Sustained-release
                   Tablets, Entacapone, Levodopa and Carbidopa Tablets (II), and Bisoprolol Fumarate and Amlodipine
                   Besilate Tablets have been successively approved for production. Doxazosin Mesylate Extended-
                   Release Tablets, Tolterodine L-Tartrate Sustained-Release Capsules, Dapagliflozin and Metformin
                   Extended-Release Tablets (I), and Urapidil Sustained-release Capsules are being successively
                   submitted for registration. For liquid preparations, the Group has established a therapeutic
                   emulsion technology platform and a liposome technology platform. Propofol Medium and Long
                   Chain Fat Emulsion Injection as well as Etomidate Medium and Long Chain Fat Emulsion Injection
                   have been approved for production. The registration applications for Lipid-Soluble Vitamin Injection
                   and Water-soluble Progesterone Injection have been submitted and are currently under review.
                   The pilot-scale study on Doxorubicin Hydrochloride Liposome Injection has been completed, and in
                   vivo bioequivalence study is planned. Meanwhile, the Group is actively developing various liposome
                   projects in the areas of anti-tumor and mental diseases, followed by laying out the research of
                   several complex preparations, including sustained-release microspheres, microcrystals, and long-
                   acting injections. These endeavors highlighted the Group’s growing technological influence in the
                   field of complex preparations.

                   The consistency evaluation of generic drugs has fruitful results. In 2024, Nefopam Hydrochloride
                   Injection became the first in the industry to pass the consistency evaluation. Chlorphenamine
                   Maleate Injection (1ml) and Multiple Electrolytes Injection were the second to pass the consistency
                   evaluation. To date, the aggregated number of the Group’s products that have passed the
                   consistency evaluation or been regarded as passing the consistency evaluation reached 117
                   types with 156 specifications. The increasingly rich matrix of products which passed consistency
                   evaluation has created favorable conditions for optimizing product mix, exploring diversified
                   markets, and enhancing product accessibility.




8         SSY Group Limited
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




II.    BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued)

       (2)   Research and Development of New Products (Continued)

             The effectiveness of intellectual property rights protection efforts is remarkable. In 2024, the Group
             applied for 88 patents and obtained 51 authorizations. Currently, the Group has cumulatively
             applied for 552 patents and obtained 340 authorizations. Currently, the Group owns 315 valid
             patents, including 155 invention patents.

       (3)   Infrastructure Development of Projects

             During the year, the Group coordinated the progress of industrial infrastructure construction
             projects, including plastic bottle injection production line, ready-made double-chamber bags for
             large-volume injection production line, and sterile preparations of hormones production line.
             Additionally, the Group has made progress in the construction of new and ongoing projects,
             including Pharmaceutical Integration and Innovation Development Demonstration Project, and
             high-end bulk pharmaceuticals construction project. All projects have been completed except
             for Pharmaceutical Integration and Innovation Development Demonstration Project, which is
             progressing in an orderly manner as planned. Among them, the construction project of the plastic
             bottle injection production line passed the GMP compliance inspection in November 2024 and has
             been formally put into production.

III.   PROSPECTS FOR DEVELOPMENT

       Currently, adverse effects brought by changes in external environment have deepened, and
       pharmaceutical industry both domestically and internationally still faces numerous difficulties and
       challenges. Various risks and challenges such as insufficient demand, low prices, rising costs, trade
       protectionism, and intensified internal competition remain prevalent. Facing the new situation and
       changes in pharmaceutical industry, the Group will confront difficulties with confidence, adhere to
       innovation, and coordinate efforts to improve new market and revitalize existing market. The Group aims
       to comprehensively enhance resource allocation efficiency, manage the transition between new and old
       growth drivers, and develop new quality productivity tailored to local conditions. We will continuously
       promote the deep integration of the innovation chain, supply chain and value chain, facilitate the
       domestic-international dual circulation, and achieve the goals of solid expectations and steady growth.

       1.    To establish and improve operational mechanisms that better adapt to current policies and market
             conditions. Focusing on market, quality and cost control, we carry on traditional advantageous
             business forms to actively plan and establish business models which take into account both
             innovation and compliant continuously optimizing organizational structure and management
             mechanisms, expanding business scope, and strengthening business capabilities. We actively
             prevent and mitigate market risks (such as internal competition) and external shocks, driving the
             enhancement of R&D and production efficiency from the marketing end, further reducing costs,
             solidifying expectations, stimulating vitality and continuously improving operational quality of the
             Group.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2024           9
     CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




     III.   PROSPECTS FOR DEVELOPMENT (Continued)

            2.   On the preparations business, the Group will focus on quality improvement and efficiency
                 enhancement. The Group adheres to the balanced development of traditional dominant products
                 and new product markets, further promotes the optimization and upgrading of the production and
                 sales mix, and strives to transform innovation advantages into market advantages and development
                 advantages. Focus on the difficulties, blockages, and bottlenecks in the preparations business,
                 we will establish and implement a differentiated assessment mechanism to quantify tasks and
                 assign responsibilities to individuals. While further expanding the market share of basic infusion
                 solutions in classified hospitals, we are extending the end market downward and increasing efforts
                 to develop primary community medical institutions. We are striving to stabilize existing market,
                 expanding new markets, and improving quality, ensuring continuous growth in the production
                 and sales of infusions. For 2025, the sales volume target for infusion solutions products is
                 expected to be 2.15 billion bottles (bags), representing an increase of 6% compared to 2024.
                 At the same time, we will strengthen the clinical business team that meets its own development
                 and market requirements, and use professional and compliance marketing strategies to focus on
                 the market development of products such as Azithromycin Tablets, Azithromycin Dry Suspension,
                 Pitavastatin Calcium Tablets, Rosuvastatin Calcium Tablets, Ornidazole Tablets, Epalrestat Tablets,
                 Valsartan and Amlodipine Tablets (I), and Felodipine Sustained-release Tablets. At the same time,
                 we will optimize marketing channels and accelerate the market layout of new products such as
                 Lurasidone Hydrochloride Tablets, Cinacalcet Hydrochloride Tablets, Pentoxifylline Sustained-
                 release Tablets, Thioctic Acid Injection, Ropivacaine Hydrochloride and Sodium Chloride Injection,
                 Compound Potassium Phosphate Injection, Clonoxacin for Injection, Phenylephrine Hydrochloride
                 Injection, Isoprenaline Hydrochloride Injection, and Hemofiltration Basic Solution. We will deeply
                 explore the market potential of new products in forms of such as oral, ampoule injection and
                 lyophilized powder to promote the continuous expansion of the sales proportion of non-infusion
                 products. Relying on international certification, we will promote the Group’s preparations for
                 export business to achieve increases in both volume and price, and “set sail” overseas. We will
                 strengthen compliance in operations, implement customer credit management, increase efforts in
                 the collection and turnover of accounts receivable to avoid operational risks as much as possible.

            3.   On the bulk pharmaceuticals business, the Group will continuously improve the product mix of
                 Guangxiang Pharmaceutical and Guolong Pharmaceutical, accelerate the implementation and
                 transformation of new high-value-added specialised products, and pursue integrated development
                 in high-end, intelligent and green to continuously empower the resilience and vitality of bulk
                 pharmaceuticals development. We will focus on the export of commodity bulk pharmaceuticals
                 such as caffeine, while stabilizing the customer base in regions including America, Europe, South
                 Asia and Southeast Asia, actively planning sales branches in Europe and America to further expand
                 the sales channels for core products like caffeine. We will strive to extend service reach, and
                 aim for a year-on-year revenue growth rate of 20% in 2025. At the same time, the Group will
                 strengthen efforts to develop domestic customers, broaden the associated review mechanism with
                 downstream preparation enterprises, and explore the specialized bulk pharmaceuticals market
                 through multiple channels.




10      SSY Group Limited
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




III.   PROSPECTS FOR DEVELOPMENT (Continued)

       4.    To continue promoting enterprise innovation. The Group will firmly adhere to the strategy of
             “combination of generic and innovative drugs”, closely integrating the development of “bulk
             pharmaceuticals + preparations”. We will focus on accelerating the development and layout
             of product pipeline in improved innovative drugs, specialized generic drugs, high-end complex
             preparations, and specialized high-end bulk pharmaceuticals and medical packaging materials.
             The Group will continuously explore high-quality research projects, and enhance R&D capabilities.
             By fully leveraging the innovation mechanism of industry-academia-research-application and
             technologies such as “AI+”, we aim to accelerate the market launch of innovative achievements,
             continuously optimize the innovation ecosystem, and create new advantages in R&D approval
             and application efficiency. In 2025, we aim to obtain 98 various national approvals, including 33
             for liquid preparations, 26 for solid preparation products, 19 for bulk pharmaceuticals, and 20
             for supplementary applications (including consistency evaluation), continuously empowering the
             enterprise to ascend to the mid-to-high end of the value chain with innovation achievements.

       5.    To systematically advance the construction progress of new and ongoing projects. Keep on
             advancing the ongoing pharmaceutical integration and innovation development demonstration
             projects, and establishing new production lines for oral liquid formulations of new drugs and
             cephalosporin powder injection formulations. Based on the industrial development and scale
             enhancement of the Group, starting with the industrialization of innovative achievements, we
             will focus on the integration of results conversion and digital transformation, striving for early
             completion, early production and early effectiveness, and continuously accumulate momentum and
             energy for the sustainable development of the Group.

       The Group will leverage its own strengths to actively seek opportunities for mergers and acquisitions as
       well as investments in the pharmaceutical industry, with the aim of enhancing and strengthening the
       supply chain, creating new growth poles, and reinforcing the Group’s position in the product and capital
       markets to increase the return on investment. Despite the tough road ahead, we are foreseeing positive
       results and bright prospects with a higher courage to overcome difficulties. In this new year, the Group
       will unite as one, stick to new targets, and apply self-pressure to seek breakthroughs and rooms through
       innovation and transformation. By seeking innovation amid change and advancing with breakthroughs,
       the Group will rise to the challenges with a strong confidence, and strive to implement and achieve
       the key task and targets for year 2025. We firmly believe that with our advantages in scale, quality,
       management and branding built up in the industry over the years, and with our continuous innovative
       momentum, we will bring satisfactory returns to our investors with more solid development results.

       I would like to take this opportunity to express our sincere gratitude to our investors and all staff of the
       Group for their support in the development of the Group.




                                                                                                Qu Jiguang
                                                                                                 Chairman

       Hong Kong, 28 March 2025




                                                                                         Annual Report 2024           11
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     BUSINESS REVIEW

     SSY Group Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”) are principally engaged in the
     research, development, manufacturing and selling of pharmaceutical products, which includes finished medicines
     of mainly intravenous infusion solution and ampoule injection to hospitals and distributors, bulk pharmaceuticals
     and medical materials. The Group has manufacturing plants in Hebei Province and Jiangsu Province, the People’s
     Republic of China (the “PRC”), and sells to customers mainly in the PRC.

     For the year ended 31 December 2024, the review on the Group’s business performance and financial
     performance are contained in the Chairman’s statement under section headed “BUSINESS REVIEW” and in this
     Management Discussion and Analysis under section headed “FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REVIEW” respectively.
     The future development in the Group’s business is discussed in the Chairman’s statement under section headed
     “PROSPECTS FOR DEVELOPMENT”.

     Principal risks and uncertainties

     As a pharmaceutical enterprise in the PRC, the Group faces certain risks and uncertainties which affect its
     business operation and performance, some of which are inherent to pharmaceutical industry such as government
     policies on pharmaceutical enterprises and pharmaceutical products in the PRC.

     The Group’s sales and profits in finished medicines are affected by the selection results and tender prices of our
     products in the National Centralised Medicines Procurement (the “National Centralised Procurement”) and other
     forms of drug tenders in the PRC. To address such risk, the Group has a designated team responsible for these
     drug tenders including the National Centralised Procurement. The Group has also obtained registration approvals
     for more products which have passed or been regarded as passing the consistency evaluations and thus qualified
     for these drug tenders including the National Centralised Procurement. Currently, only a small portion of the
     Group’s overall revenue were from sales conducted through the National Centralised Procurement. On the other
     hand, the Group has committed in product diversification in recent years by introducing new products in bulk
     pharmaceuticals and medical materials. The Group will keep continuous attention on the change of the relevant
     situation and make timely responses.

     Save as the abovementioned principal risks and uncertainties, other risks and uncertainties had been evaluated by
     the Company as set out in the Chairman Statement and note 28 to the financial statements.

     Relationships with stakeholders

     The Group believes that employees are valuable assets. The Group provides competitive remuneration package to
     employees which is periodically reviewed with reference to industry practice. Apart from social insurance and in–
     house training programmes, other kinds of remuneration such as discretionary bonuses, share options and grant
     of shares may be awarded to employees according to the assessment of individual performance.




12     SSY Group Limited
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued)

Relationships with stakeholders (Continued)

The Group also understands that it is important to maintain good relationship with its suppliers, customers and
the PRC’s group purchasing organisations (“GPO(s)”) to fulfil its immediate and long-term goals. The Group has
been working continuously with its suppliers to improve the standard of raw materials, and aiming at delivering
products with high quality to its customers. The Group is aware of changing market conditions regarding the
drug pricing practice in the PRC and the impact on the stakeholders of the drug supply industry. For one tender
of Bromhexine Hydrochloride Injection awarded under the National Centralised Procurement, starting from the
first half of 2024, the Group has been compromising with the respective GPOs on tender price adjustment and
has made refunds of approximately HK$77 million to them, followed by notices received from some provincial
GPOs which ranked the credit rating of such tender as under serious breach of trust (details are set out in the
Company’s announcement dated 14 August 2024) and a public statement published by a national GPO which
put Shijiazhuang No. 4 Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Shijiazhuang No.4 Pharma”) onto the “List of Contravention
of Provision” and suspended the subsidiary for eligibility for participating in the National Centralised Procurement
for a period of six months ended 20 February 2025 (details are set out in the Company’s announcement dated
21 August 2024). Subsequently, several customers commenced legal proceedings against Shijiazhuang No. 4
Pharma and one of its subsidiaries in Anhui, the PRC (the “Case”) for claims in a total amount of approximately
RMB33.5 million (the “Claimed Amount”). As at the date of this report, the Case has not been heard by the
court in the PRC. For prudence sake, the Claimed Amount have been fully recognised in the consolidated
statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income for the year ended 31 December 2024. The
Company considers that these incidents and the Claimed Amount have had no material adverse effect on
the operations or financial position of the Group as a whole. The Company will continue to strengthen its
compliance standards, including but not limited to monitoring and control of its operational practices under
its established anti-corruption policies, so as to ensure that the operations of the Group will be guided by the
principles of fairness and integrity. The Company will continue to watch out for any further development of the
changing market conditions in the PRC, and will take proactive measures to address any possible adverse impacts
that the changing market conditions may bring.

During the year ended 31 December 2024 and up to date of this report, save as disclosed above, there was
no material and significant dispute between the Group and its suppliers, customers and/or GPOs. Please refer
details of the Group’s relationships with employees, suppliers and customers to the respective sections in the
Environmental, Social and Governance Report.

Compliance with laws and regulations

During the year ended 31 December 2024 and up to date of this report, save as disclosed above in the section
headed “Relationships with stakeholders”, the Company was not aware of any non-compliance with any relevant
laws and regulations that had a significant impact on it.

Environmental policies and performance

As a pharmaceutical enterprise, the Group understand the importance of environmental sustainability and
green manufacturing and is committed to generating a positive impact on the society and the environment.
The investors and stakeholders are placing more emphasis on the performance of the environmental, social and
governance (“ESG”) aspect. In addition to achieving our business objectives, we recognize our responsibility to
operate in a more responsible and sustainable manner by integrating ESG considerations into our day-to-day
operations. Please refer details of the Group’s environmental policies and performance to the respective sections
in the Environmental, Social and Governance Report.




                                                                                          Annual Report 2024           13
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued)

     Impairment of goodwill attributable to the acquisition of Youyi Chemical

     According to the Group’s accounting policies, goodwill impairment reviews are undertaken annually or more
     frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate a potential impairment. During the year ended
     31 December 2024, management noted a market price decline in methylamine which is the key product of
     Cangzhou Lingang Youyi Chemical Co., Ltd. (“Youyi Chemical”, a 100% owned subsidiary acquired by the
     Group in March 2022), and hence performed an assessment on the carrying value including the goodwill of the
     bulk pharmaceuticals CGU (i.e. Youyi Chemical) as compared to its recoverable amount which is based on value-
     in-use calculations. As a result of the assessment, management considered a full impairment of approximately
     HK$10.6 million on the goodwill attributable to the acquisition of Youyi Chemical as appropriate. The goodwill
     impairment will not affect the cash flow position of the Group, and management believe the Youyi Chemical’s
     bulk pharmaceuticals business will still make positive contribution to the Group.

     FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REVIEW

     Revenue

                                                    2024                           2023
                                                           Percentage                     Percentage       Increase/
                                             Revenue       of revenue       Revenue       of revenue     (Decrease)
                                             HK$’000               %        HK$’000               %               %

     Intravenous infusion solution
        and others                          5,585,094            96.7      6,301,380           97.5           (11.4)
       (Including: Non-PVC soft bag &
                     upright soft bag
                     infusion solution      2,763,135            47.8      2,975,403           46.0            (7.1)
                   PP plastic bottle
                     infusion solution        792,329            13.7        827,264           12.8            (4.2)
                   Glass bottle infusion
                     solution                 179,225             3.1        238,076            3.7           (24.7)
                   Ampoule injection          500,950             8.7        826,103           12.8           (39.4)
                   Bulk pharmaceuticals       784,583            13.6        888,867           13.8           (11.7)
                   Oral preparations          501,695             8.7        478,195            7.4             4.9
                   Others)                     63,177             1.1         67,472            1.0            (6.4)

     Medical materials                        188,157             3.3        161,629             2.5           16.4

     Total                                  5,773,251            100       6,463,009            100           (10.7)




14     SSY Group Limited
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REVIEW (Continued)

Revenue (Continued)

The Group’s intravenous infusion solution and ampoule injection products are mainly manufactured and sold
by Shijiazhuang No. 4 Pharma, a wholly-owned subsidiary in the Group. There are different forms of packing
in intravenous infusion solution products, including Non-PVC Soft Bag, Upright Soft Bag, PP Plastic Bottle and
Glass Bottle, while ampoule injection products are mainly small liquid injections in forms of PP plastic and glass.
The Group’s bulk pharmaceuticals products are mainly manufactured and sold by Hebei Guolong Pharmaceutical
Co., Ltd. (“Hebei Guolong”), Hebei Guangxiang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Hebei Guangxiang”) and Cangzhou
Lingang Youyi Chemical Co., Ltd. (“Youyi Chemical”), all being subsidiaries in the Group. The Group’s medical
materials are mainly manufactured and sold by Jiangsu Best New Medical Material Co., Ltd. (“Jiangsu Best”), a
subsidiary in the Group.

Majority of the Group’s sales are conducted in the PRC and are denominated in Renminbi (“RMB”), which
depreciated by approximately 1.2% when translated into Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”) for the year ended 31
December 2024 as compared with last year on average. In terms of HK$, revenue of the Group decreased to
HK$5,773,251,000 for the year ended 31 December 2024 (2023: HK$6,463,009,000), representing a decrease
of 10.7% on a year-to-year basis, mainly due to a drop in revenue from Non-PVC Soft Bag infusion solution and
from ampoule injections.

For the year ended 31 December 2024, despite an overall volume growth of 6.7% in intravenous infusion
solution (“IV”), the average selling price has dropped amid changes in drug tenders and product mix during the
year. As a result, revenue from IV accounted for HK$3,734,689,000 (2023: HK$4,040,743,000), representing
a decrease of 7.6% on a year-to-year basis. Among which, revenue from Non-PVC Soft Bag infusion solution
was HK$1,751,834,000, representing 46.9% of the revenue from IV and a decrease of 16.4% compared
with last year arising from drop in both volume and price; on the other hand, revenue from Upright Soft Bag
infusion solution was HK$1,011,301,000, representing 27.1% of the revenue from IV and an increase of 14.8%
compared with last year as contributed by new production lines; revenue from PP Plastic Bottle infusion solution
was HK$792,329,000, representing 21.2% of the revenue from IV and a decrease of 4.2% compared with last
year; revenue from Glass Bottle infusion solution was HK$179,225,000, representing 4.8% of the revenue from
IV and a decrease of 24.7% compared with last year due to a significant drop in volume.

For the year ended 31 December 2024, revenue from ampoule injections accounted for HK$500,950,000
(2023: HK$826,103,000). Despite of an overall increase in sales volume of ampoule products, revenue dropped
by 39.4% as compared with last year mainly due to drop in average selling price of ampoule products and
significant reduction in sales of Bromehexine Hydrochloride Injection which was no longer conducted through the
National Centralised Procurement (details are set out in the Company’s 2024 Interim Report under the section
headed “Relationship with stakeholders”). Revenue from bulk pharmaceuticals accounted for HK$784,583,000
(2023: HK$888,867,000), representing a decrease of 11.7% as compared with last year as market prices have
not yet fully recovered from the drop during last year. On the other hand, revenue from oral preparations
accounted for HK$501,695,000 (2023: HK$478,195,000), representing a growth of 4.9% as compared to
last year which was contributed by growth in Cefdinir Capsules, Rosuvastatin Calcium Tablets, Cefaclor and
Azithromycin Dry Suspension and other new products of oral preparations.

For the year ended 31 December 2024, revenue from medical materials products contributed HK$188,157,000
(2023: HK$161,629,000) to the Group, representing a increase of 16.4% as compared with last year due to a
recovery in medical materials market. The Group will keep focusing its production in high quality intravenous
infusion solution products such as therapeutic infusion solution. The Group will also keep introducing new
products in ampoule injections, bulk pharmaceuticals, oral preparations and medical materials to drive revenue
growth.



                                                                                         Annual Report 2024           15
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REVIEW (Continued)

     Cost of Sales

     The Group has been adopting various cost control measures such as production process optimization, equipment
     modification and energy conservation. For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group’s cost of sales slightly
     increased by 0.8% to HK$2,864,989,000 as compared to last year of HK$2,843,370,000 amid an overall growth
     in sales volume. The cost of direct materials, direct labour and other costs represented approximately 60.7%,
     14.2% and 25.1% of the total cost of sales respectively for the year ended 31 December 2024 while their
     comparative percentages for 2023 were 59.7%, 13.8% and 26.5% respectively.

     Gross Profit Margin

     For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group recorded a total gross profit of HK$2,908,262,000 (2023:
     HK$3,619,639,000). As compared with last year, there were a larger proportion of revenue from finished
     medicines being sold through centralised procurement and drop in average selling prices of existing IV and
     ampoule injections products during the year, but meanwhile they contributed to the reduction of selling and
     distribution costs. As a result, overall gross profit margin decreased by 5.6 percentage points to 50.4% for the
     year ended 31 December 2024 from 56.0% of last year.

     Other Net Income

     For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group’s other net income increased to HK$160,943,000 (2023:
     HK$148,762,000) which mainly represented government grants.

     Selling and Distribution Costs

     For the year ended 31 December 2024, selling and distribution costs amounted to approximately
     HK$1,143,425,000 (2023: HK$1,532,591,000), which was mainly consisted of advertising, marketing and
     promotion expenses of approximately HK$650,184,000 (2023: HK$1,017,254,000), transportation cost of
     approximately HK$297,799,000 (2023: HK$338,154,000) as well as salary expenses for sales and marketing staff
     of approximately HK$106,531,000 (2023: HK$93,963,000).

     Selling and distribution costs significantly reduced by 25.4% for the year ended 31 December 2024 as compared
     with last year. The Group has keep optimizing the efficiency of its sales channel and a higher proportion of
     finished medicines were sold through centralised procurement which resulted in a drop in advertising, marketing
     and promotion expenses from last year.

     General and Administrative Expenses

     For the year ended 31 December 2024, general and administrative expenses was approximately HK$299,210,000
     (2023: HK$308,321,000) which mainly comprised salaries expenses for administrative staff of approximately
     HK$147,297,000 (2023: HK$122,424,000), depreciation and amortisation (other than research and development)
     expenses of approximately HK$62,139,000 (2023: HK$94,867,000) as well as utility expenses of approximately
     HK$20,715,000 (2023: HK$18,972,000).

     While the Group had an overall expansion in business, there was a slight decrease of 3.0% in general and
     administrative expenses for the year ended 31 December 2024 as compared with last year mainly due to lower
     depreciation and amortisation expenses.




16     SSY Group Limited
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REVIEW (Continued)

Research and Development Costs

For the year ended 31 December 2024, research and development (“R&D”) costs was approximately
HK$265,969,000 (2023: HK$289,748,000), which comprised salaries expenses for R&D staff of approximately
HK$113,749,000 (2023: HK$108,080,000), depreciation and amortisation expenses of approximately
HK$33,896,000 (2023: HK$35,593,000) as well as other costs (such as raw materials and consumables) directly
expensed of approximately HK$118,324,000 (2023: HK$146,075,000).

R&D costs decreased by 8.2% for the year ended 31 December 2024 as compared with last year mainly due to
cost savings in raw materials, consumables and other direct expense in R&D activities.

Profit from Operations

For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group’s profit from operations amounted to HK$1,343,500,000,
representing a decrease of 18.0% as compared to HK$1,638,901,000 of last year, and the Group’s operating
profit margin (defined as profit from operations divided by total revenue) was lowered to 23.3% as compared to
25.4% of last year mainly driven by a lower gross profit margin as compared to last year.

Net Finance Costs

The Group’s net finance costs, which represented mainly interest expenses of bank borrowings less interest
income on bank deposits and foreign exchange gain, slightly increased by 2.8% to HK$88,390,000 for the year
ended 31 December 2024 (2023: HK$85,942,000).

Income Tax Expense

The Group believes that Shijiazhuang No. 4 Pharma, Jiangsu Best, Hebei Guangxiang, Hebei Guolong and Youyi
Chemical have been certified as High and New Technology Enterprises and thus subject to a reduced corporate
income tax of 15% in the PRC for year 2024. For the year ended 31 December 2024, the income tax expense of
the Group decreased by 19.0% to HK$205,995,000 (2023: HK$254,281,000) mainly due to a lower profit before
taxation of the Group.

Profit Attributable to Equity Shareholders

For the year ended 31 December 2024, profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company decreased by
19.5% to HK$1,061,150,000 (2023: HK$1,318,616,000), with net profit margin (defined as profit attributable
to equity shareholders of the Company divided by total revenue) decreased from 20.4% last year to 18.4% this
year.

Dividends

For the year ended 31 December 2024, an interim dividend of HK$0.08 per share was declared on 28 August
2024 and paid on 27 September 2024 (2023: HK$0.07 per share). The Board recommended a final dividend of
HK$0.095 per share (2023: HK$0.10 per share) which, together with the interim dividend, will result in total
dividends of HK$0.175 per share for the year ended 31 December 2024 (2023: HK$0.17 per share). The payment
of the final dividend is subject to the approval in the forthcoming annual general meeting.




                                                                                     Annual Report 2024          17
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL RESOURCES AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE

     The Group primarily finances its working capital and other capital requirements by net cash generated from
     operating activities and resorts to external financing including both long-term and short-term bank borrowings
     from time to time in case the projected operating cash flow is insufficient to meet the capital requirements.

     As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents decreased to HK$1,257,702,000 (31 December
     2023: HK$1,615,208,000), mostly were denominated in RMB.

     As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s bank borrowings increased to HK$3,635,931,000 (31 December 2023:
     HK$3,368,141,000), comprising HK$2,435,487,000 (31 December 2023: HK$2,118,141,000) of borrowings
     denominated in RMB and HK$1,200,444,000 (31 December 2023: HK$1,250,000,000) in Hong Kong dollars. The
     increase in onshore bank borrowing denominated in RMB is considered beneficial to the Group due to a lower
     cost of fund in China. As at 31 December 2024, all of the Group’s bank borrowings were repayable within 5
     years, mostly bearing interest at variable rates. Please refer to note 21 to the financial statements for details of
     repayment, security and fulfilment of covenants.

     Gearing ratio (defined as net debt, which is bank borrowings and lease liabilities less cash and cash equivalents,
     divided by total capital less non-controlling interests) was 24.8% as at 31 December 2024 which was higher
     than 20.2% as at 31 December 2023 due to increase in net debt of the Group. Current ratio (defined as current
     assets divided by current liabilities) further improved from 2.03 as at 31 December 2023 to 2.78 as at 31
     December 2024.

     As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s total capital commitments outstanding but not provided for was
     HK$561,838,000 (31 December 2023: HK$691,843,000).

     Overall, the Group continued to maintain a sound liquidity position, a sufficient working capital level and a low-
     risk capital structure in view of the Group’s operation needs and capital commitments.

     EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY

     As at 31 December 2024, the Group had approximately 6,100 employees (31 December 2023: approximately
     5,600 employees), most of whom were based in the PRC. The remuneration policy of employees other than
     executive Directors and senior management is based on industry practice and is periodically reviewed by executive
     Directors or senior management. Apart from social insurance and in-house training programmes, other kinds of
     remuneration such as discretionary bonuses, share options under the share option schemes of the Company and
     shares granted under the Restricted Share Award Scheme may be awarded to eligible employees according to the
     assessment of individual performance. Please refer details of the share option schemes of the Company and the
     Restricted Share Award Scheme to the respective sections in the Report of the Directors.

     The overriding objective of the remuneration policy of executive Directors and senior management is to provide
     the packages needed to attract, retain and motivate executive Directors and senior management of the quality
     required to run the Company successfully, without paying more than necessary. The remuneration policy of
     executive Directors and senior management are reviewed and recommended for the Board’s approval by the
     Remuneration Committee. In addition, share options may be granted under the share option schemes of the
     Company and shares may be granted under the Restricted Share Award Scheme to the executive Directors and
     senior management. The remuneration package is reviewed with reference to the Board’s corporate goals and
     objectives, prevailing market practice, duties and responsibilities of the individual executive Director or senior
     management and his/her contribution to the Group. The objective of remunerating non-executive Directors is
     to ensure that they are remunerated sufficiently but not excessively for their efforts and time dedicated to the
     Company.



18     SSY Group Limited
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY (Continued)

The total remuneration cost incurred by the Group for year ended 31 December 2024 was approximately
HK$774,835,000 (2023: HK$717,031,000), representing an increase of 8.1% as compared with last year mainly
due to an increased number of employees.

PLEDGE OF ASSETS

As at 31 December 2024, certain bank deposits of HK$84,152,000 (31 December 2023: HK$50,955,000) were
pledged for letters of credit facilities and bank acceptance notes issued by the Group, and bank deposits of
HK$19,019,000 (31 December 2023: HK$Nil) were the restricted cash. Please refer to note 19 to the financial
statements for details of pledged and restrict bank deposits. As at 31 December 2024, none of the Group’s right-
of-use assets were pledged as collateral for the Group’s bank borrowings. As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s
right-of-use assets with a carrying amount of HK$47,229,000 were pledged as collateral for the Group’s certain
bank borrowings.

FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISK

Majority of the Group’s businesses are operated in the PRC and are denominated in RMB. Except for the foreign
currency translation risk arising from the translation into Hong Kong dollars for the financial statements of
subsidiaries with the functional currencies of RMB, the Group does not expect any materially adverse effects
of the exchange rate fluctuation. Hence, no financial instrument for hedging was employed. Nevertheless, the
Group is closely monitoring the financial market and would consider appropriate measures if required.

As at the dates below, the exchange rates of converting HK$ into RMB (as calculated in HK$) were:

1 January 2023                                  0.89327
31 December 2023                                0.90622
31 December 2024                                0.92604

MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS

There was no material acquisition or disposal of subsidiary or associate for the year ended 31 December 2024.

CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

As at 31 December 2024, the Group did not have any significant contingent liabilities.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2024        19
     BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




     DIRECTORS

     Executive directors

     Mr. Qu Jiguang（曲繼廣先生）, aged 70, an executive director, the chairman of the Board and chief executive
     officer of the Company. Mr. Qu is responsible for the strategic planning, business development and overall
     management of the Group. Mr. Qu is also the chief executive officer of the Company who is responsible to
     lead the management implementing the business strategies of the Group. Mr. Qu joined Shijiazhuang No. 1
     Pharmaceutical Factory (“No. 1 Pharma”) as deputy factory manager in 1995. He later became a director and
     the vice general manager of Shijiazhuang Pharmaceutical Group. From December 2004, Mr. Qu has been the
     chairman of New Orient Investments Pharmaceutical Holding (Hong Kong) Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of
     the Company (“New Orient”), the chairman of China Pharmaceutical Company Limited, a controlling shareholder
     of the Company (“CPCL”) and the chairman of CMP Group Limited (“CMP”). Mr. Qu was an independent non-
     executive Director of the Company and was an executive director of China Pharmaceutical Group Limited, a
     company listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”), from February 2001 to
     September 2004. Mr. Qu graduated from Tianjin Finance College with a postgraduate degree in Finance in 1999.
     He is also an economist accredited by The Ministry of Personnel of China. Mr. Qu has over 30 years of experience
     in pharmaceutical industry. He has key roles in China Pharmaceutical Industry Association（中國化學製藥協會）,
     Hebei Provincial Association of Enterprise（河北省企業聯合會）and Hebei Pharmaceutical Industry Association（河
     北省醫藥行業協會）.

     Mr. Su Xuejun（蘇學軍先生）, aged 57, an executive director. Mr. Su is currently the chairman of the Board of
     Shijiazhuang No. 4 Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Shijiazhuang No. 4 Pharma”), the Company’s indirectly wholly-
     owned subsidiary. Mr. Su focuses in the pharmaceutical market development, operations and management. He
     has extensive understanding and experience in sales and marketing as well as the policy in pharmaceutical related
     industries. Mr. Su joined No.1 Pharma as assistant to factory manager in 1990. And afterwards he served as
     deputy general manager of a subsidiary of the Shijiazhuang Pharmaceutical Group selling preparations, deputy
     general manager of Shijiazhuang No.4 Pharma and general manager of Shijiazhuang No.4 Pharma. Since January
     2007, Mr. Su acts as executive director of Shijiazhuang No.4 Pharma and New Orient. Mr. Su graduated from
     Hebei Normal University, majoring in biology, with a bachelor’s degree.

     Mr. Meng Guo（孟國先生）, aged 51, an executive director. Mr. Meng is currently the deputy general manager of
     the Company, a director of New Orient and Shijiazhuang No. 4 Pharma and Hebei Guolong Pharmaceutical Co.,
     Ltd, all being wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company, and the executive president in charge of finance and
     information-based operations of Shijiazhuang No. 4. After joining Shijiazhuang No. 4 Pharma in year 2001, Mr.
     Meng held the positions of deputy head and manager of the finance department of Shijiazhuang No. 4 Pharma,
     and has over 20 years of experience in corporate finance, tax and information technology management. Mr. Meng
     has consistently participated in investors’ relations duties of the Company. Mr. Meng holds a Bachelor’s degree in
     Mathematics from Lanzhou University and a Master’s degree in Software Engineering from Beijing University of
     Technology. He also holds the qualification of senior accountant in the People’s Republic of China.

     Mr. Chow Hing Yeung（周 興 揚 先 生）, aged 46, an executive director. Mr. Chow is currently the Chief
     Financial Officer and Company Secretary of the Company. Mr. Chow obtained a Bachelor’s degree of Business
     Administration from the Chinese University of Hong Kong. Before joining the Company in August 2011, he worked
     in PricewaterhouseCoopers and financial department of listed companies in Hong Kong, and has over 20 years of
     experience in audit, accounting and financial management. Mr. Chow has consistently participated in investors’
     relations duties of the Company. He is a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

     Ms. Qu Wanrong（曲婉蓉女士）, aged 41, an executive director. Ms. Qu is currently the deputy general manager
     of the Company, responsible for public relations and corporate communications. Ms. Qu graduated from Massey
     University of New Zealand with a Bachelor of Business Studies degree. Before joining the Company in 2014, she
     worked as an auditor at PwC China from 2012 to 2013. Ms. Qu has extensive experience in financial audit, public
     relations and corporate communications. She is a daughter of Mr. Qu Jiguang.




20     SSY Group Limited
BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




Non-executive director

Mr. Liu Wenjun（劉文軍先生）, aged 53, a non-executive Director. Mr. Liu currently serves as the general
manager of the Xindu Base of Sichuan Kelun Pharmaceutical Company Limited (“Sichuan Kelun”), a position he
has taken since 2013. He was the general manager of Kunming Nanjiang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.（昆明南疆製
藥有限公司）from 2005 to 2013. He served as a workshop supervisor of Sichuan Kelun from 2002 to 2005, and
a technician at the Sichuan Antibiotics Laboratory of the National Medical Products Administration（國家醫藥管
理局四川抗菌素研究所）from 1996 to 2002. Mr. Liu graduated from Chengdu University of Traditional Chinese
Medicine with a Bachelor of Science degree and holds the qualification of a Senior Engineer in the People’s
Republic of China.

Independent non-executive directors

Mr. Wang Yibing（王 亦 兵 先 生）, aged 62, an independent non-executive Director. Mr. Wang graduated
from Shenyang Pharmaceutical University, majored in pharmacy（瀋陽藥科大學藥學）. Mr. Wang joined Heibei
Provincial Pharmaceutical Research Centre（河北省藥物研究所）in July 1983 and became supervisor in research
centre of pharmacodynamics, research centre of preparations, the pharmaceutical factory and scientific research
management centre successively. In 1991, Mr. Wang joined the General Economics Division of Hebei Provincial
Administration of Medicine（河北省醫藥管理局綜合經濟處）as vice supervisor and was promoted to supervisor
and the deputy director successively. From April 2000 to July 2005, he was the Director of Division of Drug
Registration and Division of Drug Safety and Inspection of Hebei Food and Drug Administration（河北省食品藥
品監督管理局藥品註冊處，藥品安全監管處）. Mr. Wang possesses over 30 years’ experience in pharmaceutical
research, production and industry regulation, is familiar with pharmaceutical laws and regulations and drug
inspection procedures. He has profound exposure in the areas of pharmaceutical research, production, circulation
and application, while comprehends and provides insights into the overall situation and trend of development of
the pharmaceutical industry at both the provincial and state levels.

Mr. Chow Kwok Wai（周國偉先生）, aged 58, an independent non-executive Director. Mr. Chow served as
a non-executive director of Cinda International Holdings Limited (stock code: 111) from November 2008 to
November 2022 and as an executive director of Silver Grant International Holdings Group Limited (stock code:
171) from April 2004 to December 2012, both companies being listed on the Stock Exchange. Mr. Chow served
as an independent non-executive director of Youyuan International Holdings Limited (a company incorporated
in the Cayman Islands with limited liability and been cancelled of listing on the Stock Exchange with effect from
22 March 2021) from May 2010 to October 2019. Mr. Chow has worked in Price Waterhouse, which is now
known as PricewaterhouseCoopers, and has accumulated valuable audit experience there. Mr. Chow has over 30
years of experience in accounting, financial management and corporate finance. Mr. Chow received his bachelor
degree in Social Sciences from the University of Hong Kong in 1990. Mr. Chow is a Fellow member of the
Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and a Fellow CPA of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants. He is also a Chartered Tax Adviser and a Fellow member of the Taxation Institute of Hong Kong.

Mr. Jiang Guangce（姜廣策先生）, aged 53, an independent non-executive Director. Mr. Jiang has over 20
years of experience in the field of healthcare and investment. He is currently the chairman of Tibet DeChuan
Investment Management Co., Ltd. (“Tibet DeChuan”). Mr. Jiang obtained the doctor’s degree from the School of
Chemistry, Sun Yat-sen University in year 2000, and completed the post-doctoral research in biopharmaceutical
area at the College of Biological Engineering, South China University of Technology in year 2002. Mr. Jiang
was the general manager of Guangzhou Baiji Health Management Co., Ltd.（廣州百濟健康管理有限公司）, the
healthcare analyst of KGI Securities and the chief analyst of pharmaceutical industry in Greater China of Yuanta
Securities. Mr. Jiang served as an independent director of Shanghai Rongtai Health Technology Corporation
Limited, the shares of which are listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 603579), from October 2016
to October 2019. Mr. Jiang has been the chairman of Tibet DeChuan since December 2012.




                                                                                       Annual Report 2024           21
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     The board of directors (the “Board”) of SSY Group Limited (the “Company”) is pleased to present this corporate
     governance report for the year ended 31 December 2024 (the “Corporate Governance Report”).

     The Board is committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance. The Board believes that good
     corporate governance practices are essential for the growth of the Group and for safeguarding and maximizing
     shareholders’ interests. The Board reviews its corporate governance practices from time to time in order to meet
     the stakeholders’ expectations and comply with the latest regulatory requirements, and to fulfill its commitment
     to a high standard of corporate governance.

     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

     The Company has complied with all applicable code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG
     Code”) contained in Appendix C1 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange of
     Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”) throughout the year ended 31 December 2024, except for the deviation
     from code provision C.2.1 of the CG code as follows:

     Under code provision C.2.1, the roles of chairman and chief executive should be separate and should not
     be performed by the same individual. Mr. Qu Jiguang has been appointed as the chairman of the Board,
     who has the principal role of providing the leadership for and effective running of the Board. In view of the
     present composition of the Board and the in-depth knowledge of Mr. Qu Jiguang in the Company’s operations
     and pharmaceutical industry, Mr. Qu Jiguang has also assumed the role as the chief executive officer of the
     Company, who was delegated with the responsibilities to lead the management implementing the business
     strategies of the Group. The Board believes that it is in the best interest of the Company to vest both roles in Mr.
     Qu Jiguang, which allows for more effective planning and execution of business strategies. As all major decisions
     are made in consultation with members of the Board, the Company believes that there is adequate balance of
     power and authority in place.

     BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     As at 31 December 2024, the Board comprises five executive Directors, namely, Mr. Qu Jiguang (Chairman), Mr.
     Su Xuejun, Mr. Meng Guo, Mr. Chow Hing Yeung and Ms. Qu Wanrong, a non-executive Director, namely, Mr.
     Liu Wenjun and three independent non-executive Directors, namely, Mr. Wang Yibing, Mr. Chow Kwok Wai and
     Mr. Jiang Guangce (the “Directors”).

     The Board is responsible for leadership and control of the Company and oversees the Group’s businesses,
     strategic direction and performance. All policy matters of the Group, material transactions or transactions where
     there is conflict of interests are reserved for the Board’s decisions. The Board is responsible for reviewing and
     monitoring the training and continuous professional development of directors and senior management, and
     the code of conduct applicable to employees and the Directors. The Board is also responsible for reviewing and
     monitoring the policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements of the Company, the
     compliance with the CG code and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report, and the effective governance
     and oversight of the Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) matters including assessment and
     management of material environmental and social risks as well as the disclosure in the ESG Report in accordance
     with the ESG Reporting Guide set out in Appendix C2 to the Listing Rules.

     The Board appointed Mr. Qu Jiguang as the Chairman, who has the principal role of providing the leadership
     for and effective running of the Board. Other roles and responsibilities of the Chairman include approving
     the agenda of board meetings, ensuring all Directors are properly briefed on issues arising at board meetings
     and have received information which is adequate, accurate and complete in a timely manner, ensuring good
     corporate governance and effective shareholder communication practices and procedures, encouraging all
     Directors to make full and active contributions to the Board’s affairs as well as promoting a culture of openness
     for contribution by non-executive Directors.


22     SSY Group Limited
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

The Board has delegated the day-to-day responsibility for the management of the Group’s business to the
management. The Board has given clear directions as to the powers of management, in particular, with respect
to the circumstances where management should report back and obtain prior approval from the Board before
making decisions or entering into any commitments on behalf of the Company. As explained above under the
heading “CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES”, Mr. Qu Jiguang, the Chairman of the Board, also assumed
the role as the chief executive officer of the Company who was delegated with the responsibilities to lead the
management implementing the business strategies of the Group.

In addition, the Board has also delegated various responsibilities to the Nomination Committee, the
Remuneration Committee and the Audit Committee of the Company (the “Board Committees”). Further details
of the Board Committees, among others, their roles and functions are set out in the later parts of this report. The
Company reviews the appropriateness of these delegation arrangements periodically in view of the Company’s
needs.

The Directors are considered to have a balance of skill and experience appropriate for the requirements of the
business of the Company and have devoted sufficient time and make contributions to the Company based on
their roles and responsibilities, details of the Directors are shown under the section headed “Biographical Details
of Directors and Senior Management”.

There are sufficient numbers of independent non-executive Directors in the Company, among which, Mr. Chow
Kwok Wai is a certified public accountant. During the year ended 31 December 2024 and up to date of this
Corporate Governance Report, there was no change which may affect the independence of independent non-
executive Directors of the Company.

Appropriate directors’ and officers’ liability insurance has been arranged for the Directors and Officers of the
Company.

There are no financial, business, family and other material or relevant relationships among members of the
Board.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2024           23
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

     During the year ended 31 December 2024, a total of four board meetings and one annual general meeting
     (“AGM”) were held and the attendance of each Director was in the table below. All the independent non-
     executive Directors, being the chairmen of the Board Committees, and the non– executive Director have attended
     the AGM held during the year ended 31 December 2024.

                                                                                Number of meetings attended/
                                                                              held within Director’s service period
     Name of Director                                                          Board meetings                  AGM

     Executive Directors
     Mr. Qu Jiguang (Chairman)                                                               4/4                 1/1
     Mr. Su Xuejun                                                                           4/4                 1/1
     Mr. Meng Guo                                                                            4/4                 1/1
     Mr. Chow Hing Yeung                                                                     4/4                 1/1
     Ms. Qu Wanrong (appointed on 28 August 2024)                                            2/2                 0/0

     Non-executive Director
     Mr. Liu Wenjun (appointed on 19 January 2024)                                           4/4                 1/1

     Independent non-executive Directors
     Mr. Wang Yibing                                                                         4/4                 1/1
     Mr. Chow Kwok Wai                                                                       4/4                 1/1
     Mr. Jiang Guangce                                                                       4/4                 1/1

     During the year, Mr. Qu Jiguang, the Chairman of the Board, held one meeting with all independent non-
     executive Directors without the presence of other directors.

     The Company ensures that all Directors are participating in board proceedings in a meaningful and effective
     manner. Notice of at least 14 days are served to all Directors of a regular board meeting. For all other board
     meetings and committee meetings, reasonable notice is generally given. Agendas and accompanying board
     papers and related materials are normally sent to all Directors at reasonable time before the intended date
     of meetings to enable them to make informed decisions and perform their duties. All Directors are given the
     opportunity to contact the Company Secretary to include matters in the agenda for regular board meeting, and
     have separate and independent access to the senior management of the Company whenever necessary.

     Minutes of board meetings and meetings of board committees (i.e. Nomination Committee, Remuneration
     Committee and Audit Committee) of the Company were kept by Company Secretary and such minutes are
     open for inspection at reasonable time and on reasonable notice by any Director. Such minutes were recorded
     in sufficient detail the matters considered by the board and decisions reached. Draft and final versions of such
     minutes were sent to all directors for their comment and record respectively within a reasonable time after the
     board meeting was held.

     All directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary with a view to ensuring that board
     procedures, and all applicable rules and regulations, are followed. The Company has a procedure to enable the
     Directors, upon reasonable request, to seek independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the
     Company’s expense.




24     SSY Group Limited
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




BOARD OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

If a substantial shareholder or a Director has a conflict of interest in a matter to be considered by the Board
which the Board has determined to be material, the matter shall be discussed by a physical board meeting
rather than a written resolution. Independent non-executive Directors who, and whose close associates, have no
material interest in the transaction shall be present at such Board meeting.

NOMINATION, APPOINTMENTS AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS

The appointment and re-election of Directors shall be made in accordance with the Company’s Articles of
Association and other applicable rules and regulations, including but not limited to the Listing Rules. In addition,
the Company has established a nomination policy with the objectives of setting out the key selection criteria,
principles and procedures of appointments and re-election of directors. The factors used as reference by the
Nomination Committee in assessing the suitability of a proposed candidate includes reputation for integrity,
skills and knowledge, experience in pharmaceutical industry, commitment in respect of available time as well
as age, culture, ethnicity and gender diversity of the Board. The candidate to be nominated as an independent
non-executive Director must satisfy the independence criteria set out in the Listing Rules. Where applicable, the
totality of the candidate’s education, qualifications and experience shall also be evaluated for filling the office
of an independent non-executive Director. All these criteria are for reference only and are not meant to be
exhaustive or decisive, and the Board shall take into consideration the board diversity policy of the Company
when selecting Board candidates. The Nomination Committee will monitor the implementation of and from time
to time review the nomination policy, as appropriate, to ensure the effectiveness of it.

Regarding nomination procedures, the Company Secretary shall call a meeting of the Nomination Committee,
and invite nominations of candidates from Board members if any, for consideration by the Nomination
Committee. The Nomination Committee may also put forward candidates who are not nominated by
Board members. After the Nomination Committee makes its recommendations to the Board, the Board
has the authority on approving the nomination of the candidate and the appointment of Directors. Details
of the candidate including the names, brief biographies (including qualifications and relevant experience),
independence, proposed remuneration and any other information should be provided for consideration by the
Nomination Committee, the Board and/or the shareholders in the general meeting. For shareholders’ nomination
of any proposed person for election as a Director, shareholders should lodge a notice with the Company
proposing a person for election as a Director at a general meeting and please refer its procedures to the section
headed “Shareholders’ Rights” in this report.

Subject to the requirement of retirement from office by rotation pursuant to the Articles of Association of the
Company as set out in the next paragraph, each of non-executive Director and independent non-executive
Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company for a term of three years, and executive Directors
has entered into a service contract with the Company for a specific term (usually three years) which may be
extended as each Director and the Company may agree. Key terms and conditions of the Director’s appointment
are set out in the service contract or formal letter of appointment for the Director.

At each annual general meeting, one-third of the Directors (including non-executive Director and independent
non-executive Directors) for the time being (or, if their number is not a multiple of three, the number nearest
to but not less than one-third) shall retire from office by rotation provided that each Director shall be subject
to retirement at least once every three years. Also, the Directors appointed as an addition to the Board shall be
subject to re-election by the shareholders at the first general meeting after their appointment.




                                                                                          Annual Report 2024           25
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     TRAINING FOR DIRECTORS

     All Directors have participated in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge
     and skills. Each year, the Company provided all Directors materials and directors training seminar for updates
     on the latest developments regarding corporate governance, the Listing Rules and other applicable regulatory
     requirements. The Directors also have opportunities to attend other seminars, conferences or briefings, and
     conduct site visits to the operation base of the Group. For newly appointed directors, a comprehensive induction
     on appointment and subsequent continuous professional development are arranged to ensure that they properly
     understand the Group’s business and their responsibilities. All the existing Directors as at 31 December 2024 of
     the Company have provided the records of training they received during the year ended 31 December 2024 to
     the Company Secretary of the Company (the “Company Secretary”) and the participation by each of them in the
     continuous professional development was as follows:

                                                                                     Attending
                                                                                      seminars/
                                                                   Reading         conferences/
     Name of Director                                             materials            briefings          Site visits

     Executive Directors
     Mr. Qu Jiguang (Chairman)                                            ✔                   ✔                    ✔
     Mr. Su Xuejun                                                        ✔                   ✔                    ✔
     Mr. Meng Guo                                                         ✔                   ✔                    ✔
     Mr. Chow Hing Yeung                                                  ✔                   ✔                    ✔
     Ms. Qu Wanrong                                                       ✔                   ✔                    ✔

     Non-executive Director
     Mr. Liu Wenjun                                                       ✔                   ✔                    –

     Independent non-executive Directors
     Mr. Wang Yibing                                                      ✔                   ✔                    ✔
     Mr. Chow Kwok Wai                                                    ✔                   ✔                    –
     Mr. Jiang Guangce                                                    ✔                   ✔                    –

     COMPANY SECRETARY

     All directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary who is a full time employee of the
     Company and has day-to-day knowledge of the Company’s affairs. During the year, the Company Secretary had
     taken no less than 15 hours of relevant professional training requirement, in compliance with Rule 3.29 of the
     Listing Rules.




26     SSY Group Limited
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY

The Company has adopted a board diversity policy which sets out the approach to achieve and maintain diversity
on the Board in order to enhance the effectiveness of the Board. Pursuant to the policy, the Company seeks to
achieve Board diversity through the consideration of a number of factors, including but not limited to gender,
age, cultural and education background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of
service.

Taking into account the characteristics of the pharmaceutical industry, the Group’s current situation and the
feasibility of measurable objectives related to various factors, the Board has set out the measurable objectives as
follows:

1.    the Board comprises director(s) who has/have professional qualifications or relevant experience in one of
      non-pharmaceutical fields such as accounting, legal or investment industry;

2.    the Board comprises executive director, non-executive director and independent non-executive director;
      and

3.    at least one director with a gender different from the existing single gender board will be appointed no
      later than 31 December 2024.

At present, all of the above measurable objectives have been achieved.

To ascertain the progress made towards achieving the objective of Board diversity, the Board has delegated the
responsibility to the Nomination Committee to review of the implementation and effectiveness of the board
diversity policy, including but limited to ensuring the measurable objectives’ appropriateness and considering any
new measurable objectives, from time to time with at least once a year to ensure its continued effectiveness and
its compliance with all applicable rules and regulations, including but not limited to the Listing Rules, and the
Nomination Committee is responsible for making recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board.

NOMINATION COMMITTEE

The Board has established the Nomination Committee. As at 31 December 2024, the Nomination Committee is
chaired by Mr. Wang Yibing and with committee members of Mr. Chow Kwok Wai and Mr. Jiang Guangce, all
of them being independent non-executive Directors. The terms of reference of the Nomination Committee are
available at the Company’s website and the website of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.

The roles and functions of the Nomination Committee include reviewing the structure, size and composition
(including the skills, knowledge and experience) of the Board taking into account the Company’s board diversity
policy, making recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board, identifying candidates and/or making
recommendations to the Board on candidates nominated for directorships taking into account the Company’s
nomination policy as well as reviewing the Company’s board diversity policy and nomination policy from time to
time to ensure their continued effectiveness and their compliance with all applicable rules and regulations.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2024           27
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     NOMINATION COMMITTEE (Continued)

     Meeting of the Nomination Committee shall be held at least once a year. Two meetings were held during
     the year ended 31 December 2024. Appointment of Mr. Liu Wenjun as a non-executive Director and Ms. Qu
     Wanrong as an executive Director were discussed and recommended to the Board in the first and the second
     meeting respectively, and the Board composition, the Company’s board diversity policy and nomination policy
     were reviewed. The attendance of each member was as follows:

                                                                                    Number of meetings attended/
     Name of committee members                                                 held within Director’s service period

     Mr. Wang Yibing                                                                                               2/2
     Mr. Chow Kwok Wai                                                                                             2/2
     Mr. Jiang Guangce                                                                                             2/2

     REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

     The Board has established the Remuneration Committee. As at 31 December 2024, the Remuneration Committee
     is chaired by Mr. Jiang Guangce and with committee members of Mr. Wang Yibing and Mr. Chow Kwok Wai, all
     of them being independent non-executive Directors. The terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee are
     available at the Company’s website and the website of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.

     The principal roles and functions of the Remuneration Committee is the formulation, review and
     recommendation to the Board on the Company’s policy and structure for all Directors and senior management
     remuneration and on the establishment of a formal and transparent policy on their remuneration.

     Other roles and functions of the Remuneration Committee include consulting the Chairman of the Board about
     their remuneration proposals for other executive Directors and senior management, reviewing and approving
     the management’s remuneration proposals with reference to the Board’s corporate goals and objectives, making
     recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual executive Director and senior
     management (including benefits in kind, pension rights and compensation payments), making recommendations
     to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive Directors, reviewing and/or approving matters relating to
     share schemes under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules, approving the grant of share options and share awards to
     eligible participants pursuant to the share schemes of the Company, approving and making recommendations to
     the Board on the terms of the Directors’ service contracts and compensation arrangement relating to termination,
     dismissal or removal of the Directors, and ensuring that no Director or his/her associates is involved in deciding
     that Director’s own remuneration.




28     SSY Group Limited
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




REMUNERATION COMMITTEE (Continued)

Meeting of the Remuneration Committee shall be held at least once a year. Three meetings had been held during
the year ended 31 December 2024. During the meetings, remuneration paid to the newly appointed Directors, or
remuneration paid to the existing Directors and the remuneration policy of the Directors and senior management
of the Company, have been reviewed. The attendance of each member was as follows:

                                                                               Number of meetings attended/
Name of committee members                                                 held within Director’s service period

Mr. Jiang Guangce                                                                                             3/3
Mr. Wang Yibing                                                                                               3/3
Mr. Chow Kwok Wai                                                                                             3/3

The overriding objective of the remuneration policy of executive Directors and senior management is to provide
the packages needed to attract, retain and motivate executive Directors and senior management of the quality
required to run the Company successfully, without paying more than necessary. The remuneration policy of
executive Directors and senior management are reviewed and recommended for the Board’s approval by the
Remuneration Committee. In addition, share options may be granted under the Share Option Scheme of the
Company and shares may be granted under the Restricted Share Award Scheme to the executive Directors and
senior management. The remuneration package is reviewed with reference to the Board’s corporate goals and
objectives, prevailing market practice, duties and responsibilities of the individual executive Director or senior
management and his/her contribution to the Group. Remuneration packages of executive Directors comprise
base salary, performance bonus and fringe benefits including the provident fund, medical insurance and other
miscellaneous benefits. All the Directors are entitled to participate in the Share Option Scheme of the Company.
The emolument payable to Directors depends on their respective contractual terms under the service contract
with the Company, and as recommended by the Remuneration Committee. Details of the remuneration of the
Directors and individuals with highest emoluments are set out in note 8 and note 9 to the financial statement
respectively.

The objective of remunerating non-executive Directors is to ensure that they are remunerated sufficiently but not
excessively for their efforts and time dedicated to the Company. Every of the non-executive Directors has entered
into a service contract with the Company for an initial term of 3 years commencing from the appointment date.
The annual emolument is HK$228,000 for each of the independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Wang
Yibing, Mr. Chow Kwok Wai and Mr. Jiang Guangce, and for the non-executive Director, namely Mr. Liu Wenjun.

AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Board has established the Audit Committee and its terms of reference are available at the Company’s
website and the website of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. In compliance with Rule 3.21 of the
Listing Rules, the Audit Committee comprises three independent non-executive Directors. As at 31 December
2024, the Audit Committee is chaired by Mr. Chow Kwok Wai who is a certificated public accountant and the
committee members are Mr. Wang Yibing and Mr. Jiang Guangce. No member of the Audit Committee is a
member of the former or the existing auditor of the Company.

The principal roles and functions of the Audit Committee are to provide the Board an independent oversight
of the financial reporting, internal control and risk management systems of the Group and to maintain an
appropriate relationship of the Company’s external auditors.




                                                                                        Annual Report 2024           29
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     AUDIT COMMITTEE (Continued)

     Other roles and functions of the Audit Committee include reviewing the Group’s financial information, financial
     controls as well as the internal control and risk management systems, making recommendations to the Board
     on the appointment, reappointment and removal of the external auditor, reviewing and monitoring the external
     audit and internal control review processes, and reviewing the Company’s policies and practices on corporate
     governance, anti-corruption and anti-bribery as well as whistleblowing for making recommendations on any
     proposed changes to the Board.

     According to its terms of reference, meetings of the Audit Committee shall be held at least twice a year. Two
     meetings had been held during the year ended 31 December 2024. The attendance of each member was as
     follows:

                                                                                    Number of meetings attended/
     Name of committee members                                                 held within Director’s service period

     Mr. Chow Kwok Wai                                                                                              2/2
     Mr. Wang Yibing                                                                                                2/2
     Mr. Jiang Guangce                                                                                              2/2

     During the above meetings and throughout the year ended 31 December 2024 in performing its duties, the work
     performed by the Audit Committee included:

     (a)   reviewed, among other things, the report by the internal control consultant and the financial statements,
           significant accounting policies and judgements of the Group contained in the Annual Report and the
           Interim Report with liaison with the Company’s senior management and/or the external auditor before
           submission to the Board;

     (b)   met with the external auditor to discuss the audit approach and audit findings twice a year; and

     (c)   reviewed the external auditor’s independence and effectiveness of its audit service, and recommended to
           the Board, for the approval by shareholders, of the re-appointment of the external auditor and approval of
           its remuneration.

     DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities (as set out in page 78 of this Annual Report under the section
     headed “Independent Auditor’s Report”) for overseeing the preparation of the financial statements of the Group
     that give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Group and of the financial results and cash flows for
     that reporting period. The management provides to the Board monthly updates of the Group’s financial position
     and any other supplementary information giving a balanced and understandable assessment of the Group’s
     performance, position and prospects so as to enable the Board to discharge its duties. The management also
     provides to the Board sufficient explanation and information so as to enable the Board to make an informed
     assessment of the financial and other information put before the Board for approval. The Board was not aware
     of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that might cast significant doubt upon the Group’s
     ability to continue as a going concern and the Board has prepared the financial statements on a going concern
     basis. The responsibility of the external auditor is to form an independent opinion, based on their audit, on
     those consolidated financial statements prepared by the Board and to report their opinion to the shareholders
     of the Company. A statement by the auditor about their reporting responsibilities is included in the Independent
     Auditor’s Report.




30     SSY Group Limited
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION

The fees paid and payable to the Company’s auditor, KPMG, in respect of audit services and non-audit services
for the year ended 31 December 2024 amounted to approximately HK$3,297,000 (2023: HK$2,996,000) and
HK$Nil (2023: HK$Nil) respectively.

RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

The Board is responsible for overseeing the risk management and internal control systems of the Group. The
systems include a defined management structure with limits of authority, and are designed to enable the Board
to identify, evaluate and manage significant risks (including ESG risks) so as to manage rather than eliminate
the risk of failure to achieve its business objectives, provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against
material misstatement or loss, safeguard its assets and shareholders’ interests, and ensure compliance with
applicable laws and regulations. The Group has established policies which set out internal control procedures
in respect of inside information (as set out below under the heading “HANDLING OF INSIDE INFORMATION”)
anti-corruption, anti-bribery and whistleblowing (as set out below under the heading “ANTI-CORRUPTION AND
WHISTLEBLOWING”), connected transactions/continuing connected transactions and other key risk areas. Detailed
policies and/or procedures in individual departments and functions are established for, including but limited to
budgeting, information reporting, performance monitoring, whistleblowing by employees and stakeholders as
well as anti-corruption and fraud prevention, so as to implement the Group’s risk and internal control systems
and achieve their objectives.

The Board conducts annual review of the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems
of the Company and its subsidiaries and, in particular, ensures the adequacy of financial and human resources
in performance and reporting of the Company’s accounting, financial and ESG functions. Having assessed the
current situation of the Group including the changes in its operation size, business nature, industry environment
and other significant risks (including ESG risks) since last annual review, and resources required for setting up
in-house internal audit, the Board considered so far the engagement of one of the big four accounting firms as
internal control consultant is in the best interests of the Company. The internal control consultant identifies and
examines key issues in relation to the control environment, risk management, control activities, information and
communication, compliance management, and selected key operational and financial processes based on risk
assessment results. The internal consultant then provides findings and recommendations for improvement in the
form of a review report, which is reported to the Audit Committee for making recommendation to the Board on
the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems. Suggestions proposed in the review are
also considered by the Board for improving the Company’s internal control measures and resolve material internal
control defects, if any.

For the year ended 31 December 2024, a review on the effectiveness of the risk management and internal
control systems of the Company has been conducted by the Board. Based on the information provided by
the internal control consultant and its own observations and assessments, the Board concluded that the risk
management and internal control systems are effective and adequate.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2024           31
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     HANDLING OF INSIDE INFORMATION

     The Group has established policy and procedures on handling and dissemination of inside information which sets
     out guidelines to the directors, officers and all relevant employees of the Group to ensure inside information
     of the Company is to be disseminated to the public in equal and timely manner in accordance with the
     Securities and Futures Ordinance, the Listing Rule and all other applicable laws and regulations. The Company
     has established written guidelines to the directors, officers and all relevant employees of the Company and its
     subsidiaries on assessing whether material information that comes to their knowledge is inside information and
     escalating such information for the attention of the Board promptly. The Company discloses information and
     publish announcements in compliance with the Listing Rules and other relevant laws and regulations. The primary
     focus of the Company is to ensure information disclosure is timely, accurate and complete.

     ANTI-CORRUPTION AND WHISTLEBLOWING

     The Group strictly prohibits any form of bribery or corruption, and is committed to acting professionally, fairly
     and with integrity in all of its business dealings and relationships wherever the Group operates and implementing
     and enforcing effective systems to counter bribery and corruption. The Group is committed to conduct all of
     its business in an honest, transparent and ethical manner. The Group has established policies and systems
     that promote and support the applicable laws and regulations on anti-corruption including but not limited to
     the Criminal Law and the Anti-Unfair Competition Law of the People’s Republic of China and the Prevention
     of Bribery Ordinance (Cap. 201) of the Laws of Hong Kong. The Company’s anti-corruption and anti-bribery
     policy aims to (i) set out the Group’s responsibilities and of those working for and on the Group’s behalf, in
     observing and upholding the Group’s position, and (ii) provide information and guidance on how to recognise
     and deal with bribery and corruption issues. The Group has also established whistleblowing policy which
     aims to (i) provide reporting channels and guidance on reporting possible improprieties, and reassurance to
     persons reporting his/her concerns (the “Whistle-blowers”) of the protection against unfair disciplinary action
     or victimization for any genuine reports made, and (ii) allow fair and independent investigation of the above-
     mentioned matters and appropriate follow-up actions. Under the Company’s whistleblowing policy, every report
     shall be made in person or in writing either by email accessed by the audit committee of the Company (the
     “Audit Committee”) or by post to the Audit Committee. Based on different scenarios, the Audit Committee shall
     then determine the course of action to pursue, with power to delegate, with respect to the report. If the concern
     involves the Audit Committee, the Whistle-blowers may take the complaint direct to the chairman of the board
     of directors of the Company.

     The above policies on anti-corruption and whistleblowing of the Company applies to all employees (including
     temporary or contract staff), officers and directors of the Group as well as external third parties who deal with
     the Group (including but not limited to customers, suppliers and consultants).

     MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

     The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set out
     in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules (the “Model Code”). Having made specific enquiry by the Company, all
     Directors confirmed that they had complied with the required standard set out in the Model Code during the
     year ended 31 December 2024.

     The Company has also established written guidelines to the Directors, officers and all relevant employees of
     the Company and its subsidiaries on securities transactions by those who may possess or have access to inside
     Information of the Company.




32     SSY Group Limited
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

(1)   Procedures for shareholders to convene an EGM

      In accordance with the Company’s Article 58, the shareholders of the Company holding at the date of
      deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company carrying the right
      of voting at general meetings of the Company shall at all times have the right, by written requisition to
      the Board or the Company Secretary, to require an extraordinary general meeting (“EGM”) to be called by
      the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition; and such meeting shall be held
      within 2 months after the deposit of such requisition.

      The written requisition must state the purposes of the meeting, signed by the requisitionists and deposit
      it to the Board or the Company Secretary at the Company’s principal place of business in Hong Kong at
      Rooms 4902-03, 49th Floor, Central Plaza, 18 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong.

      The notice period to be given to all the registered members for consideration of the proposal raised by the
      requisitionists concerned at EGM varies according to the nature of the proposal, as follows:

      —     At least 14 clear days’ notice in writing if the proposal constitutes an ordinary resolution of the
            Company;

      —     At least 21 clear days’ notice in writing if calling for an AGM or the proposal constitutes a special
            resolution of the Company at EGM.

      If within 21 days of such deposit the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting the requisitionists
      themselves may do so in the same manner, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionists as a
      result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the requisitionists by the Company.

(2)   Procedures for putting forward proposals at shareholders’ meeting

      Shareholders are welcomed to make enquires and suggestions to the Board in the general meeting.
      Shareholders who wish to put forward a proposal, including nomination of directors, should convene an
      EGM by submitting a written requisition to move a resolution at EGM. The requirements and procedures
      are set out in “(1) Procedures for shareholders to convene an EGM” above.

(3)   Procedures for sending shareholders’ enquiries to the Board

      Shareholders may send their enquiries and concerns to the Board in writing through the Company
      Secretary whose contact details are as follows:

      Mailing address:        Rooms 4902-03, 49th Floor Central Plaza, 18 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong
      E-mail:                 henrychow@ssygroup.com.hk
      Fax:                    (852) 2787 3338

      Shareholders may also direct their questions about their shareholdings to Computershare Hong Kong
      Investor Services Limited, the Company’s Hong Kong branch share registrar.




                                                                                       Annual Report 2024           33
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     DIVIDEND POLICY

     The Company has adopted a dividend policy in which the Board considers paying dividends twice a year, which
     are interim dividend and final dividend. From time to time, the Board may declare interim dividend. Under
     normal business conditions, and subject to the approval by the shareholders in a general meeting, the Board
     may recommend final dividend to maintain a stable dividend payout ratio (defined as the aggregated amount of
     interim dividend and final dividend in each financial year divided by the Group’s audited net profits attributable
     to the shareholders in that year) but there is no assurance that dividends will be paid in any particular amount
     for any given period. The Board may also declare special dividends in addition to such dividends, or consider the
     issuance of bonus shares on a basis permitted by the applicable laws and regulations as it considers appropriate.

     COMMUNICATIONS WITH INVESTORS

     The Company believes that effective communication is essential for enhancing investor relations and investors’
     understanding of the Group. The Company also recognises the importance of transparency and timely disclosure
     of its corporate information, which enables shareholders and potential investors to make informed decisions.

     The Company has established a mechanism of using a number of channels for communications with its
     shareholders, investors and other stakeholders to ensure independent views and input are available to the
     Board. These include the AGM and the general meetings, annual and interim reports and quarterly statements,
     announcements, circulars to shareholders, press releases, investors meetings and the Company’s website
     www.ssygroup.com.hk. The Board reviews the implementation and effectiveness of such mechanism from time to
     time with at least once a year.

     CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS

     During the year ended 31 December 2024, there was no change in the Company’s constitutional documents.




34     SSY Group Limited
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




INTRODUCTION

As a pharmaceutical enterprise, SSY Group Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the
“Group”) understand the importance of environmental sustainability and green manufacturing and is committed
to generating a positive impact on the society and the environment. The investors and stakeholders are placing
more emphasis on the performance of the environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) aspect. In addition
to achieving our business objectives, we recognize our responsibility to operate in a more responsible and
sustainable manner by integrating ESG considerations into our day-to-day operations.

In accordance with the “Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide” as set out in Appendix C2
of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock
Exchange”) (the “Listing Rules”), the Group has established the principles and benchmarks for the preparation
of this report, and has incorporated its own experience in order to build up a complete and efficient ESG
governance framework. This ESG Report (the “Report”) summarizes in detail the Group’s strategies and practices
in both environmental and social areas, and provides an opportunity for shareholders, investors and the general
public to gain an in-depth understanding of the Group’s governance structure and corporate culture. This Report
not only demonstrates the Group’s efforts and achievements in ESG, but also further highlights its commitment
and actions towards sustainable development.

REPORTING SCOPE

The purpose of this Report is to provide a comprehensive overview of the Group’s sustainability performance
by summarizing the policies, management practices and performance of the Group’s core businesses, namely
research, development, manufacturing and sales of a wide range of pharmaceutical products to hospitals and
distributors, in relation to corporate social responsibility. The Group’s manufacturing plants are located in
Hebei Province and Jiangsu Province of the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) and the sales are mainly to
customers in the PRC. In accordance with the “materiality” principle, this Report covers the relevant data of
three major subsidiaries, namely Shijiazhuang No. 4 Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Shijiazhuang No. 4 Pharma”),
Jiangsu Best New Medical Material Co., Ltd. (“Jiangsu Best”) and Hebei Guangxiang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
(“Hebei Guangxiang”), and discloses the Group’s policy on ESG in the PRC.

REPORTING PERIOD

The Report illustrates and highlights the environmental and social performance of the Group in China for the
reporting period from 1 January 2024 to 31 December 2024 (the “Reporting Period”).

REPORTING FRAMEWORK

The Report is prepared in accordance with the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide (the “ESG
Guide”) contained in Appendix C2 to the Listing Rules.




                                                                                      Annual Report 2024          35
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




     REPORTING PRINCIPLES

     This Report has been compiled based on the reporting principles of “Materiality”, “Quantitative”, “Balance” and
     “Consistency”.

     •      Materiality: This Report identifies and reports on important matters relating to ESG issues that have a
            material impact on investors and other stakeholders.

     •      Quantitative: This Report discloses key quantitative performance indicators to assess and validate the
            effectiveness of ESG policies and management systems, and describes the meaning, purpose and impact of
            the indicators.

     •      Balance: This Report reflects objective facts and discloses both positive and negative information.

     •      Consistency: In order to ensure the continuity and comparability of reported data, this report adopts a
            consistent disclosure of statistical methods and calculation standards. If there are any changes in the
            methodology, the Group will explain them accordingly.

     STATEMENT OF THE BOARD

     The Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”) assumes full responsibility for and ensures the effectiveness
     of the ESG strategy and reporting of the Company, and the Group operates its core and material businesses in a
     sustainable manner.

     The Board takes overall responsibilities for the ESG performance and reporting. The Board assesses the materiality
     of effects of the respective ESG issues on the businesses and stakeholders of the Company through regular
     review of the Company’s operation by the business and function departments of the Company, and reports to
     the management and the Board from time to time.

     In order to improve the awareness and capability of the members of the Board in relation to ESG management,
     the Company arranged related knowledge training for the Board, with an aim to learn the latest regulatory
     requirements and initiatives and work together to explore the direction to enhance their skills. Meanwhile, the
     members of the Board participated in the materiality assessment of the ESG issues and prioritised such issues
     from the perspective of risks imposed on the businesses of the Company. By combining such assessment results
     and the opinions of the stakeholders, the Company identified the most significant ESG issues.

     The Board is committed to improving the setting and tracking mechanism of ESG objectives, so as to promote
     the continuous enhancement of the Company’s ESG standards. The Company’s finance, compliance and investor
     relation department is responsible for researching and formulating ESG objectives related to the operations
     of the Company after consolidating the feedback of the Group’s business and functional departments, and
     subsequently for reviewing and monitoring the progress of the ESG objectives and preparing the Report for the
     Board’s review.

     This Report was reviewed and approved by the Board of the Company on 28 March 2025.

     FEEDBACK MECHANISM

     Stakeholders’ opinions and suggestions play a key role in the formulation and enhancement of the Group’s
     future sustainability strategy. In this regard, the Group welcomes stakeholders to contact the team responsible
     for the preparation of this Report via e-mail (ronaldchak@ssygroup.com.hk) to provide valuable opinions and
     suggestions to jointly promote the Group’s sustainable development objectives.




36       SSY Group Limited
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




STAKEHOLDERS’ ENGAGEMENT AND MATERIALITY

Stakeholders’ Engagement

Based on the practical experiences of the Group and results of communications with internal and external
organizations, we consolidated seven different groups of stakeholders that are relevant to the Group’s business.
These are the management, general staff, community and the public, shareholders and investors, suppliers
and business partners, customers, and the government and regulators, respectively. To foster collaborative
relationship with its stakeholders, the Group proactively promoted communication with the stakeholders through
various channels to exchange thoughts and ideas during the Reporting Period. The engagement from the
stakeholders enables the Group to ensure the alignment between the strategies for business and sustainable
development and the stakeholders’ views and expectations. The following specific stakeholder engagement
activities undertaken by the Group were conducted during the Reporting Period:

                              STAKEHOLDER GROUP ENGAGED                ENGAGEMENT METHODS

Internal Stakeholders         Management                               — Regular meetings

                              General Staff                            — Regular meetings
                                                                       — Training and workshops
                                                                       — Annual appraisal meetings
                                                                       — Company magazine and intranet

External Stakeholders         Community and the Public                 — Joint community activities
                                                                       — Cooperation with Public Interest
                                                                         Organizations

                              Shareholders and Investors               — General meetings
                                                                       — Investor information sessions
                                                                       — Site visits
                                                                       — Regular information disclosure of
                                                                          the listed company
                                                                       — Investor visits and meetings
                                                                       — Telephone and email enquiries

                              Suppliers and Business Partners          — Tender meetings
                                                                       — Supplier management
                                                                         procedure
                                                                       — Supplier appraisal and assessment

                              Customers                                — Customer opinion surveys
                                                                       — Customer communication meetings
                                                                       — Day-to-day communication with
                                                                         frontline staff
                                                                       — Customer feedback mechanism

                              The Government and Regulators            — On-site inspection and work reports
                                                                          preparation, submission and
                                                                         approval
                                                                       — Conversations with regulatory
                                                                         authorities
                                                                       — Regular communication with local
                                                                         environmental departments
                                                                       — Consultation and information
                                                                         disclosure
                                                                       — Industry exchange and collaboration


                                                                                       Annual Report 2024          37
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




     STAKEHOLDERS’ ENGAGEMENT AND MATERIALITY (Continued)

     Materiality Analysis

     In order to identify the ESG issues that are most relevant to our business and stakeholders, the Group conducts
     regular ESG materiality assessments and analyses to ensure that the objectives and direction of its business are in
     line with the expectations and requirements of its stakeholders. During the Reporting Period, the Group assessed
     the materiality of each ESG dimension through the following steps:

      Step 1 Identification                   A total of 18 ESG issues relevant to the Group’s business were identified based on
                                              the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide as well as disclosures
                                              from peers.
      Step 2 Prioritization                   Stakeholders’ views on the importance of each ESG issue were collected through
                                              an online questionnaire survey to prioritize the issues and derive a prioritized
                                              list. Internal stakeholders cover general staff and management, while external
                                              stakeholders cover customers, suppliers and business partners, as well as
                                              shareholders and investors.
      Step 3 Verification                     The results of the above steps are presented to the Board for discussion and
                                              confirmation to ensure that the Group’s business strategy is aligned with the
                                              relevant material issues. During the Reporting Period, a total of 9 highly significant
                                              ESG issues were identified as shown in top-right section of matrix below.




                                                                   Materiality Matrix
                  High
                                                                                                                                         Occupational health and safety

                5.9200                                                                                      Employee rights and benefits
                                                                                                                                                                Anti-corruption


                                                                                                                                         Compliance operation




                   Materiality to the Group
                5.8200                                                       Training and development                                                           Product safety and quality

                                                                                                                                                   Supply chain management

                                                                                        Diversity and inclusion                                         Product innovation and
                5.7200                                                                                                     Intellectual property
                                                                                                                           rights protection            research and development

                                                          Accessibility of Pharmaceutical Products                Emissions management

                                                                      Water resources usage
                                               Biodiversity
                5.6200                                                                                            Industry development and cooperation
                                                                                Addressing climate change


                5.5200                                                            Energy use


                                                    Community and public interest

                5.4200


                5.3200
                   Low                                                Materiality to the Stakeholders                                                                                  High


                       Environment                    Employment and labor practices                                    Operating and production                                  Community




38     SSY Group Limited
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




MANAGEMENT OF ESG OBJECTIVES AND PERFORMANCE

The Board is committed to promoting the implementation of the sustainability strategy and has set the following
annual directional and quantitative ESG-related targets. The Group has made clear planning on the division of
tasks and the timeframe for the completion of the targets by each functional department, and regularly evaluates
the achievement of the targets to ensure that the targets are realized on schedule. In order to more accurately
reflect the status of achievement of the targets, data on pollutant emissions and energy usage are summarized
by major products (finished medicines, bulk pharmaceuticals and medical materials). The Board is responsible for
reviewing the progress and performance of the Group’s environmentally oriented targets and has monitored the
implementation of the targets during the year to ensure that the sustainability efforts are steadily progressed.

                INDICATORS AND                    IMPLEMENTATION DURING THE                PROGRESS OF
TARGETS           ACTION PLANS                      CURRENT YEAR                           COMPLETION

Reduction       The average emission              Please refer to Types of emissions and Ongoing
  of Major        intensity over the decade         amount of emissions for emission
  Pollutant       between 2023 and 2032 is          figure
  Emissions       targeted to be lower than
                  that in 2022

                To constantly adopt new           Building a new sewage treatment       Ongoing
                  equipment and technology          station which applied advanced
                  to optimize the production        treatment process of low-temperature
                  process                           wet oxidation



Reduction       The average consumption           Please refer to Types of resource and    Ongoing
  of Major        intensity over the decade         energy use and consumption for
  Energy Use      between 2023 and 2032 is          consumption figure
                  targeted to be lower than
                  that in 2022

                To establish an energy            Completed the construction of the    Completed
                  management system                management system to achieve
                                                   constant optimization and
                                                   improvement in energy efficiency to
                                                   ensure the accomplishment of the
                                                   energy conservation targets

                To optimise the of equipment      Tapping energy saving potential and  Ongoing
                  combination                       improving production flows through
                                                    management




                                                                                       Annual Report 2024          39
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




     ENVIRONMENTAL PERFORMANCE

     The Group has established clear policies to ensure that its companies in the PRC (the “Companies”) comply with
     the environmental requirements under the GMP standard in their production processes and fully comply with the
     relevant PRC environmental protection laws and regulations. In the Group’s actual operations, the Companies
     implement low energy consumption and low pollution production measures and encourage their staff to
     emphasize environmental protection in their daily work.

     The Companies adhere to the concept of “Green” Pharmaceuticals and regards environmental protection and
     resource conservation as its historical responsibility, which is carried out in every aspect of technical improvement
     and product design. In balancing the relationship between production and environmental protection, the
     Companies have always been guided by the harmonious development of society and refused to pursue short-
     term benefits in a way that is detrimental to the environment and resources. In recent years, the Companies
     have actively implemented the energy saving and emission reduction program, making energy saving and
     environmental protection the core objectives. With the help of technological innovation, the application of new
     materials and processes, and the popularization of energy-saving equipment, the Companies have continuously
     improved the efficiency of energy use and relied on scientific and technological innovation to achieve sustainable
     development, fully reflecting the sense of social responsibility and ethical awareness of the pharmaceutical
     industry.

     EMISSIONS MANAGEMENT

     The Companies strictly comply with GMP standard and relevant laws and regulations in the PRC, and actively
     enhance their capabilities in pollution prevention and ecological protection. They are equipped with various
     pollution prevention and control facilities to ensure compliance with the enforcement standards of the total
     sewage outlet and air exhaust vents as well as the emission requirements by the emission license. During the year
     2024, the Group did not violate any relevant emission laws and regulations. During the year 2024, the Group did
     not violate any emission laws and regulations.

     In respect of sewage treatment, the Companies have built and operated three highly efficient sewage treatment
     stations, adopting advanced treatment techniques combining biochemistry and physicochemistry, which not only
     improved the efficiency of sewage treatment, but also ensured that the quality of the discharged water complied
     with the standards set by the local government. In addition, the Companies regularly inspect and maintain these
     facilities to ensure their continuous and stable operation.

     In terms of exhaust gas management, the Companies have installed four sets of advanced treatment facilities to
     provide professional treatment for different pollutants. They include:

     •      “bag filter + 25m high exhaust gas pipe”, which can effectively filter the dust in the workshop;

     •      “alkali wash + multimedia catalytic oxidation absorption tower + 25m high exhaust pipe”, which is used
            to absorb odors generated in the workshop;

     •      “bio-filter + 15m high exhaust pipe”, which is used to remove odors emitted from various pools and
            wells.

     As regards solid waste, we have implemented a stringent waste categorization and management system to
     classify industrial waste into two major categories, namely general industrial waste and hazardous waste. For
     hazardous waste, we monitor the entire process from generation, storage, transfer to final disposal to ensure
     that it is handled safely and appropriately to avoid secondary pollution of the environment.




40       SSY Group Limited
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




EMISSIONS MANAGEMENT (Continued)
The Companies continue to invest in the upgrading and expansion of environmental protection facilities, and
optimizes production processes by introducing non-polluting or low-polluting new technologies, techniques
and products to reduce energy consumption and waste generation. For example, at our bulk pharmaceutical
production base in Cangzhou, we utilize advanced synthesis, reduction, separation and extraction technologies
to convert waste materials from other projects into useful raw materials, thereby realizing the reduction, reuse
and maximization of the benefits of resources and constructing a circular economy industrial chain. At the
same time, the sewage treatment station at the base adopts the low-temperature wet oxidation deep treatment
technology to further enhance the sewage treatment capacity and ensure that the discharge standards are met.
The Companies have also upgraded the original exhaust gas treatment facilities by adding two sets of catalytic
combustion system to treat the process exhaust gas in the workshop, and equipped with activated carbon
adsorption and regeneration device to collect the methylene chloride exhaust gas involved in the workshop, and
after adsorption and desorption, to realize the recycling of hazardous substances in the exhaust gas.
Types of emissions and amount of emissions
                                                                               2024              2024         2023             2023
                                                                                                 Bulk                           Bulk
                                                                                       pharmaceuticals                pharmaceuticals
                                                                            Finished      and medical      Finished      and medical
                                                                           medicines        materials     medicines         materials

Air emissions (Note 1)
  Nitrogen oxides (NOx) (kg)                                                     274                40         245                26
  Sulfur oxides (SOx) (kg)                                                      0.93              0.49           1              0.40
  Suspended particles (PM) (kg)                                                   27                 3          24                 2
Greenhouse gases emissions (Note 2)
  Direct emissions (Scope 1) (ton) (Note 3)                                   40,091            14,566      29,383            20,207
  Indirect emissions (Scope 2) (ton) (Note 4)                                193,598            80,877     252,483           118,790
  Greenhouse gases (Scope 1 and 2) emissions (ton)                           233,689            95,443     281,866           138,997
  Greenhouse gases (Scope 1 and 2) emissions intensity (ton/100 million)       4,868             9,812       5,208            13,232
  Other indirect greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 3) (ton) (Note 5)             3,376             1,828         N/A               N/A
    Category 6: Business travel                                                  520               242         N/A               N/A
    Category 7: Employees commute                                              2,856             1,586         N/A               N/A

Wastewater emissions (ton)                                                   690,000          550,483     1,006,662          530,615
Wastewater emissions intensity (ton/100 million)                              14,373           56,591        18,601           50,572
Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD5) (ton)                                            51               18            34                3
Hazardous waste (ton)                                                            113               30            93               17
Hazardous waste intensity (ton/100 million)                                        2                3             2                2
Non-hazardous waste (ton)                                                      2,232               24         2,203               35
Non-hazardous waste intensity (ton/100 million)                                   46                3            41                3
Note 1: The calculation of emissions refers to the methods and emission factors in the Reporting Guidance on Environmental
        KPIs published by the Stock Exchange. Due to updates in the calculation methods, the data for 2023 has been restated.
Note 2: Greenhouse gases emissions data are presented in terms of tCO 2 equivalent. Scope 1 covers the emissions from
        stationary combustion sources and mobile combustion sources as well as refrigerant emissions, Scope 2 covers the
        emissions from purchased electricity and steam.
Note 3: The energy conversion emission factors refer to the greenhouse gas emission accounting methods and reporting
        guidelines (trial version) for other industrial sectors. Due to updates in the calculation methods, the data for 2023 has
        been restated.
Note 4: The indirect greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 2) for the year 2024 are calculated based on the power carbon dioxide
        emission factors of Announcement on Issuing the CO2 Emission Factor for Electricity in 2022 published by the Ministry
        of Ecology and Environment in 2024 (Hebei provincial grid 0.7252 kilograms of carbon dioxide per kilowatt-hour;
        Jiangsu provincial grid 0.5978 kilograms of carbon dioxide per kilowatt-hour). The data for 2023 has been restated to
        reflect the actual situation.
Note 5: Other indirect greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 3) are new data added in 2024, estimated with reference to the GHG
        Protocol’s Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard of the Greenhouse Gas Protocol. The
        emissions generated from business travel and employee commuting are calculated by collecting employee sample
        data through surveys and applying emission factors from the UK Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs
        (DEFRA) and the US Environmentally-Extended Input-Output Models (USEEIO).


                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024             41
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




     RESOURCE MANAGEMENT

     Use of Energy

     The Companies adhere to the energy management approach of “conserving energy to increase efficiency,
     reducing consumption to increase production, reducing emission to improve environment and implementing
     green practices to develop pharmaceutical”, and is committed to pursuing the economic growth model of “high
     growth, low consumption”. In order to achieve this, the Companies have initiated a number of energy saving and
     consumption reduction projects in resource regeneration and circular economy, and completed the construction
     of the “energy management system”. Through the “four mechanisms” of “planning, implementation, inspection
     and improvement” of energy conservation management, the Companies further improve the energy conservation
     and emission reduction management system, realize continuous improvement of energy conservation work,
     optimization of energy conservation management, and continuous enhancement of energy efficiency level, and
     ensure that the targets of energy conservation and emission reduction are fully achieved. The Companies have
     set up a comprehensive energy management system to strictly monitor and manage resources and energy usage
     data to further strengthen the overall management efficiency and environmental responsibility.

     In terms of energy efficiency, the Companies have set clear targets and adopted a number of specific measures
     to achieve the energy saving targets. The Companies mainly utilize heat and power as their main energy sources,
     and explore energy saving potentials from various angles to reduce production costs and energy consumption.
     To this end, the Companies have built an advanced energy management center to achieve real-time monitoring
     of power and energy supply, consumption and equipment operation, covering systems such as general water,
     steam, electricity, compressed air, cooling, circulating water, heat supply and waste heat recovery. The system
     is equipped with real-time monitoring of pressure, flow, temperature and other measurement signals, as well
     as historical data query functions, which further enhance the transparency of energy use and management
     efficiency.

     In addition, the Companies employ a wide range of energy-saving equipment and technologies to further
     enhance energy efficiency. Specific machines and equipment include:

     •      High-efficiency energy-saving equipments: The Companies extensively adopt energy-saving products, such
            as high-efficiency energy-saving motors, inverter and servo motor control technologies, and high-voltage
            motors for large energy-consuming equipments to minimize energy consumption.

     •      Intelligent lighting system: The Companies fully implement energy-saving LED green lighting equipment,
            replacing traditional fluorescent lamps, energy-saving lamps and incandescent lamps to further save
            electricity.

     •      Air compressor modification: Screw air compressors are modified into centrifugal air compressors to
            significantly reduce the gas-to-electricity ratio, and the dryers are modified into desiccant dryers to reduce
            air loss and increase the output of compressed air to further save electricity.

     •      Bottle blowing equipment production line improvement: The Companies carry out reasonable deployment
            of the production line to improve the production and transportation capacity, increase the daily output per
            unit space and reduce the public electricity consumption of products.

     •      Optimization of large-scale equipment: Large-scale hot-pressure water injection machines optimize energy
            utilization through multiple internal heat exchanges and variable frequency control, resulting in a steam
            saving rate of about 60%.

     •      Renewable energy use: The cafeteria is equipped with a solar water heating station, which uses low-
            carbon and clean new energy for cooking, cleaning and hand-washing by dining staff.




42       SSY Group Limited
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




RESOURCE MANAGEMENT (Continued)

Use of Water Resources

In terms of the efficiency of using water, the Companies strive to reduce the use of water resources and increase
the reuse rate of recycled water. The Companies strictly comply with the Water Law of the People’s Republic of
China, the Measures for the Administration of Industrial Water Conservation and the Opinions on Strengthening
Industrial Water Conservation issued by the State Economic and Trade Commission as well as other relevant
laws and regulations, and continuously improve the management of water resources, and actively practice and
promote water-saving technologies and equipment to increase the reuse rate of water resources. At the same
time, the Companies organize water conservation publicity and education training for its employees to enhance
their awareness of water conservation. The Group’s water is obtained from municipal water supply networks and
metered, and is mainly used for production and domestic purposes, without any problems in obtaining water
sources.

In order to achieve the water efficiency target, the Companies adopt a variety of water-saving appliances and
equipment, including:

•     Condensation recycling: condensation is recycled from steam after use and reused as a heat source for
      preheating raw water for water injection production. Condensate is replenished to the recirculation basin,
      significantly reducing the amount of fresh water replenishment.

•     Water-saving technological transformation: adding a set of concentrated water recovery device in the
      water production system, and changing the bottle washing of plastic bottles for large infusion solution
      from water washing to clean air rinsing, which greatly reduces the consumption of water resources.

•     Optimization of equipment combination: adopting centralized, large-volume allocation for multiple
      production lines, changing the traditional method of individual, small-volume allocation for each
      production line to reduce water consumption.

•     Establishment of recycling system: establish four sets of recycling system for sterilization, cold water,
      cooling water and air compressor cooling water to reduce one-off water consumption.

•     Waste water reuse: the fine cleaning water is reused for rough cleaning in the glass bottle production line;
      reverse-osmosis first-stage concentrated water in the water-making station is recycled for secondary use,
      and second-stage concentrated water is recycled for cleaning and sanitation, so as to make effective use
      of the limited water resources.




                                                                                        Annual Report 2024           43
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




     RESOURCE MANAGEMENT (Continued)

     Use of Water Resources (Continued)

     Types of resources and energy used and their consumption

                                                                               2024           2024           2023             2023
                                                                                               Bulk                            Bulk
                                                                                     pharmaceuticals                 pharmaceuticals
                                                                            Finished    and medical       Finished      and medical
                                                                           medicines      materials      medicines         materials

     Water consumption (ton)                                                998,337          647,227     1,309,430          601,487
     Water consumption intensity (ton/100 million)                           20,796           66,536        24,193           57,257
     Indirect energy consumption
       Electricity consumption (thousand kWh) (Note 1)                       185,545          86,707       182,969           99,199
       Steam consumption (million kJ)                                        536,736         191,825       679,519          245,725
     Total indirect energy consumption (million kJ)                        1,204,698         503,970     1,338,207          602,843
     Indirect energy consumption intensity (million kJ/100 million)           25,095          51,809        27,876           57,366
     Direct Energy Consumption
       Gasoline (million kJ) (Note 2)                                         1,170            1,058        1,664               860
       Diesel (million kJ) (Note 2)                                             927              221        1,046                49
       Liquefied petroleum gas (million kJ) (Note 2)                              0              117          N/A               N/A
       Natural gas consumption (million kJ)                                 667,457           70,286      516,009           164,169
     Total direct energy consumption (million kJ)                           669,554           71,682      518,719           165,078
     Direct energy consumption intensity (million kJ/100 million)            13,948            7,369        9,584            15,714
     Total amount of packaging materials used on finished products (ton)    106,402            1,034      104,476               619

     Note 1: The electricity consumption for 2023 has been restated to reflect the actual consumption.

     Note 2: The data for gasoline, diesel, and liquefied petroleum gas are newly disclosed in 2024.

     Land Resources Utilization

     Regarding the use of land resources, the Companies highly focus on the intensive use of land. On top of its
     scientific planning, reasonable layouts and sophisticated designs are orderly implemented, enabling its factories
     to create greater economic and social benefits despite having limited land resources. In the past few years,
     the Companies are committed to increase land utilisation and adopted an “up and down” combined approach
     through the full utilisation of aboveground and underground space resources. For example, the Companies have
     successively established a three-dimensional logistics centre which meets advanced international standards, which
     has once been the largest of and earliest of its kind in Northern China with the highest standard of automation.
     Such warehouse is larger than that of a flat warehouse in capacity by seven times. Currently, the Companies
     have five three-dimensional logistics centres, The Companies’ land saving practice has been highly praised by the
     Ministry of Land and Resources of the People’s Republic of China.

     Apart from this, the Companies’ bulk pharmaceutical production base in Cangzhou has built a garden-style
     “Green Park” that contains multiple dedicated production lines, research and development experiment building,
     environmental protection centre and ancillary power facilities on the premise of intensive land use, environmental
     protection, energy saving, safe production and greener environment, so as to set a model for others in the
     industry.




44     SSY Group Limited
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




CLIMATE CHANGE

Climate change has become a focus of global concern and is highly emphasized by various governments. In
order to identify the impact of climate change on the Group and formulate a comprehensive risk response and
business opportunity strategy, the Group makes reference to guidance of the Task Force on Climate-Related
Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and the Stock Exchange’s Guidance on Climate Disclosures, to identify the risks
and opportunities that may be brought about by climate change, and at the same time, analyze the potential
financial impacts thereof, as well as to formulate corresponding countermeasures and action plans to minimize
or eliminate the relevant risks. Climate-related risks are mainly categorized into physical risks and transformation
risks. Among which, physical risks include direct losses caused by extreme weather events and indirect impacts
arising from long-term changes in climate conditions. Transformation risk covers factors such as changes in
policies and regulations, demand for technological transformation and shifts in market preferences.

Financial Impact Analysis of Climate-Related Risks

 Risks            Risk Level        Results and Potential Financial               Measures and Plans
                                    Impacts

 Policy and       High              Stricter greenhouse gas emission              To establish a comprehensive
 Regulations                        management policies; increased                emergency management
                                    compliance risk for the Group; increased      program for extreme weather
                                    energy adjustment and carbon emission
                                    costs, lead to increased production costs     To coordinate matters relating
                                                                                  to the occurrence of extreme
 Technology       Medium            Increased investment costs arising            weather events by the
                                    from the transformation to low-               management
                                    carbon technology, the low-carbon
                                    adaptation of production processes and        To explore the Group’s carbon
                                    the introduction of energy-saving and         reduction potential, and
                                    consumption-reducing equipment in             formulate greenhouse gas
                                    accordance with policy requirements           reduction targets and plans to
                                                                                  carry out orderly and efficient
 Physical         Low               Extreme weather conditions, such              greenhouse gas reduction
 (Acute)                            as typhoons, extreme precipitation            work
                                    and extreme cold waves, may lead
                                    to production stoppages and supply
                                    chain disruptions, affecting production
                                    capacity, and may cause damage to
                                    production equipment and storage
                                    facilities, disruptions to transportation,
                                    and other property losses, as well
                                    as threaten the health and safety of
                                    employees




                                                                                          Annual Report 2024           45
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




     CLIMATE CHANGE (Continued)

     Financial Impact Analysis of Climate-Related Risks (Continued)

      Risks           Risk Level      Results and Potential Financial                Measures and Plans
                                      Impacts

      Physical        Low             Long-term changes in natural patterns,
      (Chronic)                       such as sea level rise, changes in rainfall,
                                      an increase in average temperature,
                                      which may have an impact on normal
                                      operations, and leads to an increase in
                                      energy consumption for temperature
                                      control in production, warehousing
                                      facilities, etc., resulting in increased
                                      operating costs

      Reputation      Low             Failure to meet stakeholder expectations
                                      in greening operations and reputational
                                      damage from inadequate disclosure of
                                      climate change mitigation information,
                                      affecting product demand and capital
                                      market attractiveness

     Financial Impact Analysis of Climate-Related Opportunities

      Opportunities   Opportunity     Results and Potential Financial                Measures and Plans
                      Level           Impacts

      Resource        High            Promote energy saving and emission             To promote the research,
      Efficiency                      reduction by improving resource                development and innovation
                                      efficiency, and reducing energy and water      of energy-saving and
                                      consumption, which is conducive to             consumption-reducing
                                      lowering production and operating costs        technologies, with a focus
                                                                                     on the latest development
      Energy Source   High            Adopt clean energy and low-carbon              and application of energy-
                                      energy to replace traditional high-carbon      saving technologies and the
                                      energy and participate in the carbon           introduction of advanced
                                      trading market to reduce operating             energy-saving equipment
                                      costs, minimize carbon emission risks
                                      and enhance the Group’s reputation             To incorporate energy
                                                                                     management into supplier
      Products        Medium          Climate change may lead to the                 assessment requirements
                                      emergence of more disease types that
                                      have not been addressed before, and
                                      research and development may lead
                                      to operating revenue growth for the
                                      Companies

      Markets         Low             Climate change may lead to the
                                      emergence of more disease types that
                                      have not been addressed before, leading
                                      to increased market interest in the
                                      pharmaceutical industry



46    SSY Group Limited
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
Employment relationship
The Group appreciates its employees as valuable asset. The Group provides competitive remuneration package
to employees and periodically reviewed such packages with reference to industry practice. Discretionary bonuses
and share options might be granted to employees based on the assessment of individual performance of the
employees. The Group’s companies in the PRC annually reviewed remuneration package of employees based
on the development of the society, increase in consumer prices and corporate results to maintain the employee
remuneration at reasonable level. In addition, pensions, work-related injury insurances, medical insurances,
maternity insurances, unemployment insurances and housing provident funds are paid for employees as required
by the laws to ensure various legitimate interests of its employees. At the same time, the Companies advocate
for fair competition and are against discrimination to ensure equal starting salary for different genders and equal
pay for equal work.
In terms of employment management, the Group strictly complies with relevant laws and regulations such as the
Labour Law, the Labour Contract Law, the Law on the Protection of Women’s Rights and Interests and Special
Provisions on Labour Protection for Female Workers in the PRC to ensure the legitimate rights and interests
of employees. The Group has not only established a comprehensive labour relations management system, but
also put in place a stringent recruitment system and procedures to prevent the occurrence of irregularities such
as child labour and forced labour. If any problem is found, it will be immediately investigated and appropriate
measures will be taken to prevent its recurrence in the future. During the year 2024, the Group has not violated
any laws and regulations relating to the employment of employees, labour standards or health and safety.
In respect of remuneration and benefits, the Group regularly reviews the remuneration structure with reference
to industry practices and may grant incentives and/or share options to employees based on their individual
performance evaluation, in order to motivate employees and encourage their loyalty. The Group adjusts the level
of overall remuneration annually in accordance with the development of society, rising prices and corporate
efficiency, and strives to keep the remuneration of its employees at a reasonable level. In addition, the Group
pays pension insurance, work injury insurance, medical insurance, maternity insurance, unemployment insurance
and housing fund for its employees in accordance with the law. The Group also advocates fair competition,
opposes any form of discrimination, and realizes equal pay for equal work for both male and female employees
to protect the equal rights and interests of all employees.
Total workforce
As at 31 December 2024, the Group had 6,146 employees. Details of employees from three subsidiaries under
reporting scope are set out below.
                                                                                31 December          31 December
                                                                                       2024                 2023

Total                                                                                    5,857               5,640

By gender             Male                                                               3,272               3,201
                      Female                                                             2,585               2,439

By age                18-30                                                              2,775               2,435
                      31-50                                                              2,729               2,845
                      Over 50                                                              353                 360

By education level    Doctorate                                                             20                  17
                      Post graduate                                                        184                 151
                      Bachelor                                                           1,246               1,090
                      Tertiary                                                           2,044               1,929
                      Technical secondary school and below high school                   2,363               2,453

By region             Mainland China                                                     5,857               5,640

By employment type Full-time                                                             5,857               5,608
                   Part-time                                                                 0                  32

                                                                                         Annual Report 2024           47
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




     SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (Continued)

     Employment relationship (Continued)

     Employee turnover rate

                                                                      2024                          2023
                                                             Number of                      Number of
                                                             employees               %      employees               %

     Total                                                          858          14.6%             931          16.5%

     By gender                    Male                              473          14.5%             510          15.9%
                                  Female                            385          14.9%             421          17.3%

     By age                       18-30                             574          20.7%             826          33.9%
                                  31-50                             255           9.3%              92           3.2%
                                  Over 50                            29           8.2%              13           3.6%

     The Group actively organized employee care activities to enhance the well-being of employees through various
     means. During the Reporting Period, Shijiazhuang No.4 Pharma organized a “Warmth Delivery” sympathy activity
     during the Chinese New Year to visit the employees in need and retired staffs and bring them heartfelt Chinese
     New Year blessings and care. In addition, Shijiazhuang No.4 Pharma also launched the “Sending Coolness in
     Summer（夏 送 清 涼）” encouragement program, providing cooling items and expressing support to outdoor
     workers in warehouse, logistics and security roles. These activities not only demonstrated that the Companies
     profound commitment the health and well-being of its employees, but also further enhanced employees’
     workplace satisfaction and sense of belonging.

     Occupational Health and Safety

     The Companies strictly comply with GMP standard and relevant regulations of the Order of the Ministry of
     Human Resources and Social Security, Social Insurance Law, Prevention and Control of Occupational Diseases and
     the Regulation on Work-Related Injury Insurances, and has established a comprehensive occupational health and
     safety management system and implemented comprehensive safety management measures. In order to enhance
     the effectiveness of occupational health management, the Companies have set up a health and safety committee
     and formulated a number of systems for staff at all levels, including the production safety responsibility system,
     performance assessment, safety inspections, risk assessment, emergency drills, personal protection and safe
     operation, etc., to continuously improve the health and safety management system. At the same time, the
     Companies have set up full-time and part-time environmental, occupational health and safety management (EHS)
     management staff, and regularly implement the continuous improvement model of “Plan, Do, Check and Act
     (PDCA)” to strengthen the work of occupational health management.




48     SSY Group Limited
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




 SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (Continued)

 Employment relationship (Continued)

 Occupational Health and Safety (Continued)

The Companies are committed to providing a safe and reliable working environment for their employees.
The Companies not only regularly evaluate and upgrade fire-fighting facilities, safety and medical emergency
equipment in each workshop, but also provide employees with a good environment for office and production.
The Companies strictly comply with the relevant laws and regulations such as the Fire Control Law, the
Code for Fire Protection and Prevention of Buildings, the Work Safety Law and the Regulation on the Safety
Management of Hazardous Chemicals, and regularly evaluate and upgrade the fire service facilities, safety
and emergency equipment in the workshops, and carry out rigorous hardware modifications and risk control
especially for the premises where flammable and explosive chemicals are used. In order to further improve the
safety management level, the Companies clarify the main responsibility of the departments, and carries out a
comprehensive mechanical protection assessment of mechanical equipment, installations and production lines
in the plant, especially for the equipment with higher risk of personal injury, and installs the corresponding
protective devices, so as to fundamentally reduce the possibility of accidents, and at the same time, improve the
safety performance of the equipment. The Companies regularly carry out safety risk classification and control,
and potential danger investigation and management, to identify and assess risks from the source, and discover
blind spots and loopholes in risk control in time through potential danger investigation, so as to realize effective
risk management and control. The Companies have launched a series of process optimization and improvement
work focusing on key aspects such as process safety management, machinery protection, padlocking, work
safety analysis, emergency preparedness and response, fire management, visual management, 5S organization,
high-risk operation, road traffic safety and health and safety knowledge education, so as to promote the
steady improvement of the overall level of enterprise safety management. The Companies take the personal
health of its employees seriously and provide corresponding resources and support. On the production line, the
Companies have installed effective dust removal equipment, ventilation systems and soundproofing devices in
places where dust, odor or noise may be involved, and have also equipped the necessary personal protective
equipment, such as earplugs, ear muffs, goggles, dust masks and protective clothing, to minimize the potential
impact of occupational hazards on the health of employees. In addition, the Companies provide regular health
checkups and occupational health checkups for employees who are directly or indirectly in contact with the
production process. For those who are engaged in positions with occupational hazards, the Companies regularly
commission occupational disease control organizations to conduct professional health checkups, and establish a
complete occupational health file for each employee undergoing the checkups, to ensure that his/her rights and
interests in respect of occupational health are adequately safeguarded. In order to enhance the awareness of
occupational health and safety of all employees, the Companies regularly organize relevant training according to
the Occupational Health Training Program, which effectively enhances the employees’ awareness of self-health
protection. In addition, in response to the government’s call, the Companies launched the “One Day Donation
（一日捐）” employee mutual aiding activity to help employees and their family members who suffer from family
difficulties due to major illnesses or accidents, demonstrating the Companies’ high regard and humanistic care
for the well-being of their employees. In 2024, Jiangsu Best passed the certification of the Level Three Enterprise
for Standardization of Production Safety.




                                                                                          Annual Report 2024           49
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




     SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (Continued)

     Employment relationship (Continued)

     Occupational health and safety data

                                                                               2024             2023             2022

     Work-related fatalities                                                      0                0                 0
     Rate of work-related fatalities (by number of employees)                  N/A               N/A               N/A
     Lost days due to work-related injury                                     3,106            1,404             1,028

     Development and Training

     In terms of staff development, the Group pays special attention to the enhancement of employees’ capabilities
     and career development, and is committed to providing employees with a full range of opportunities for
     capability enhancement and career development. Every year, the Group invests resources in systematic staff
     training, including new employee training, professional skills training and leadership training in order to ensure
     that employees can achieve comprehensive growth in terms of professional knowledge, vocational skills and
     overall quality.

     During the Reporting Period, all employees participated in the training, with the percentage of trained employees
     reaching 100% and the average training hours per employee amounting to approximately 88 hours, fully
     demonstrating a high level of emphasis on talent cultivation.

     Percentage of employees trained

                                                                                             2024                2023

     By gender                       Male                                                   100%                99.0%
                                     Female                                                 100%                98.0%

     By category                     Management                                             100%                84.6%
                                     Executive                                              100%                93.1%
                                     Non-Executive                                          100%                99.0%

     Average number of training hours per employee

                                                                                             2024                2023

     By gender                       Male                                             87.0 hours           66.5 hours
                                     Female                                           89.6 hours           70.2 hours

     By category                     Management                                       51.0 hours           27.9 hours
                                     Executive                                        40.7 hours           58.7 hours
                                     Non-Executive                                    91.1 hours           69.4 hours




50     SSY Group Limited
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (Continued)

Supply Chain Risk Management

The Companies have implemented the “management system of tenders for material procurement” and
“evaluation and management system of suppliers’ quality” to specify the approval of suppliers for materials
procurement and the staff duties of each segment to facilitate the use of environmentally friendly materials and
suppliers. At the supply chain risk management level, by specifying the procedures such as the filing of material
suppliers’ quality, quality standard, on- site quality audit, quality assessment, inspections and trials as well as the
handing of quality problems, the identification and management of major raw materials and the environmental
or social risk caused by suppliers have been stepped up, and environmentally friendly materials and suppliers
would be adopted, which has in turn strengthened the quality management of material supply. For quality audits,
the Companies conduct regular on-site or written audits on suppliers based on material categories, including
personnel organizations, factory facilities and equipment, materials management, process flows and production
management, equipment and instruments in quality control laboratories, document management, and other
aspects, to comprehensively assess their quality assurance systems. During 2024, the Group cooperated with
approximately 1,378 suppliers, of which 99% were from the PRC and the rest were mainly from Korea and
Germany.

Intellectual Property Protection

The Group places emphasis on the management and protection of intellectual property rights and has established
a complete intellectual property rights management system and protection procedures covering patent layout,
application and maintenance to ensure effective protection of technology research and development and
production.

In terms of patent management, the Companies have established a Patent Affairs Department as the intellectual
property management department, responsible for the implementation of the overall intellectual property
strategy in other departments. In addition, the Companies have established a comprehensive intellectual property
management system document based on the requirements of the “Requirements for Corporate Intellectual
Property Rights Compliance Management System” (GB/T29490-2023) standard, combined with its operational
characteristics. This includes core systems such as the “Patent Management Rules”（專利管理規則）, “Invention
Reward Measures”（職 務 發 明 獎 勵 辦 法）, “Trademark Management Specifications”（商 標 管 理 規 範）and
“Intellectual Property Confidentiality Clauses”（知識產權保密條款）, as well as specific operational guidelines
such as the “Patent Application Procedure”（專利申請程序）, “Patent Payment Procedure”（專利繳費程序）,
and “Patent Search Procedure”（專利檢索程序）. The establishment of these systems provides clear norms and
guidelines for intellectual property management, ensuring that intellectual property work follows established
procedures.

In terms of patent maintenance, the Companies have established a patent infringement early warning and risk
monitoring mechanism that covers the entire production and operation process. It regularly assesses the risks
associated with intellectual property and ensures thorough technical and intellectual property reviews can be
conducted before project initiation and patent applications through the implementation of the “Patent Search
Report” system. As of 31 December 2024, the Group had a total of 552 valid patent applications, including 326
patent applications for inventions, 198 patent applications for utility models, 9 patent applications for designs
and 19 international invention patents. During the Reporting Period, the Group did not experience any patent
infringement incidents or disputes.

Research and Development Ethics

In the course of research and development, the Companies have always taken compliance with relevant laws
and regulations as a basic criterion, and recognize the significance of the ethical principles of animal welfare,
respecting the life contribution of laboratory animals for research purposes. The Companies strictly abide by the
relevant laws and regulations such as the Regulation on the Administration of Laboratory Animals of the PRC,
and have developed a series of animal experiment management systems and operational guidelines such as
Laboratory Animals Welfare Ethical Review Management System and Laboratory Animal Welfare Ethical Review
Operating Procedures, in order to ensure that all experiments are carried out legally and in compliance with
regulations, and minimize the unnecessary harm to the laboratory animals.



                                                                                            Annual Report 2024            51
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




     SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (Continued)

     Accessibility of Pharmaceutical Products

     The Companies are committed to enhancing the accessibility of their pharmaceutical products in a variety of
     ways to help more patients obtain the treatment solutions they need. In product development and production,
     the Companies continue to optimize the production process, reduce production costs, improve production
     efficiency and further narrow the price gap through economies of scale, so that more patients can afford high-
     quality pharmaceutical products. Currently, 16 products have been included in the National Centralised Medicines
     Procurement list, and 62 products in the provincial list, significantly reducing the out-of-pocket expenses for
     patients. In addition, 58 generic drugs have been included in the National List of Essential Drugs (2018 Edition),
     ensuring the supply of medicines in primary healthcare institutions. The Companies have made comprehensive
     reference to the production costs of enterprises and the prices of similar drugs in the market, taking into account
     the economic conditions of different regions, and making reasonable adjustments in light of the disposable
     incomes of local residents, so as to ensure that the prices are affordable.

     Products & Services

     Product Quality and Safety

     The Companies have implemented a comprehensive product quality management system. In accordance with
     GMP standard, the Companies conduct internal audits on a regular basis to identify and resolve potential
     problems in the production process in a timely manner, and formulate effective corrective and preventive
     measures to ensure stable and reliable product quality. In order to strengthen the after-sales service and quality
     tracking capability, the Companies have set up a professional quality service department, which is responsible for
     dealing with customers’ opinions and queries on product quality, covering the whole process of quality support
     from production, distribution and marketing to clinical use. The department has further established a complete
     after-sales service framework, which includes core functions such as a traceable product system, a quality
     information feedback mechanism, assistance in product recall, tracking of substandard products and monitoring
     of adverse reactions, and has formulated a detailed management system and standardized operating procedures
     to ensure that it can promptly respond to various complaints and quality enquiries from the market. During the
     Reporting Period, the Group received a total of 78 cases of complaints relating to product quality and service,
     and responded to and handled 100% of the customer complaints.

     In response to the update of product quality standards or regulations, the Companies organize staff training
     in a timely manner to ensure that the production and operation processes are in compliance with the latest
     regulations and to provide accurate information to customers. During the year 2024, the Group did not recall any
     sold or shipped products for safety and health reasons.




52     SSY Group Limited
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (Continued)

Products & Services (Continued)

Product Quality and Safety (Continued)

In addition, for drugs that have exceeded their expiry dates, the Companies will follow the “Substandard
Pharmaceutical Products Management System” for proper disposal, including quality appraisal, registration
for scrapping and destruction, to ensure that the drugs will not enter the market and pose safety risks. The
Companies actively collaborate with their customers in managing inventory levels to avoid large-scale returns
or exchanges due to overstocking or poor sales. During the year 2024, save as legal proceedings disclosed
in the Management Discussion and Analysis of this Annual Report under section headed “Relationships with
stakeholders”, the Group was not claimed for violation of any laws and regulations relating to product return
and product liability.

Customer Privacy Protection

The Companies strictly adhere to relevant laws and regulations regarding the customer information and privacy
protection. They only collect relevant information with the customer’s knowledge and consent, and uses it
only in business transactions. The Companies have established a comprehensive customer information security
management system, creating full-process management regulations for the collection, storage, use, archiving,
and destruction of customer information. This includes the archiving and use of both paper documents and
electronic data and information, and regular supervision and inspection are implemented to prevent the
leakage or misuse of personal data. In addition, by enhancing employees’ awareness of privacy protection and
operational standards through internal training, we further ensure the security of personal information.

Anti-Corruption

The Companies implement and enforces effective systems to prevent bribery and corruption wherever it operates,
including but not limited to the “Criminal Law of the PRC”, the “Anti-Corruption and Bribery Law of the PRC”
and the “Anti-Unfair Competition Law of the PRC” and the “Prevention of Bribery Ordinance” (Cap. 201 of
the Law of Hong Kong). The Companies’ anti-corruption and anti-bribery policy aims to (i) set out the Group’s
obligations and the responsibilities of those working on behalf of the Group in complying with and upholding
the Group’s position; and (ii) provide information and guidance on how to identify and deal with bribery and
corruption issues. The Companies strictly comply with anti-corruption laws and regulations and conduct all
business activities in an honest, transparent and ethical manner in order to maintain a healthy competitive
environment in the pharmaceutical distribution industry. The Group rejects any form of commercial bribery and
other unfair competition practices in both sales and procurement, and imposes strict supervision, management
and training on all staff to ensure that every employee understands and complies with the relevant anti-
corruption requirements. Board members also receive from time to time anti-corruption information prepared by
the directors’ training and the Independent Commission Against Corruption in Hong Kong to further enhance
their knowledge and practice of clean business practices.




                                                                                     Annual Report 2024          53
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




     SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (Continued)

     Anti-Corruption (Continued)

     The Group has also formulated a whistleblowing policy which aims to (i) provide reporting channels and
     guidelines for reporting possible misconduct and to assure persons reporting their concerns under this policy (the
     “Whistle-blower”) that they will not be unfairly disciplined or victimized for making any truthful reports; and (ii)
     allow fair and independent investigations into the above matters and take appropriate follow-up actions.

     During the year 2024, the Group has not violated any of the above anti-corruption laws and regulations.

     Community and Public Welfare

     As a socially responsible enterprise, the Group is actively involved in social welfare endeavors while pursuing
     corporate growth and protecting the interests of its shareholders and investors. Based on the business
     philosophy of “Openness basing on sincerity helps people by quality”, the Group always puts the interests of
     the pharmaceutical market and end-patients in the first place while pursuing its own development, and actively
     fulfills its corporate social responsibilities, so as to inject more energy into the sustainable development of the
     society, the economy and the environment.

     During the Reporting Period, the Group’s donations to social welfare causes amounted to approximately
     RMB1.38 million (2023: RMB0.73 million), which were mainly used for education and medical construction
     projects. These funds were used to promote academic research and improve medical treatment in urban and
     rural areas, benefiting organizations such as Red Cross Society of Hebei province, China Primary Health Care
     Foundation and other public welfare organizations.

     The Companies actively promote cooperation in education, and are committed to nurturing more professional
     talents for the community through school-enterprise cooperation, academic practice and international exchanges,
     as well as promoting technological innovation and cooperation among regions. In the area of education, the
     Companies have a long-term and friendly school-enterprise partnership with Lanzhou University, a national
     “double first-class” university. In August 2024, a group of doctoral, master’s and undergraduate students
     from the School of Chemistry and Chemical Engineering of Lanzhou University went to Shijiazhuang No. 4
     Pharma for a one-week field trip and professional practice, going deep into the front line of pharmaceutical
     research & development and production. This activity not only stimulated their enthusiasm and interest in the
     pharmaceutical industry, but also actively responded to the demand for practical teaching in higher education.
     In July of the same year, Peking University’s “Take Action Program（力 行 計 劃）” service team from Hebei
     Changzhou came to Hebei Guangxiang to conduct a research and study on the topic of “Comprehensive
     Development and Construction of Huangwang Harbor and Promotion of the Development of the Entire Industry
     Chain of Lingang Port（黃 驘 港 綜 合 開 發 建 設 與 推 進 臨 港 全 產 業 鏈 發）”, aiming at promoting the in-depth
     integration of industry, academia and research, and contributing wisdom and strength to the high-quality
     development of the local economy.




54     SSY Group Limited
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




APPENDIX: ESG REPORTING CONTENT INDEX

Subject Areas and   General Disclosure and KPIs   Chapter in the Report
Aspects

Environmental

A1 Emissions        General Disclosure            Emissions management

                    KPI A1.1                      Types of emissions and
                                                  amount of emissions

                    KPI A1.2                      Types of emissions and
                                                  amount of emissions

                    KPI A1.3                      Types of emissions and
                                                  amount of emissions

                    KPI A1.4                      Types of emissions and
                                                  amount of emissions

                    KPI A1.5                      Management of ESG
                                                  objectives and performance,
                                                  types of emissions and amount
                                                  of emissions

                    KPI A1.6                      Management of ESG
                                                  objectives and performance,
                                                  emissions management

A2 Use of           General Disclosure            Resource management
Resources
                    KPI A2.1                      Types of resources and energy
                                                  used and their consumption
                    KPI A2.2                      Types of resources and energy
                                                  used and their consumption

                    KPI A2.3                      Management of ESG
                                                  objectives and performance,
                                                  Use of energy

                    KPI A2.4                      Management of ESG
                                                  objectives and performance,
                                                  Use of water resources

                    KPI A2.5                      Types of resources and energy
                                                  used and their consumption

A3 Environment      General Disclosure            Resource management
and Natural
Resources           KPI A3.1                      Resource management

A4 Climate Change   General Disclosure            Climate change

                    KPI A4.1                      Financial impact analysis of
                                                  climate-related risks and
                                                  opportunities




                                                         Annual Report 2024       55
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




     APPENDIX: ESG REPORTING CONTENT INDEX (Continued)


     Subject Areas and    General Disclosure and KPIs    Chapter in the Report
     Aspects

     Social

     B1 Employment        General Disclosure             Employment relationship

                          KPI B1.1                       Total workforce

                          KPI B1.2                       Employee turnover rate
     B2 Health and        General Disclosure             Employment relationship
     Safety
                          KPI B2.1                       Occupational health and
                                                         safety

                          KPI B2.2                       Occupational health and
                                                         safety

                          KPI B2.3                       Employment relationship

     B3 Development       General Disclosure             Development and training
     and Training
                          KPI B3.1                       Percentage of employees
                                                         trained

                          KPI B3.2                       Average number of training
                                                         hours per employee

     B4 Labour            General Disclosure             Employment relationship
     Standards
                          KPI B4.1                       Employment relationship

                          KPI B4.2                       Employment relationship

     B5 Supply Chain      General Disclosure             Supply chain risk management
     Management
                          KPI B5.1                       Supply chain risk management

                          KPI B5.2                       Supply chain risk management

                          KPI B5.3                       Supply chain risk management

                          KPI B5.4                       Supply chain risk management




56    SSY Group Limited
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




APPENDIX: ESG REPORTING CONTENT INDEX (Continued)


Subject Areas and    General Disclosure and KPIs    Chapter in the Report
Aspects

B6 Product           General Disclosure             Operating and production
Responsibility
                     KPI B6.1                       Product quality and safety

                     KPI B6.2                       Product quality and safety

                     KPI B6.3                       Intellectual property
                                                    protection

                     KPI B6.4                       Product quality and safety

                     KPI B6.5                       Customer privacy protection

B7 Anti-corruption   General Disclosure             Anti-corruption

                     KPI B7.1                       Anti-corruption

                     KPI B7.2                       Anti-corruption

                     KPI B7.3                       Anti-corruption

B8 Community         General Disclosure             Community and public welfare
Investment
                     KPI B8.1                       Community and public welfare

                     KPI B8.2                       Community and public welfare




                                                            Annual Report 2024     57
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




     The Board of Directors (the “Board”) of SSY Group Limited (the “Company”) present their report together
     with the audited financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) for the year ended 31
     December 2024.

     PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

     The principal activity of the Company is investment holding and the activities of its subsidiaries are set out in
     note 13 to the financial statements.

     BUSINESS REVIEW

     Discussions and reviews of the Group’s business are contained in the Management Discussion and Analysis as set
     out on pages 12 to 19. These discussions form part of this Report of the Directors.

     SEGMENT INFORMATION

     An analysis of the Group’s revenue and results by business segments for the year ended 31 December 2024 is set
     out in note 4 to the financial statements.

     RESULTS

     The results of the Group for the year are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
     comprehensive income on pages 81 to 82.

     DIVIDENDS

     For the year ended 31 December 2024, an interim dividend of HK$0.08 per share was declared on 28 August
     2024 and paid on 27 September 2024 (2023: HK$0.07 per share). The Board recommended a final dividend of
     HK$0.095 per share (2023: HK$0.10 per share) which, together with the interim dividend, will result in total
     dividends of HK$0.175 per share for the year ended 31 December 2024 (2023: HK$0.17 per share). The payment
     of the final dividend is subject to the approval in the forthcoming annual general meeting.

     FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY

     A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is set out
     on page 168.

     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

     Details of the movements in property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year are set out in note 11
     to the financial statements.

     SHARE CAPITAL

     Details of movements in the share capital of the Company during the year are set out in the consolidated
     statement of changes in equity and in note 27(c) to the financial statements.




58     SSY Group Limited
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




RESERVES

Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and of the Company during the year are set out in the
consolidated statement of changes in equity and note 27(a) to the financial statements respectively.

DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

As at 31 December 2024, the Company had distributable reserves of approximately HK$433,318,000 (2023:
HK$320,247,000) calculated in accordance with the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands. The Company’s
share premium account is distributable to the shareholders of the Company provided that immediately following
the date on which the dividend is proposed to be distributed, the Company will be in a position to pay off its
debts as and when they fall due in the ordinary course of business. The share premium account may also be
distributed in the form of fully paid bonus shares. As at 31 December 2024, the share premium account was nil
balance (2023: HK$9,462,000).

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s articles of association or the laws of
the Cayman Islands, which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to existing
shareholders.

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF SECURITIES

The Board considers that purchase of its shares by the Company under suitable market condition and funding
arrangement will enhance net asset value and/or earnings per share of the Company, and thus will benefit the
Company and the shareholders as a whole. Save for the purchase of 11,830,000 shares which details are set
out in the next paragraph, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased or sold any of the
Company’s listed securities for the year ended 31 December 2024.

During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Company acquired an aggregate of 11,830,000 ordinary shares
through purchases on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) at an aggregate
consideration of approximately HK$44,563,000 which details are set out below. Among all of the above shares,
11,084,000 shares have been cancelled as at 31 December 2024, and the remaining 746,000 shares were
cancelled on 5 February 2025.

                                       Total number                                            Aggregate
                                     of the ordinary                                        consideration
                                              shares      Highest price     Lowest price (inclusive of fees
Date of the purchases                     purchased      paid per share    paid per share     and charges)
                                                                  (HK$)             (HK$)            (HK$)

29 August 2024                             3,770,000                3.80              3.70        14,339,000
12 September 2024                          2,700,000                3.77              3.65        10,006,000
13 September 2024                            320,000                3.80              3.77         1,216,000
16 September 2024                            368,000                3.83              3.77         1,407,000
17 September 2024                            426,000                3.84              3.80         1,634,000
19 September 2024                          1,700,000                3.90              3.78         6,561,000
20 September 2024                          1,800,000                3.90              3.78         6,906,000
20 December 2024                             746,000                3.35              3.30         2,494,000

                                          11,830,000                                              44,563,000



                                                                                     Annual Report 2024          59
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




     SHARE SCHEMES

     2012 Share Option Scheme

     As approved by an ordinary resolution passed by the shareholders at the Extraordinary General Meeting held on
     20 September 2012, the Board adopted a share option scheme which, unless otherwise cancelled or amended,
     was valid and remained in force for a period of 10 years from 20 September 2012 (the “2012 Share Option
     Scheme”). The 2012 Share Option Scheme has expired on 19 September 2022. No further options can be offered
     or granted upon the expiration of the 2012 Share Option Scheme. As at date of this Annual Report, granted
     and unexercised share options to subscribe for 100,000,000 Shares remains outstanding under the 2012 Share
     Option Scheme which details are set out in the next paragraph.

     On 12 January 2021 (the “Date of Grant”), the Company granted 100,000,000 share options to certain
     management staff of the Group who were not the Directors of the Company at the Date of Grant pursuant to
     the 2012 Share Option Scheme, representing approximately 3.285% of the issued share capital as at the date
     immediately before share options were granted. The closing price of the Shares immediately before the Date of
     Grant (i.e. 11 January 2021) was HK$4.00 per Share. The exercise price was HK$4.218. The exercisable period
     was from 12 January 2021 to 11 January 2026. Subsequent to the Date of Grant, two grantees namely Mr.
     Meng Guo and Mr. Chow Hing Yeung were appointed as executive directors of the Company on 27 August
     2021. During the year ended 31 December 2024 and up to date of this Annual Report, all of the 100,000,000
     share options remain outstanding and exercisable.

     The movement of total number of share options granted under the 2012 Share Option Scheme and remaining
     outstanding is shown as follows:

                                                                                            2024                    2023

     Outstanding at the beginning of the year                                     100,000,000                100,000,000
     Granted during the year                                                                –                          –
     Exercised during the year                                                              –                          –
     Lapsed during the year                                                                 –                          –

     Outstanding and exercisable at the end of the year                           100,000,000                100,000,000

     The details of share options movements during the year ended 31 December 2024 are shown as follows:

     Directors of the Company

                                                                               Number of share options
                                    Exercise                    Outstanding      Granted      Exercised       Outstanding
                      Date of       price       Exercisable         at 1 Jan       during        during         at 31 Dec
     Name of Director grant         per share   period                 2024      the year      the year              2024

     Mr. Meng Guo     12 Jan 2021   HK$4.218    12 Jan 2021 –    20,000,000             –                –      20,000,000
                                                  11 Jan 2026

     Mr. Chow Hing    12 Jan 2021   HK$4.218    12 Jan 2021 –     2,000,000             –                –       2,000,000
      Yeung                                       11 Jan 2026




60     SSY Group Limited
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




SHARE SCHEMES (Continued)

2012 Share Option Scheme (Continued)

Employees (not directors of the Company)

                                                                              Number of share options
                 Exercise                                      Outstanding      Granted      Exercised      Outstanding
Date of          price             Exercisable                     at 1 Jan       during        during        at 31 Dec
grant            per share         period                             2024      the year      the year             2024

12 Jan 2021      HK$4.218          12 Jan 2021 – 11 Jan 2026    78,000,000             –                –    78,000,000

As at 31 December 2024, the share options granted under the 2012 Share Option Scheme and remained
outstanding had an weighted average exercise price of HK$4.218 and a remaining contractual life of
approximately 1.03 years. Assuming that all share options outstanding as at 31 December 2024 are exercised,
the Company will receive proceeds of HK$421,800,000.

2023 Share Option Scheme

On 28 October 2022, in view of the expiration of the 2012 Share Option Scheme, the Board proposed to adopt
a new share option scheme (the “2023 Share Option Scheme”) in accordance with Chapter 17 of the Rules
Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”) effective on 1 January 2023 to
grant option(s) subscribe for ordinary share(s) of the Company (the “Share Option(s)”) to the Eligible Participants
including Employee Participant(s), Related Entity Participant(s) and Service Provider(s), all as defined in the 2023
Share Option Scheme, as incentives or rewards for their contribution or potential contribution to the Group.
The 2023 Share Option Scheme was adopted by an ordinary resolution passed by the shareholders at the
Extraordinary General Meeting held on 13 January 2023. The 2023 Share Option Scheme is valid and effective
for a period of ten (10) years commencing on the Adoption Date (i.e. 13 January 2023), after which period,
no further Share Options shall be offered or granted but the provisions of the 2023 Share Option Scheme shall
remain in full force and effect in all other respects. Share Options granted during the life of the 2023 Share
Option Scheme shall continue to be exercisable in accordance with their terms of grant after the end of the 10-
year period.

The basis of eligibility of any of the Eligible Participants to the grant of Share Options shall be determined by
the Board from time to time on the basis of the Board’s opinion as to his contribution or potential contribution
to the development and growth of the Group. The eligibility of any of the Eligible Participants to an Offer shall
be determined by the Board from time to time on the basis of the Board’s opinion as to the Eligible Participant’s
contribution to the development and growth of the Group. In assessing whether Share Options are to be
granted to any Eligible Participant, the Board shall take into account various factors, including but not limited
to, the nature and extent of contributions provided by such Eligible Participant to the Group, the special skills
or technical knowledge possessed by them which is beneficial to the continuing development of the Group,
the positive impacts which such Eligible Participant has brought to the Group’s business and development and
whether granting Share Options to such Eligible Participant is an appropriate incentive to motivate such Eligible
Participant to continue to contribute towards the betterment of the Group.




                                                                                           Annual Report 2024             61
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




     SHARE SCHEMES (Continued)

     2023 Share Option Scheme (Continued)

     Pursuant to the 2023 Share Option Scheme, offer for the grant of Share Options (“Offer”) is open for acceptance
     by the Eligible Participant concerned (and by no other person) for a period of up to 30 days from the date on
     which the Board resolves to make an Offer of a Share Option to an Eligible Participant (the “Offer Date”), with
     a remittance in favour of the Company of HK$1.00 by way of consideration for the grant. A grantee is required
     to hold a Share Option for not less than twelve (12) months from the Offer Date before it can be exercised. The
     exercise price in respect of any Share Option shall be at the discretion of the Directors, provided that it must be
     at least the highest of (a) the closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the
     Stock Exchange on the Offer Date; (b) the average closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily quotation
     sheets issued by the Stock Exchange for the five (5) Business Days immediately preceding the Offer Date; and (c)
     the nominal value of the Shares on the Offer Date. The period during which such Share Option can be exercised
     is determined and notified by the Board to the grantee, save that such period shall not be more than ten (10)
     years from the Offer Date.

     The total number of Shares which may be allotted and issued upon exercise of all Share Options or share options
     or share awards to be granted under the 2023 Share Option Scheme and any other share option scheme(s)
     or share award scheme(s) of the Company must not in aggregate exceed 10% of the total number of Shares
     in issue as at the Adoption Date (the “Scheme Limit”). The total number of Shares which may be allotted
     and issued in respect of all Share Options or share options or share awards to be granted to Service Providers
     under the 2023 Share Option Scheme and any other share option scheme(s) or share award scheme(s) of the
     Company must not in aggregate exceed 1% of the total number of Shares in issue as at the Adoption Date
     (the “Service Provider Sublimit”). The Scheme Limit and the Service Provider Sublimit may be refreshed at any
     time by obtaining approval of the Shareholders in general meeting after three years from Adoption Date or the
     date of Shareholders’ approval for the last refreshment provided that the total number of Shares which may be
     issued in respect of all share options and shares awards to be granted under all of the share option scheme(s)
     or share award scheme(s) of the Company under the Scheme Limit as refreshed must not exceed 10% and the
     Service Provider Sublimit as refreshed must not exceed 1% of the Shares in issue at the date of the Shareholders’
     approval.

     The total number of Shares issued and which may fall to be issued upon exercise of the Share Options and
     the share options and share awards granted under the 2023 Share Option Scheme or any other share option
     scheme(s) or share award scheme(s) of the Company (including both exercised or outstanding Share Options)
     to each Eligible Participant in any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the total number of Shares in
     issue unless, among other things, it is separately approved by the Shareholders in general meeting with such
     Eligible Participant and his/her close associates (or associates if the Eligible Participant is a connected person)
     abstaining from voting. Each grant of Share Options to a Director, chief executive of the Company or Substantial
     Shareholder (or any of their respective associates) must be approved by the independent non-executive Directors
     (excluding independent non-executive Director who is the proposed Grantee of a Share Option). Any grant of
     Share Options to an independent non-executive Director or a Substantial Shareholder (or any of their respective
     associates) would result in the Shares issued and to be issued in respect of all share options or share awards
     granted (excluding any share options or share awards lapsed) to such person in the 12-month period up to and
     including the date of such grant representing in aggregate over 0.1% of the Shares in issue, such further grant
     of Share Options shall be subject to approval by the Shareholders in general meeting at which the Grantee, his/
     her associates and all core connected persons (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company shall abstain from
     voting in favour at such general meeting, and in accordance with the Listing Rules.




62     SSY Group Limited
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




SHARE SCHEMES (Continued)

2023 Share Option Scheme (Continued)

Since the adoption of the 2023 Share Option Scheme and as at date of this Annual Report, no share option has
been granted under the 2023 Share Option Scheme. As at 31 December 2024, the number of share options
available for grant under the scheme mandate is 297,268,338 (31 December 2023: 297,268,338) and the Service
Provider Sublimit is 29,726,833 (31 December 2023: 29,726,833).

As at 31 December 2024, the total number of Shares available for issue in respect of share options available for
grant under all of the share option scheme(s) of the Company (being the 2023 Share Option Scheme only as the
2012 Share Option Scheme has expired) is 297,268,338 (31 December 2023: 297,268,338), which represented
approximately 10.05% (31 December 2023: 10.01%) of the issued shares of the Company as at 31 December
2024 (being 2,957,959,385 Shares) (31 December 2023: 2,969,043,385 Shares).

As at 31 December 2024, the number of Shares that may be issued in respect of share options granted under
all of the share option scheme(s) of the Company (being the 2012 Share Option Scheme only) is 100,000,000
(31 December 2023: 100,000,000), which represented approximately 3.38% (31 December 2023: 3.37%) of
the weighted average number of issued shares of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2024 (being
approximately 2,962,512,000 Shares) (2023: approximately 2,969,386,000 Shares).

Restricted Share Award Scheme

The Company has adopted the Restricted Share Award Scheme on 27 December 2018, pursuant to which
existing Shares will be purchased by the trustee from the market out of cash contributed by the Group and be
held on trust for the participants selected by the Board (the “Selected Participants”) until such Shares are vested
in the relevant Selected Participants in accordance with the terms of the Restricted Share Award Scheme. The
Restricted Share Award Scheme shall terminate upon the expiry of the period of 10 years from 27 December
2018 unless it is early terminated pursuant to this Scheme Rules by board resolution. The purpose and objective
of the Restricted Share Award Scheme are to provide the Selected Participants with an opportunity to acquire a
proprietary interest in the Company, to encourage and retain such individuals to work with the Company, and
to provide additional incentive for them to achieve performance goals. The Selected Participants of the Restricted
Share Award Scheme include any individual being an executive director, employee, officer of the Company or any
subsidiary.

The Board may, from time to time, at its absolute discretion determine the number of restricted Shares to be
granted and select any participant to be a Selected Participant with such vesting conditions as it may deem
appropriate under the Restricted Share Award Scheme. The Board shall pay to the Trustee the sum of the price
of the Shares together with all related purchase expenses required for the completion of the purchase of all the
Shares to be granted (the “Referable Amount”) from the Company’s resources as soon as possible. Within 20
business days (or such longer period as the Trustee and the Board may agree from time to time) of receiving
the Referable Amount, the Trustee shall apply the same towards the purchase of the Shares on the Stock
Exchange. After the Board has determined the number of Shares to be granted and the Selected Participants, it
shall notify the trustee and the Selected Participants in writing on the proposed Grant Date. Upon receipt of the
notification, the Selected Participants are required to confirm their acceptance by returning to the Board a notice
of acceptance duly executed by them within 28 days after the Grant Date. The vesting of the Shares is subject
to the Selected Participant remaining at all times after the Grant Date and on the Vesting Date a Participant of
the Company or any subsidiary. Subject to the vesting conditions set out in the Restricted Share Award Scheme,
any Share held by the Trustee on behalf of a Selected Participant pursuant to the Restricted Share Award Scheme
would vest in such Selected Participant in accordance with the vesting schedule as determined by the Board from
time to time.



                                                                                         Annual Report 2024           63
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




     SHARE SCHEMES (Continued)

     Restricted Share Award Scheme (Continued)

     The maximum number of shares which the trustee may purchase with funds contributed by the Group amounts
     to 60,280,507 Shares, representing 2% of the issued shares of the Company as at 27 December 2018 and
     approximately 2.04% (31 December 2023: 2.03%) of the issued shares of the Company as at 31 December 2024
     (being 2,957,959,385 Shares) (31 December 2023: 2,969,043,385 Shares). The maximum number of shares
     which may be granted to a Selected Participant at any one time or in aggregate may not exceed 1% of the
     issued shares of the Company as at 27 December 2018, and the transactions involved shall be in compliance with
     the requirements of Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules if they fell under the definition of “connected transactions”
     in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

     During the year ended 31 December 2024, no Shares (2023: 3,300,000 Shares) has been purchased by the
     Trustee pursuant to the Restricted Share Award Scheme as restricted shares, and no restricted share (2023: nil)
     has been granted to any Selected Participants. Hence, as at 31 December 2024 and date of this Annual Report,
     the number of restricted shares available for grant under the Restricted Share Award Scheme is 3,300,000 Shares
     (31 December 2023: 3,300,000 Shares), which represented approximately 0.11% (31 December 2023: 0.11%) of
     the issued shares of the Company as at 31 December 2024 (being 2,957,959,385 Shares) (31 December 2023:
     2,969,043,385 Shares). No restricted shares were vested, cancelled or lapsed pursuant to the Restricted Share
     Award Scheme during the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023.

     Pursuant to the Restricted Share Award Scheme, the restricted Shares will only be comprised of existing Shares to
     be purchased by the trustee from the market, and no new Shares will be issued to the trustee nor the Selected
     Participants by the Company.

     DIRECTORS

     The Directors during the year ended 31 December 2024 and up to date of this Annual report were:

     Executive Directors

     Mr. Qu Jiguang
     Mr. Su Xuejun
     Mr. Meng Guo
     Mr. Chow Hing Yeung
     Ms. Qu Wanrong (appointed on 28 August 2024)

     Non-executive Director

     Mr. Liu Wenjun (appointed on 19 January 2024)

     Independent Non-executive Directors

     Mr. Wang Yibing
     Mr. Chow Kwok Wai
     Mr. Jiang Guangce




64     SSY Group Limited
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




DIRECTORS (Continued)

During the year 2024, Mr. Liu Wenjun and Ms. Qu Wanrong obtained the legal advice as regards the
requirements under the Listing Rules that are applicable to them as a director of a listed issuer on 16 January
2024 and 25 July 2024 respectively before their appointments as the Directors, and both of them have confirmed
they understood their obligations as a director of a listed issuer.

Pursuant to Article 83(3) of the Company’s Articles of Association, the Directors shall have the power from time
to time and at any time to appoint any person as a Director either to fill a casual vacancy on the Board or, as an
addition to the existing Board. Any Director so appointed shall hold office until the next following annual general
meeting of the Company and shall then be eligible for re-election. Pursuant to Article 84 of the Company’s
Articles of Association, at each annual general meeting one-third of the Directors for the time being (or, if their
number is not a multiple of three, the number nearest to but not less than one-third) shall retire from office
by rotation provided that every Director shall be subject to retirement at an annual general meeting at least
once every three years. A retiring Director shall be eligible for re-election and shall continue to act as a Director
throughout the meeting at which he retires. The Directors to retire by rotation shall include (so far as necessary
to ascertain the number of directors to retire by rotation) any Director who wishes to retire and not to offer
himself for re-election. Any Director appointed pursuant to Article 83(3) of the Company’s Articles of Association
shall not be taken into account in determining which particular Directors or the number of Directors who are
to retire by rotation. The Board has recommended the re-appointment of the Directors for re-election at the
forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company with the circular containing the details of retiring Directors
to be re-elected.

The Company has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors a confirmation of his
independence, and has not been informed by any of the independent non-executive Director about any
subsequent change of circumstances which may affect his independence. The Company considers the
independent non-executive Directors to be independent based on the factors set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing
Rules.

BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Biographical details of directors and senior management are set out on pages 20 to 21.

PERMITTED INDEMNITY

The Company has arranged for appropriate insurance cover for Directors’ and officers’ liabilities in respect of
legal actions against its Directors and Senior Management arising out of corporate activities. Every Director shall
be entitled to be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all losses or liabilities which he/she may
sustain or incur in or about the execution of the duties of his/her office or otherwise in relation thereto.

DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS

Each of the Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company for an initial term of 3 years
commencing from the appointment date renewable for successive terms of 3 years commencing from the day
next after the expiry of the then current term of the appointment.

Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company which
is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation other than statutory
compensation.




                                                                                           Annual Report 2024           65
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




     DIRECTORS’ MATERIAL INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS

     Save as disclosed in note 30 to the financial statements, no transaction, arrangement or contracts of significance
     in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in which a
     Director had a material interests, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted as at 31 December 2024 or at any time
     during the year ended 31 December 2024.

     DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS

     Pursuant to Rule 8.10 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
     Limited (the “Listing Rules”), the interest of Directors of the Company in businesses which was likely to compete
     with the Group during the year ended 31 December 2024 and up to date of this Annual Report were as follows:

     As Mr. Liu Wenjun, the non-executive Director of the Company, holds position(s) in Sichuan Kelun
     Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Sichuan Kelun”, a substantial shareholder of the Company), he is deemed or may
     be perceived to have an interest in competing business. Sichuan Kelun is engaged in the same industry of
     manufacturing and selling of intravenous infusion solution as the Group. Although some of the business
     conducted by Sichuan Kelun are similar to those conducted by the Group, most of them are of different kinds
     of products and/or at different locations. The Group has been operating independently of, and at the arm’s
     length from, the businesses of Sichuan Kelun. Furthermore, all Directors of the Company are reminded of their
     fiduciary duties to the Group and that they must, in the performance of their duties of directors, avoid actual
     and potential conflicts of interest and duty. There are three Independent non-executive Directors in the Board to
     ensure that the interests of the general shareholders are adequately represented. Therefore, the Board is of the
     view that the interests of the Group and of the shareholders as a whole are properly safeguarded.

     Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2024 and up to date of this Annual Report, none of the Directors
     are considered to be in businesses which compete or are likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the
     businesses of the Group.




66     SSY Group Limited
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS IN THE SHARES

As at 31 December 2024, the interests of the Directors in the share capital of the Company and its associated
corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”)) as recorded in the
register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the
Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed
Issuers (“Model Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules once the shares are listed, were as follows:

                                                                                                                Approximate
                                                                                            Number of             percentage
                                                                                            shares and          of the issued
                                                                    Long/short              underlying           share capital
Name of Director               Capacity                             position               shares held       of the Company

Mr. Qu Jiguang                 Beneficial owner                     Long                   289,238,000                  9.78%
                               Interest in a controlled             Long                   854,828,000                 28.90%
                                 corporation (Note 1)

Mr. Su Xuejun                  Beneficial owner                     Long                    24,416,000                   0.83%

Mr. Meng Guo                   Beneficial owner (Note 2)            Long                    20,000,000                   0.68%

Mr. Chow Hing Yeung            Beneficial owner (Note 2)            Long                     2,000,000                   0.07%

Note:

1.      These shares were registered in the name of and beneficially owned by China Pharmaceutical Company Limited
        (“CPCL”). CPCL is a corporation which Mr. Qu Jiguang controls (i.e. a controlled corporation as defined in Part XV of
        the SFO) as Mr. Qu Jiguang beneficially holds the majority (i.e. over 50%) of the shares of CPCL. By virtue of Part XV of
        the SFO, Mr. Qu Jiguang is deemed to be interested in the shares held by CPCL.

2.      These represent the underlying interest in shares of the Company pursuant to share options granted, among others,
        to Mr. Meng Guo and Mr. Chow Hing Yeung on 12 January 2021 under the 2012 Share Option Scheme. As at 31
        December 2024 and up to date of this Annual Report, all of these share options remain outstanding and exercisable.

Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2024, none of the Directors or chief executives of the Company
had an interest or short position in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its
associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which were required (a) to be notified to the
Company or the Stock Exchange pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to
therein, or (b) pursuant to the Model Code to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange.

DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES AND DEBENTURES

Save as disclosed under the sections headed “Directors’ and chief executives’ interests in the shares” and “Share
option scheme”, at no time during the year ended 31 December 2024 were rights to acquire benefits by means
of the acquisition of shares or debentures of the Company granted to any Directors or their respective spouse or
minor children, or were any such rights exercised by them; or was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party
to any arrangement to enable the Directors of the Company to acquire such rights in any other body corporate.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024              67
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




     SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSON’S INTERESTS IN THE SHARES

     As at 31 December 2024, the register of substantial shareholders required to be kept by the Company under
     section 336 of the SFO shows that the Company had been notified of the following interests, being 5% or more
     in the issued share capital and underlying shares of the Company.

                                                                                                                     Approximate
                                                                                                 Number of             percentage
                                                                                                 shares and          of the issued
                                                                        Long/short               underlying           share capital
     Name of Shareholder            Capacity                            position                shares held       of the Company

     Mr. Qu Jiguang                 Beneficial owner                    Long                    289,238,000                  9.78%
                                    Interest in a controlled            Long                    854,828,000                 28.90%
                                      corporation (Note 1)

     CPCL (Note 1)                  Beneficial owner                    Long                    854,828,000                 28.90%

     Sichuan Kelun                  Interest in a controlled            Long                    446,852,000                 15.11%
       Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd        corporation (Note 2)
      （四川科倫藥業股份                     Beneficial owner                    Long                    181,924,000                  6.15%
       有限公司）

     Kelun International    Beneficial owner                            Long                    446,852,000                 15.11%
       Development Co., Ltd
      （科倫國際發展有限公司）
       (Note 2)

     UBS Group AG                   Interest in a controlled            Long                    295,795,721                 10.00%
                                      corporation

     Notes:

     1.       These shares were registered in the name of and beneficially owned by CPCL. CPCL is a corporation which Mr. Qu
              Jiguang controls (i.e. a controlled corporation as defined in Part XV of the SFO) as Mr. Qu Jiguang beneficially holds
              the majority (i.e. over 50%) of the shares of CPCL. By virtue of Part XV of the SFO, Mr. Qu Jiguang is deemed to be
              interested in the shares held by CPCL.

     2.       These shares were registered in the name of and beneficially owned by Kelun International Development Co., Ltd. (科倫
              國際發展有限公司). Kelun International Development Co., Ltd. (科倫國際發展有限公司) is held as to 100% by Sichuan
              Kelun Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (四川科倫藥業股份有限公司).




68        SSY Group Limited
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set out
in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules (the “Model Code”). Having made specific enquiry by the Company, all
Directors confirmed that they had complied with the required standard set out in the Model Code during the
year ended 31 December 2024.

The Company has also established written guidelines to the Directors, officers and all relevant employees of
the Company and its subsidiaries on securities transactions by those who may possess or have access to inside
Information of the Company.

MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group’s revenue attributable to its largest customer and its
five largest customers are less than 10% and 30% respectively of its total revenue, and the Group’s purchases
attributable to its largest supplier and its five largest suppliers are less than 10% and 30% respectively of its total
purchases.

None of the Directors, their associates or any shareholders (which owns more than 5% of the Company’s
shareholding to the knowledge of the Directors) has interests in the Group’s five largest customers and suppliers
during the year.

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

During the year ended 31 December 2024, certain related party transactions as disclosed in note 30 to the
financial statements also fell under the definition of “connected transactions” or “continuing connected
transaction” in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, details of which are set out below in compliance with the
requirements of Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

Continuing connected transactions with Sichuan Kelun for the year ended 31 December 2024

The Company has entered into the Master Sale and Purchase Agreement with Sichuan Kelun on 13 December
2023 to renew the sale and purchase of pharmaceutical materials for a term commencing from 1 January 2024
and ending on 31 December 2024 (the “2024 Master Sale and Purchase Agreement”). Pursuant to the terms
of the 2024 Master Sale and Purchase Agreement, (i) members of the Group shall purchase pharmaceutical
materials used for manufacturing of products of the Group (including but not limited to erythromycin
thiocyanate, Dextran 40, aseptic bag and rubberised fabric) from members of the Kelun Group; and (ii) members
of the Kelun Group shall purchase pharmaceutical materials used for manufacturing of products of the Kelun
Group (including but not limited to coextrusion films, rubber plugs and gaskets, and various types of bulk drugs
such as azithromycin) from members of the Group, on a non-exclusive basis, subject to the entering into of
individual implementation contracts as agreed between members of the Group and members of the Kelun Group.
On 26 July 2024, the Board has resolved to revise the annual cap to be paid by the Kelun Group for the purchase
of pharmaceutical materials from the Group under the 2024 Master Sale and Purchase Agreement for the year
ending 31 December 2024. The terms of the 2024 Master Sale and Purchase Agreement remained unchanged
and in full force and effect.

The unit prices of pharmaceutical materials purchased by the Group are determined based on the prevailing
market prices from time to time for relevant materials of similar quantities and specifications to ensure that
such prices and terms for pharmaceutical materials to be offered by the Kelun Group are no less favourable
to the Group than those offered by other independent third-party suppliers. The unit prices of pharmaceutical
materials sold by the Group and purchased by the Kelun Group shall be determined with reference to the prices
of relevant comparable materials in the price lists adopted by the Group and generally applicable to all customers
of the Group, and shall be no less favourable than those offered by the Group to other independent third-party
purchasers in accordance with its price lists generally applicable to all customers.


                                                                                            Annual Report 2024            69
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions with Sichuan Kelun for the year ended 31 December 2024
     (Continued)

     The Company has also entered into the 2024 Master Products Manufacturing and Transportation Services
     Agreement and the 2024 Master Research & Development Services Agreement with Sichuan Kelun on 13
     December 2023 for a term commencing from 1 January 2024 and ending on 31 December 2024.

     Pursuant to the 2024 Master Products Manufacturing and Transportation Services Agreement, members of the
     Group shall engage members of the Kelun Group for (i) products manufacturing and ancillary services and (ii)
     products transportation services, on a non-exclusive basis, subject to the entering into of individual contracts as
     agreed between members of the Group and members of the Kelun Group. The Products Manufacturing Services
     and Transportation Services shall be conducted on normal commercial terms, among which, on terms no less
     favourable to the Group than terms available from independent third parties. The service fees for the Products
     Manufacturing Services payable by the Group to the Kelun Group are determined based on the prevailing market
     prices from time to time for relevant manufacturing services in respect of products of similar type, quantity and
     quality.

     Pursuant to the 2024 Master Research & Development Services Agreement, (i) members of the Group shall
     provide research and development services to the members of Kelun Group; and (ii) members of the Group shall
     engage members of the Kelun Group for research and development services, on a non-exclusive basis, subject to
     the entering into of individual contracts as agreed between members of the Group and members of the Kelun
     Group. The Engagement of R&D Services and Provision of R&D Services shall be conducted on normal commercial
     terms, among which, on terms no less favourable to the Group than terms available from independent third
     parties based on its internal control measures. The service fees for the Engagement of R&D Services payable
     by the Group to the Kelun Group are determined based on the prevailing market prices from time to time for
     relevant research and development services of similar nature.

     As one or more of the applicable percentage ratios in respect of the annual cap for each of the above continuing
     connected transactions for the year ending 31 December 2024 are less than 5%, they are exempt from the
     circular (including independent financial advice) and independent shareholders’ approval requirements under
     Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 13 December 2023
     for the full particulars of the above continuing connected transactions for the year ending 31 December 2024.

     For the year ended 31 December 2024, (i) total purchase of pharmaceutical materials from the Kelun
     Group by the Group and total sales of pharmaceutical materials to the Kelun Group by the Group were
     RMB163,866,000 and RMB73,152,000 respectively, which did not exceed the annual caps of RMB278,670,000
     and RMB88,720,000 respectively under the 2024 Master Sale and Purchase Agreement; (ii) total amounts
     paid by the Group to the Kelun Group in respect of the Products Manufacturing Services and the Products
     Transportation Services provided by the Kelun Group were RMB18,986,000 and RMB4,575,000 respectively,
     which did not exceed the annual caps of RMB20,430,000 and RMB5,000,000 respectively under the 2024 Master
     Products Manufacturing and Transportation Services Agreement; and (iii) total amounts paid by the Group to
     the Kelun Group in respect of the research and development services provided by the Kelun Group and paid
     by the Kelun Group to the Group in respect of the research and development services provided by the Group
     were RMB4,298,000 and RMB472,000 respectively, which did not exceed the annual caps of RMB5,990,000 and
     RMB5,000,000 respectively under the 2024 Master Research & Development Services Agreement.




70     SSY Group Limited
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Continuing connected transactions with Sichuan Kelun for the year ended 31 December 2024
(Continued)

The independent non-executive Directors have confirmed that the aforesaid Continuing Connected Transactions
were conducted (a) in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group; (b) on normal commercial terms;
(c) in accordance with the 2024 Master Sale and Purchase Agreement, the 2024 Master Products Manufacturing
and Transportation Services Agreement and the 2024 Master Research & Development Services Agreement
governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the shareholders of the Company as
a whole and (d) with adequate and effective internal control procedures put in place.

The Board of Directors engaged the auditors of the Company to perform certain agreed upon procedures on the
above continuing connected transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements
3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and
with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong
Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The auditors have issued
an assurance report containing their findings and conclusions to the Board of Directors.

Continuing connected transactions with Sichuan Kelun for the year ending 31 December 2025

As the term of the 2024 Master Sale and Purchase Agreement and the 2024 Master Products Manufacturing
and Transportation Services Agreement will expire on 31 December 2024, on 19 December 2024, the Company
has entered into (i) the Master Sale and Purchase Agreement and (ii) the Master Products Manufacturing and
Transportation Services Agreement with Sichuan Kelun to renew (i) sale and purchase of pharmaceutical materials
and (ii) products manufacturing and transportation services for a term commencing from 1 January 2025 and
ending on 31 December 2025 (both days inclusive).

Pursuant to the terms of the Master Sale and Purchase Agreement, (i) members of the Group shall purchase
pharmaceutical materials used for manufacturing of products of the Company and its subsidiaries (including
but not limited to erythromycin thiocyanate, Dextran 40, aseptic bag and rubberised fabric) from members
of the Kelun Group; and (ii) members of the Kelun Group shall purchase pharmaceutical materials used for
manufacturing of products of the Kelun Group (including but not limited to coextrusion films, rubber plugs and
gaskets, and various types of bulk drugs such as azithromycin) from members of the Group, on a non-exclusive
basis, subject to the entering into of individual implementation contracts as agreed between members of the
Group and members of the Kelun Group. The unit prices of pharmaceutical materials purchased by the Group are
determined based on the prevailing market prices from time to time for relevant materials of similar quantities
and specifications to ensure that such prices and terms for pharmaceutical materials to be offered by the Kelun
Group are no less favourable to the Group than those offered by other independent third-party suppliers. The
unit prices of pharmaceutical materials sold by the Group and purchased by the Kelun Group shall be determined
with reference to the prices of relevant comparable materials in the price lists adopted by the Company and
generally applicable to all customers of the Company, and shall be no less favourable than those offered by the
Group to other independent third-party purchasers in accordance with its price lists generally applicable to all
customers.




                                                                                       Annual Report 2024          71
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     Continuing connected transactions with Sichuan Kelun for the year ending 31 December 2025
     (Continued)

     Pursuant to the Master Products Manufacturing and Transportation Services Agreement, members of the Group
     shall engage members of the Kelun Group for (i) products manufacturing and ancillary services and (ii) products
     transportation services, on a non-exclusive basis, subject to the entering into of individual contracts as agreed
     between members of the Group and members of the Kelun Group. The Products Manufacturing Services and
     Products Transportation Services shall be conducted on normal commercial terms, in particular, the Products
     Manufacturing Services and Products Transportation Services will be (i) on terms no less favourable to the Group
     than terms available from independent third parties based on its internal control measures; (ii) conducted in
     the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group and after arm’s length negotiations; and (iii) conducted
     within the ambit of the annual caps. The service fees for the Products Manufacturing Services and/or Products
     Transportation Services payable by the Group to the Kelun Group are determined based on the prevailing market
     prices from time to time for relevant manufacturing services in respect of products of similar type, quantity and
     quality.

     As one or more of the applicable percentage ratios in respect of the annual cap for each of the above continuing
     connected transactions for the year ending 31 December 2025 are less than 5%, each of them are exempt from
     the circular (including independent financial advice) and independent shareholders’ approval requirements under
     Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 19 December 2024
     for the full particulars of the above continuing connected transactions for the year ending 31 December 2025.

     MANAGEMENT CONTRACT

     No contract for management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of any business of the
     Group was entered into or existed during the year.

     SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

     Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors,
     it is confirmed that a sufficient public float of more than 25% of the issued capital of the Company has been
     maintained as at the latest practicable date, being 28 March 2025, and at all times during the year ended 31
     December 2024.

     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

     The Board is committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance. The Board believes that good
     corporate governance practices are essential for the growth of the Group and for safeguarding and maximizing
     shareholders’ interests. The Board reviews its corporate governance practices from time to time in order to meet
     the stakeholders’ expectations and comply with the latest regulatory requirements, and to fulfill its commitment
     to a high standard of corporate governance. The Company’s corporate governance practices are set out in the
     Corporate Governance Report on pages 22 to 34.

     AUDITOR

     The consolidated financial statements for the year have been audited by KPMG. The audited consolidated
     financial statements have been reviewed by the Audit Committee of the Company.




72     SSY Group Limited
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

The forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company will be held at 2:00 p.m. on 16 May 2025 at Rooms
4902-03, 49th Floor, Central Plaza, 18 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong. A notice of annual general meeting
will be published and despatched in accordance with the requirement of the Listing Rules in due course.

CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS

The register of members of the Company will be closed from Tuesday, 13 May 2025 to Friday, 16 May 2025,
both dates inclusive, during which period, no transfer of shares will be registered. In order to qualify to attend
and vote at the forthcoming annual general meeting, all properly completed transfer forms accompanied by the
relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s branch share registrar and transfer office in Hong
Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre,
183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong by no later than 4:30 p.m., Monday, 12 May 2025.

RECORD DATE FOR FINAL DIVIDEND

In order to qualify for the proposed final dividend to be approved at the forthcoming annual general meeting,
all properly completed transfer forms, accompanied by the relevant share certificates, must be lodged with the
Company’s branch share registrar and transfer office in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services
Limited at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong by no
later than 4:30 p.m., Wednesday, 21 May 2025 which is the Record Date for the proposed final dividend. The
proposed final dividend is expected to be paid on or about Tuesday, 3 June 2025.




On behalf of the Board



Qu Jiguang
Chairman

Hong Kong, 28 March 2025




                                                                                        Annual Report 2024           73
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




     Independent auditor’s report
     to the shareholders of SSY Group Limited
     (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

     Opinion

     We have audited the consolidated financial statements of SSY Group Limited (“the Company”) and its
     subsidiaries (“the Group”) set out on pages 81 to 167, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial
     position as at 31 December 2024, the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income,
     the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated cash flow statement for the year then
     ended and notes, comprising material accounting policy information and other explanatory information.

     In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
     position of the Group as at 31 December 2024 and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated
     cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”)
     issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared
     in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

     Basis for opinion

     We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA.
     Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of
     the consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with
     the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the Code”) together with any ethical requirements
     that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial statements in the Cayman Islands, and we have
     fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the Code. We believe that
     the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

     Key audit matters

     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit
     of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of
     our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do
     not provide a separate opinion on these matters.




74     SSY Group Limited
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




Timing of revenue recognition

Refer to note 4 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on pages 113 to 114.

The Key Audit Matter                                     How the matter was addressed in our audit

The Group’s revenue principally comprises sales of       Our audit procedures to assess the timing of revenue
pharmaceutical products to a significant number of       recognition included the following:
customers.
                                                         •   obtaining an understanding of and assessing
The Group enters into framework sales agreements             the design, implementation and operating
with certain of its major customers which specify the        effectiveness of management’s key internal
terms of sales relating to pricing, goods acceptance         controls in relation to revenue recognition;
and return, as well as credit terms. Sales to the
remainder of the Group’s customers are based on          •   inspecting, on a sample basis, framework sales
terms and conditions included in purchase orders. The        agreements and purchase orders with key
Group’s sales contracts do not include terms relating        customers to identify terms and conditions
to discounts or rebates and do not permit sales              relating to goods acceptance and the right of
returns except for where the products are damaged            return and assessing the Group’s policies in
or defective.                                                respect of the timing of revenue recognition with
                                                             reference to the requirements of the prevailing
The Group recognises revenue when control of                 accounting standards;
the goods is transferred to the customers, which is
generally at the point in time when the goods are        •   comparing, on a sample basis, specific revenue
delivered to the customer’s premises or a location           transactions recorded before and after the
designated by the customer for domestic sales, or in         financial year end with underlying documentation,
accordance with the terms and conditions of sales for        including shipping documents and goods
export sales.                                                acceptance notes, to assess whether revenue
                                                             had been recognised in the appropriate financial
We identified the timing of revenue recognition as           period on the basis of the terms of sale as set out
a key audit matter because revenue is one of the             in the framework sales agreements or purchase
key performance indicators of the Group and is,              orders;
therefore, subject to an inherent risk of manipulation
by management to meet targets or expectations and        •   confirming, on a sample basis, the amount
because errors in the recognition of revenue could           of sales transactions during the year and, for
have a material impact on the Group’s profit for the         unreturned confirmations, performing alternative
year.                                                        procedures by comparing details of the
                                                             transactions with underlying documentation; and

                                                         •   inspecting manual journal entries of adjustments
                                                             relating to revenue raised during the year which
                                                             met specific risk-based criteria, enquiring of
                                                             management the reasons for such adjustments
                                                             and comparing the details of the adjustments with
                                                             underlying documentation.


                                                                                        Annual Report 2024         75
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




     Expected credit loss (“ECL”) allowance for trade receivables

     Refer to notes 17 and 28(a) to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on pages 102
     to 104.

     The Key Audit Matter                                    How the matter was addressed in our audit

     As at 31 December 2024, the gross carrying amount       Our audit procedures to assess the ECL allowance for
     of the Group’s trade receivables totalled HK$2,110      trade receivables included the following:
     million, against which an allowance of HK$18.8
     million for ECLs was made. The net carrying amount      •   obtaining an understanding of and assessing
     of the Group’s trade receivables represented                the design, implementation and operating
     approximately 16.7% of the total assets as at 31            effectiveness of key internal controls relating to
     December 2024.                                              credit control, debt collection and the estimation
                                                                 of the ECL allowance;
     The Group measures the ECL allowance based on
     the estimated loss rates for each category of trade     •   evaluating the Group’s policy for and the method
     receivables which are grouped according to the              of estimating the ECL allowance with reference
     shared credit risk characteristics. The estimated           to the requirements of the applicable accounting
     loss rates take into account the aging of the trade         standard;
     receivable balances and the repayment history of the
     Group’s customers.                                      •   assessing the reasonableness of the grouping of
                                                                 trade receivables;
     We identified the ECL allowance for trade receivables
     as a key audit matter because determining the           •   examining the information used by management
     level of the ECL allowance requires the exercise            to derive the loss rate, including testing, on
     of significant management judgement which is                a sample basis, whether trade receivables are
     inherently subjective.                                      categorised in the appropriate time band and the
                                                                 accuracy of the historical credit loss data; and

                                                             •   performing the calculation of the expected credit
                                                                 loss allowance as at 31 December 2024 based
                                                                 on the Group’s accounting policy to evaluate
                                                                 the expected credit loss allowance made by
                                                                 management.




76   SSY Group Limited
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




Assessing potential impairment of capitalised development costs

Refer to note 12 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on pages 99 and 100.

The Key Audit Matter                                      How the matter was addressed in our audit

The carrying value of the Group’s capitalised             Our audit procedures to assessing potential
development costs totalled HK$903 million as at 31        impairment of capitalised development costs included
December 2024.                                            the following:

Management performs annual impairment assessment          •   assessing the design and implementation of
for its capitalised development costs that were not           key internal controls relating to impairment
yet available for use. For capitalised development            assessment in respect of capitalised development
costs available for use, management performs                  costs;
impairment assessment when impairment indicators
are identified.                                           •   comparing the data in discounted cash flow
                                                              forecasts prepared in the prior year with the
Management performs impairment assessment by                  current year’s performance to assess how accurate
comparing the carrying value of the cash-generating           the prior year’s discounted cash flow forecasts
unit (“CGU”) against its recoverable amount, which            were and making enquiries of management
is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and        as to the reasons for any significant variations
value in use based on discounted cashflow forecast            identified;
to determine the amount of impairment which should
be recognised, if any.                                    •   evaluating management’s identification of the
                                                              impairment indicators related to the capitalised
The preparation of discounted cash flow forecasts             development costs and the appropriateness of
in assessing value in use involves the exercise of            the methodology adopted with reference to
significant management judgment, in particular                the requirements of the prevailing accounting
in assessing future revenue growth, future gross              standards;
margins, forecast operating expenses and appropriate
discount rates.                                           •   evaluating reasonableness of the forecast revenue
                                                              growth, future gross margins, and forecast
We identified the assessment of impairment of                 operating expenses by comparing with the
capitalised development costs as a key audit matter           Group’s business plan and available market data;
because such assessment, if any, involves a significant
degree of management judgement, which can be              •   involving our internal valuation specialists in
inherently uncertain and subject to management bias.          assessing the reasonableness of the discount rate
                                                              applied by comparing with those of comparable
                                                              companies; and

                                                          •   performing a sensitivity analysis of the key
                                                              assumptions and considering the resulting impact
                                                              on the impairment assessment and whether there
                                                              were any indications of management bias.




                                                                                        Annual Report 2024        77
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




     Information other than the consolidated financial statements and auditor’s report thereon

     The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all the information
     included in the annual report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

     Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
     express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

     In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
     information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
     consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially
     misstated.

     If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
     information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

     Responsibilities of the directors for the consolidated financial statements

     The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true
     and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong
     Kong Companies Ordinance and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
     preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud
     or error.

     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability
     to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
     concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or
     have no realistic alternative but to do so.

     The directors are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s
     financial reporting process.

     Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements

     Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a
     whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
     includes our opinion. This report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume
     responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.




78     SSY Group Limited
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements (Continued)

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or
error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to
influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
      due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
      evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting
      a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may
      involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
      that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
      effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
      and related disclosures made by the directors.

•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
      based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
      conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we
      conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to
      the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate,
      to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
      auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a
      going concern.

•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
      the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions
      and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•     Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial
      information of the entities or business units within the group as a basis for forming an opinion on the
      group financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work
      performed for purposes of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.




                                                                                        Annual Report 2024           79
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




     Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements (Continued)

     We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
     the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify
     during our audit.

     We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
     regarding independence and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
     thought to bear on our independence and, where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards
     applied.

     From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
     significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
     key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
     disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not
     be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
     outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

     The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is FRANKIE C.Y. LAI.




     KPMG
     Certified Public Accountants

     8th Floor, Prince’s Building
     10 Chater Road
     Central, Hong Kong

     28 March 2025




80     SSY Group Limited
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
for the year ended 31 December 2024
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                                             2024            2023
                                                                 Note     HK$’000         HK$’000

Revenue                                                           4      5,773,251       6,463,009
Cost of sales                                                           (2,864,989)     (2,843,370)

Gross profit                                                            2,908,262        3,619,639

Other net income                                                  5        160,943         148,762
Selling and distribution costs                                          (1,143,425)     (1,532,591)
General and administrative expenses                                       (299,210)       (308,321)
Research and development costs                                            (265,969)       (289,748)
(Provision for)/reversal of impairment loss on trade and other
  receivables                                                               (6,492)          1,160
Other operating expenses                                         12        (10,609)              –

Profit from operations                                                  1,343,500        1,638,901

Finance income                                                             38,491           39,471
Finance costs                                                            (126,881)        (125,413)

Finance costs – net                                              6(a)      (88,390)        (85,942)
Share of profit of an associate                                             26,493          30,610

Profit before taxation                                            6     1,281,603        1,583,569

Income tax                                                        7      (205,995)        (254,281)

Profit for the year                                                     1,075,608        1,329,288

Other comprehensive income for the year, net of nil tax

Item that is or may be reclassified subsequently to profit or
   loss:
   Exchange differences on translation to presentation
     currency                                                            (197,635)        (126,947)

Other comprehensive income for the year                                  (197,635)        (126,947)

Total comprehensive income for the year                                   877,973        1,202,341




                                                                              Annual Report 2024      81
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
     AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
     for the year ended 31 December 2024
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)



                                                                                       2024                2023
                                                                   Note             HK$’000             HK$’000

     Profit attributable to:

     Equity shareholders of the Company                                            1,061,150           1,318,616
     Non-controlling interests                                                        14,458              10,672

     Profit for the year                                                           1,075,608           1,329,288

     Total comprehensive income attributable to:

     Equity shareholders of the Company                                              870,411           1,196,504
     Non-controlling interests                                                         7,562               5,837

     Total comprehensive income for the year                                         877,973           1,202,341

     Earnings per share                                             10

     – Basic                                                                      HK$0.3582           HK$0.4441

     – Diluted                                                                    HK$0.3581           HK$0.4426




     The notes on pages 87 to 167 form part of these financial statements. Details of dividends payable to equity
     shareholders of the Company attributable to the profit for the year are set out in note 27(b).




82     SSY Group Limited
                                           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
for the year ended 31 December 2024
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                                     31 December        31 December
                                                                                            2024               2023
                                                                         Note            HK$’000            HK$’000

Non-current assets

Property, plant and equipment                                             11            5,348,764         4,667,750
Right-of-use assets                                                       11              392,580           385,362
Intangible assets                                                         12            1,247,089         1,157,425
Interests in an associate                                                 14              420,137           422,681
Deferred tax assets                                                      25(b)             50,179            37,880
Pledged bank deposits and fixed deposits                                  19               84,010           171,121
Pledged bank deposits and fixed deposits                            19           •                  •




                                                                                        7,542,759         6,842,219

Current assets

Inventories                                                               16            1,109,462         1,086,282
Trade and bills receivables                                               17            2,226,355         2,177,050
Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                               18              220,590           199,117
Trading securities                                                        15               34,999                 -
Pledged bank deposits and time deposits                                   19              211,813            46,460
Cash and cash equivalents                                                 20            1,257,702         1,615,208
                                                                                 •                  •




                                                                                        5,060,921         5,124,117

Current liabilities

Borrowings                                                                21             654,927          1,420,573
Trade and bills payables                                                  22             547,618            407,929
Contract liabilities                                                                      50,426             70,378
Lease liabilities                                                         24               2,283              2,188
Accruals and other payables                                               23             552,349            543,211
Income tax payable                                                       25(a)            13,347             77,161

                                                                                        1,820,950         2,521,440
                                                                                 •                  •




Net current assets                                                                      3,239,971         2,602,677

Total assets less current liabilities                                                  10,782,730         9,444,896




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024       83
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
     for the year ended 31 December 2024
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                                 31 December        31 December
                                                                                        2024               2023
                                                                     Note            HK$’000            HK$’000
     Non-current liabilities

     Borrowings                                                       21            2,981,004         1,947,568
     Lease liabilities                                                24                1,476             3,759
     Deferred tax liabilities                                        25(b)             17,571            21,163
     Deferred revenue                                                 26              247,029           203,714
                                                                             •                  •




                                                                                    3,247,080         2,176,204

     NET ASSETS                                                                     7,535,650         7,268,692

     CAPITAL AND RESERVES

     Share capital                                                   27(c)             65,966            66,188
     Reserves                                                                       7,154,274         6,866,346
                                                                             •                  •




     Total equity attributable to equity shareholders of
       the Company                                                                  7,220,240         6,932,534

     Non-controlling interests                                                       315,410            336,158

     TOTAL EQUITY                                                                   7,535,650         7,268,692


     Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 28 March 2025.




                            Qu Jiguang                                           Su Xuejun
                             Director                                             Director




     The notes on pages 87 to 167 form part of these financial statements.




84     SSY Group Limited
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
for the year ended 31 December 2024
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                                     Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                                                                Share-based       Currency                                   Non-
                                                              Share        Share      Capital       Statutory      payment translation        Retained                 controlling       Total
                                                             capital    premium       reserve         reserve        reserve differences      earnings        Total      interests      equity
                                                 Note       HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000
Balance at 1 January 2023                                    66,285       32,655      177,330       492,571         67,050       (409,285)   5,786,994    6,213,600      332,224     6,545,824
Changes in equity for 2023:
  Profit for the year                                              –           –            –              –              –             –    1,318,616    1,318,616       10,672     1,329,288
  Other comprehensive income                                       –           –            –              –              –      (122,112)           –     (122,112)      (4,835)     (126,947)

Total comprehensive income                                         –           –            –              –              –      (122,112)   1,318,616    1,196,504         5,837    1,202,341

Dividends paid to equity shareholders of the
  Company                                        27(b)             –           –            –              –              –             –     (445,507)    (445,507)            –     (445,507)
Dividends paid by subsidiaries to non-
  controlling interests                                            –           –            –              –              –             –            –            –        (1,903)      (1,903)
Purchase and cancellation of own shares         27(c)(ii)        (97)    (23,193)      (9,679)             –              –             –            –      (32,969)            –      (32,969)
Acquisition of non-controlling interests
  in a subsidiary                                                  –           –          906             –               –             –            –         906              –         906
Appropriation of reserve                                           –           –            –       107,024               –             –     (107,024)          –              –           –

Balance at 31 December 2023                                  66,188        9,462      168,557       599,595         67,050       (531,397)   6,553,079    6,932,534      336,158     7,268,692

                                                                                    Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                                                              Share-based Currency                                       Non-
                                                              Share        Share       Capital Statutory         payment translation         Retained              controlling          Total
                                                             capital    premium       reserve        reserve      reserve differences        earnings        Total   interests         equity
                                                 Note       HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000    HK$’000         HK$’000
Balance at 1 January 2024                                    66,188        9,462      168,557       599,595         67,050       (531,397)   6,553,079    6,932,534      336,158     7,268,692
Changes in equity for 2024:
  Profit for the year                                              –           –            –              –              –             –    1,061,150    1,061,150       14,458     1,075,608
  Other comprehensive income                                       –           –            –              –              –      (190,739)           –     (190,739)      (6,896)     (197,635)

Total comprehensive income                                         –           –            –              –              –      (190,739)   1,061,150     870,411          7,562     877,973

Dividends paid to equity shareholders of the
  Company                                        27(b)             –           –            –              –              –             –    (534,126)    (534,126)             –    (534,126)
Dividends paid by subsidiaries to non-
  controlling interests                                           –            –            –              –              –             –            –            –      (32,326)      (32,326)
Purchase and cancellation of own shares         27(c)(ii)      (222)      (9,462)      (2,494)             –              –             –      (32,385)     (44,563)           –       (44,563)
Acquisition of non-controlling interests in a
  subsidiary                                                       –           –       (4,016)            –               –             –            –       (4,016)        4,016            –
Appropriation of reserve                                           –           –            –        61,103               –             –      (61,103)           –             –            –

Balance at 31 December 2024                                  65,966            –      162,047       660,698         67,050       (722,136)   6,986,615    7,220,240      315,410     7,535,650




The notes on pages 87 to 167 form part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024                           85
     CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
     for the year ended 31 December 2024
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                                         2024              2023
                                                                     Note             HK$’000           HK$’000

     Operating activities

     Cash generated from operations                                  20(b)            902,649         1,290,066
     Interest paid                                                                   (125,599)         (121,664)
     Income tax paid                                                 25(a)           (286,019)         (242,655)
                                                                                                  •




     Net cash generated from operating activities                                     491,031           925,747

     Investing activities

     Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                       (318,850)         (436,873)
     Purchase of right-of-use assets                                                  (27,278)          (91,596)
     Payment for additions to intangible assets                                      (194,297)         (175,402)
     Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                            1,840               909
     Government grant received related to property, plant and
       equipment                                                      26                70,879            62,486
     Dividends received from associate                                14                19,750            10,052
     Interest received                                                                  21,403            34,690
     Increase of time deposits and fixed deposits                                      (49,222)          (44,460)
     Payment for purchase of trading securities                                        (45,985)                –
                                                                                                  •




     Net cash used in investing activities                                           (521,760)         (640,194)

     Financing activities

     Payments for repurchase of own shares of the Company           27(c)(ii)          (44,563)          (32,969)
     Capital element of lease rentals paid                           20(c)              (2,188)           (2,437)
     Interest element of lease rentals paid                          20(c)                (202)             (248)
     Proceeds from borrowings                                        20(c)           1,447,061         1,533,973
     Repayments of borrowings                                        20(c)          (1,129,076)       (1,348,300)
     Payments of bank loan arrangement fees                                                  –            (7,180)
     Dividends paid to equity shareholders of the Company            27(b)            (534,126)         (445,507)
     Dividends paid by subsidiaries to non-controlling interests                       (32,326)           (1,903)

     Net cash used in financing activities                                           (295,420)         (304,571)
                                                                                •                 •




     Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                       (326,149)           (19,018)

     Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January                                         1,615,208         1,667,547

     Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                           (31,357)          (33,321)

     Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December                        20(a)          1,257,702         1,615,208




     The notes on pages 87 to 167 form part of these financial statements.


86     SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




1     GENERAL INFORMATION

      SSY Group Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”) are engaged in the
      research, development, manufacturing and sale of pharmaceutical products, which include finished
      medicines, bulk pharmaceuticals and medical materials. The Group has manufacturing plants in Hebei
      Province and Jiangsu Province, the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), and sells to customers mainly
      in the PRC.

      The Company is an exempted company with limited liability established under the Companies Law, Cap.22
      (Law 3 of 1961, as combined and revised) of Cayman Islands. The address of the Company’s registered
      office is Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, P.O. Box 2681, Grand Cayman KY1-1111, Cayman Islands.

      The Company’s shares have been listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock
      Exchange”) since 20 December 2005.

2     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

      (a)    Statement of compliance

             These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with all applicable Hong Kong
             Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”), which collective term includes all applicable individual
             Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and
             Interpretations issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and
             the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. These financial statements
             also comply with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of
             Securities on the Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”). Material accounting policies adopted by the
             Group are disclosed below.

             The HKICPA has issued certain amendments to HKFRSs that are first effective or available for early
             adoption for the current accounting period of the Group. Note 2(c) provides information on any
             changes in accounting policies resulting from initial application of these developments to the extent
             that they are relevant to the Group for the current accounting period reflected in these financial
             statements.

      (b)    Basis of preparation of the financial statements

             The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024 comprise the
             Company and its subsidiaries.

             The measurement basis used in the preparation of the financial statements is the historical cost
             basis except as set out in the accounting policies hereunder.

             The preparation of financial statements in conformity with HKFRSs requires management to
             make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported
             amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. The estimates and associated assumptions are
             based on historical experience and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under
             the circumstances, the results of which form the basis of making the judgements about carrying
             values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may
             differ from these estimates.




                                                                                        Annual Report 2024           87
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




     2      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            (b)   Basis of preparation of the financial statements (Continued)

                  The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to
                  accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision
                  affects only that period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects
                  both current and future periods.

                  Judgements made by management in the application of HKFRSs that have significant effect on the
                  financial statements and major sources of estimation uncertainty are discussed in note 3.

            (c)   Changes in accounting policies

                  New and amended HKFRSs

                  The Group has applied the following amendments to HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA to these
                  financial statements for the current accounting period:

                  •      Amendments to HKAS 1, Presentation of financial statements – Classification of liabilities as
                         current or non-current (“2020 amendments”) and amendments to HKAS 1, Presentation of
                         financial statements – Non-current liabilities with covenants (“2022 amendments”)

                  •      Amendments to HKFRS 16, Leases – Lease liability in a sale and leaseback

                  •      Amendments to HKAS 7, Statement of cash flows and HKFRS 7, Financial instruments:
                         Disclosures – Supplier finance arrangements

                  The Group has not applied any new standard or interpretation that is not yet effective for the
                  current accounting period. Impacts of the adoption of the new and amended HKFRSs are discussed
                  below:

                  Amendments to HKAS 1, Presentation of financial statements (the 2020 and 2022
                  amendments, collectively the “HKAS 1 amendments”)

                  The HKAS 1 amendments impact the classification of a liability as current or non-current, and have
                  been applied retrospectively as a package.

                  The 2020 amendments primarily clarify the classification of a liability that can be settled in its own
                  equity instruments. If the terms of a liability could, at the option of the counterparty, result in its
                  settlement by the transfer of the entity’s own equity instruments and that conversion option is
                  accounted for as an equity instrument, these terms do not affect the classification of the liability as
                  current or non-current. Otherwise, the transfer of equity instruments would constitute settlement
                  of the liability and impact classification.

                  The 2022 amendments specify that conditions with which an entity must comply after the reporting
                  date do not affect the classification of a liability as current or non-current. However, the entity is
                  required to disclose information about non-current liabilities subject to such conditions.

                  The policy does not have a material impact on the Group’s financial statements.




88       SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




2     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      (c)    Changes in accounting policies (Continued)

             New and amended HKFRSs (Continued)

             Amendments to HKFRS 16, Leases – Lease liability in a sale and leaseback

             The amendments clarify how an entity accounts for a sale and leaseback after the date of the
             transaction. The amendments require the seller-lessee to apply the general requirements for
             subsequent accounting of the lease liability in such a way that it does not recognise any gain or
             loss relating to the right of use it retains. A seller-lessee is required to apply the amendments
             retrospectively to sale and leaseback transactions entered into after the date of initial application.
             The amendments do not have a material impact on these financial statements as the Group has not
             entered into any sale and leaseback transactions.

             Amendments to HKAS 7, Statement of cash flows and HKFRS 7, Financial instruments:
             disclosures – Supplier finance arrangements

             The amendments introduce new disclosure requirements to enhance transparency of supplier
             finance arrangements and their effects on an entity’s liabilities, cash flows and exposure to liquidity
             risk. The amendments do not have a material impact on these financial statements as the Group
             has not entered into any supplier finance arrangements.

      (d)    Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests

             (i)    Consolidation

                    A subsidiary is an entity (including a structured entity) over which the Group has control.
                    The Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns
                    from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through
                    its power over the entity. Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which control is
                    transferred to the Group. They are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.

                    –      Business combinations

                           The Group applies the acquisition method to account for business combinations.
                           The consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary is the fair values of
                           the assets transferred, the liabilities incurred to the former owners of the acquiree
                           and the equity interests issued by the Group. The consideration transferred includes
                           the fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration
                           arrangement. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities
                           assumed in a business combination are measured initially at their fair values at the
                           acquisition date.




                                                                                          Annual Report 2024           89
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




     2      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            (d)   Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests (Continued)

                  (i)    Consolidation (Continued)

                         –      Business combinations (Continued)

                                The Group recognises any non-controlling interest in the acquiree on an acquisition-
                                by-acquisition basis. Non-controlling interests in the acquiree that are present
                                ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate share of the entity’s
                                net assets in the event of liquidation are measured at either fair value or the
                                present ownership interests’ proportionate share in the recognised amounts of the
                                acquiree’s identifiable net assets. All other components of non-controlling interests
                                are measured at their acquisition date fair value, unless another measurement basis is
                                required by HKFRSs.

                                Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.

                                If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date carrying value
                                of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree is remeasured to fair
                                value at the acquisition date; any gains or losses arising from such re-measurement
                                are recognised in profit or loss. Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the
                                Group is recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. Subsequent changes to the
                                fair value of the contingent consideration that is deemed to be an asset or liability
                                is recognised in accordance with HKAS 39 either in profit or loss or as a change to
                                other comprehensive income. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is
                                not remeasured, and its subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity.

                                The excess of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling
                                interest in the acquiree and the acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity
                                interest in the acquiree over the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired is
                                recorded as goodwill. If the total of consideration transferred, non-controlling interest
                                recognised and previously held interest measured is less than the fair value of the net
                                assets of the subsidiary acquired in the case of a bargain purchase, the difference is
                                recognised directly in profit or loss.

                                Inter-group transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between
                                group companies are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the
                                transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the transferred asset. When
                                necessary, amounts represented by subsidiaries have been adjusted to conform with
                                the Group’s accounting policies.




90       SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




2     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      (d)    Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests (Continued)

             (i)    Consolidation (Continued)

                    –      Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries without change of control

                           Transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of control
                           are accounted for as equity transaction that is, as transactions with the owners of
                           the subsidiary in their capacity as owners. The difference between fair value of any
                           consideration paid and the relevant share acquired of the carrying value of net assets
                           of the subsidiary is recorded in equity. Gains or losses on disposals to non-controlling
                           interests are also recorded in equity.

                    –      Disposal of subsidiaries

                           When the Group ceases to have control, any retained interest in the entity is
                           remeasured to its fair value at the date when control is lost, with the change in
                           carrying amount recognised in profit or loss. The fair value is the initial carrying
                           amount for the purposes of subsequently accounting for the retained interest as
                           an associate, joint venture or financial asset. In addition, any amounts previously
                           recognised in other comprehensive income in respect of that entity are accounted for
                           as if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. This may mean
                           that amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to
                           profit or loss.

             (ii)   Company’s statement of financial position

                    Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment (see note 2(k)). Cost
                    also includes direct attributable costs of investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted
                    for by the Company on the basis of dividend received and receivable.

                    Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required when there is any indication
                    that the investment is impaired or upon receiving a dividend from these investments if
                    the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the
                    dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial
                    statements exceeds the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the
                    investee’s net assets including goodwill.

      (e)    Segment reporting

             Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the
             Group’s most senior executive management for the purpose of allocating resources and assessing
             performance of the operating segments.

             Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes
             unless the segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature
             of products and services, the nature of production processes, the type or class of customers, the
             methods used to distribute the products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory
             environment. Operating segments which are not individually material may be aggregated if they
             share a majority of these criteria.


                                                                                          Annual Report 2024           91
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




     2      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            (f)   Associates

                  An associate is an entity in which the Group has significant influence, but not control or joint
                  control, over its management, including participation in the financial and operating policy
                  decisions.

                  An investment in an associate is accounted for in the consolidated financial statements under
                  the equity method, unless it is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group that is
                  classified as held for sale). Under the equity method, the investment is initially recorded at cost,
                  adjusted for any excess of the Group’s share of the acquisition-date fair values of the investee’s
                  identifiable net assets over the cost of the investment (if any). The cost of the investment includes
                  purchase price, other costs directly attributable to the acquisition of the investment, and any direct
                  investment into the associate that forms part of the Group’s equity investment. Thereafter, the
                  investment is adjusted for the post acquisition change in the Group’s share of the investee’s net
                  assets and any impairment loss relating to the investment (see note 2(k)). At each reporting date,
                  the Group assesses whether there is any objective evidence that the investment is impaired. Any
                  acquisition-date excess over cost, the Group’s share of the post-acquisition, post-tax results of the
                  investees, any impairment losses for the year and the Group’s share of the post-acquisition post-tax
                  items of the investees’ other comprehensive income are recognised in the consolidated statement
                  of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

                  When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the associate, the Group’s interest is
                  reduced to nil and recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the
                  Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the investee.
                  For this purpose, the Group’s interest is the carrying amount of the investment under the equity
                  method, together with any other long-term interests that in substance form part of the Group’s net
                  investment in the associate, after applying the ECL model to such other long-term interests where
                  applicable (see note 2(n)).

                  Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates are
                  eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interest in the investee, except where unrealised losses
                  provide evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred, in which case they are recognised
                  immediately in profit or loss.

                  If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture or vice versa, the retained
                  interest is not remeasured. Instead, the investment continues to be accounted for under the equity
                  method.

                  In all other cases, when the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate, it is
                  accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that investee, with a resulting gain or loss
                  being recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former investee at the date when
                  significant influence is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value
                  on initial recognition of a financial asset.




92       SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




2     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      (g)    Foreign currency translation

             (i)     Functional and presentation currency

                     Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured
                     using the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (‘the
                     functional currency’). The functional currency of the Company and New Orient Investments
                     Pharmaceutical Holding (Hong Kong) Limited is HK dollars (“HK$”) and the functional
                     currency of other Group’s companies is Renminbi (“RMB”). The consolidated financial
                     statements are presented in HK$.

             (ii)    Transactions and balances

                     Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange
                     rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions or valuation where items are re-measured.
                     Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions
                     and from the translation at year-end exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities
                     denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in profit or loss.

                     Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to borrowings and cash and cash equivalents
                     are presented in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
                     income within ‘finance income or costs’. All other foreign exchange gains and losses are
                     presented in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
                     within ‘other income’.

                     Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign
                     currency are translated using the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction dates.
                     The transaction date is the date on which the Group initially recognises such non-monetary
                     assets or liabilities. Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies
                     that are stated at fair value are translated using the foreign exchange rates ruling at the
                     dates the fair value was measured.

             (iii)   Group companies

                     The results and financial position of all the Group entities (none of which has the currency
                     of a hyperinflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the
                     presentation currency are translated into the presentation currency as follows:

                     –     assets and liabilities for each financial position presented are translated at the closing
                           rate at the end of the reporting period;

                     –     income and expenses for each income statement are translated at average exchange
                           rates (unless this average is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect
                           of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income and expenses
                           are translated at the dates of the transactions); and




                                                                                          Annual Report 2024            93
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




     2      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            (g)   Foreign currency translation (Continued)

                  (iii)   Group companies (Continued)

                          –     all resulting currency translation differences are recognised in other comprehensive
                                income.

                          Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign entity are treated
                          as assets and liabilities of the foreign entity and translated into Hong Kong dollars at the
                          closing foreign exchange rates at the end of the reporting period. Currency translation
                          differences arising are recognised in other comprehensive income.

            (h)   Property, plant and equipment

                  Property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and
                  accumulated impairment losses, if any. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly
                  attributable to the acquisition of the items.

                  Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset,
                  as appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item
                  will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of
                  the replaced part is derecognised. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to profit or loss
                  during the financial period in which they are incurred.

                  Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their costs to their residual
                  values over their estimated useful lives, as follows:

                  – Buildings                                               10 – 50 years

                  – Plant, machinery and tools                              5 – 10 years

                  – Furniture, fixtures, office equipment and others        3 – 10 years

                  – Vehicles                                                4 – 10 years

                  The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of
                  each reporting period.

                  An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s
                  carrying amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount (see note 2(k)).

                  Items may be produced while bringing an item of property, plant and equipment to the location
                  and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management.
                  The proceeds from selling any such items and the related costs are recognised in profit or loss.




94       SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




2     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      (h)    Property, plant and equipment (Continued)

             Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount
             and are recognised within ‘other income’, in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
             comprehensive income.

             Construction-in-progress (“CIP”) represents buildings, plant and machinery under construction or
             pending installation and is stated at cost less accumulated impairment losses, if any. Cost includes
             the costs of construction of buildings, costs of plant and machinery, and interest charges arising
             from borrowings used to finance these assets during the period of construction or installation and
             testing. No provision for depreciation is made on CIP until such time as the relevant assets are
             completed and ready for the intended use. When the assets concerned are brought into use, the
             costs are transferred to property, plant and equipment and depreciated in accordance with the
             policy as stated above.

      (i)    Leased assets

             At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. A
             contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified
             asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. Control is conveyed where the customer
             has both the right to direct the use of the identified asset and to obtain substantially all of the
             economic benefits from that use.

             (i)    As a lessee

                    Where the contract contains lease component(s) and non-lease component(s), the Group has
                    elected not to separate non-lease components and accounts for each lease component and
                    any associated non-lease components as a single lease component for all leases.

                    At the lease commencement date, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease
                    liability, except for short-term leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less and leases
                    of low-value assets. When the Group enters into a lease in respect of a low-value asset, the
                    Group decides whether to capitalise the lease on a lease-by-lease basis. The lease payments
                    associated with those leases which are not capitalised are recognised as an expense on a
                    systematic basis over the lease term.

                    Where the lease is capitalised, the lease liability is initially recognised at the present value of
                    the lease payments payable over the lease term, discounted using the interest rate implicit
                    in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, using a relevant incremental
                    borrowing rate. After initial recognition, the lease liability is measured at amortised cost and
                    interest expense is calculated using the effective interest method. Variable lease payments
                    that do not depend on an index or rate are not included in the measurement of the lease
                    liability and hence are charged to profit or loss in the accounting period in which they are
                    incurred.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024            95
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




     2      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            (i)   Leased assets (Continued)

                  (i)    As a lessee (Continued)

                         The right-of-use asset recognised when a lease is capitalised is initially measured at cost,
                         which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability plus any lease payments made at or
                         before the commencement date, and any initial direct costs incurred. Where applicable, the
                         cost of the right-of-use assets also includes an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove
                         the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located,
                         discounted to their present value, less any lease incentives received. The right-of-use asset is
                         subsequently stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (see note
                         2(k)).

                         The initial fair value of refundable rental deposits is accounted for separately from the right-
                         of-use assets in accordance with the accounting policy applicable to investments in debt
                         securities carried at amortised cost (see notes 2(l)(i), 2(bb) and 2(n)). Any difference between
                         the initial fair value and the nominal value of the deposits is accounted for as additional
                         lease payments made and is included in the cost of right-of-use assets.

                         The lease liability is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising
                         from a change in an index or rate, or there is a change in the Group’s estimate of the
                         amount expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee, or there is a change
                         arising from the reassessment of whether the Group will be reasonably certain to exercise a
                         purchase, extension or termination option. When the lease liability is remeasured in this way,
                         a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset, or is
                         recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been reduced
                         to zero.

                         The lease liability is also remeasured when there is a change in the scope of a lease or the
                         consideration for a lease that is not originally provided for in the lease contract (“lease
                         modification”) that is not accounted for as a separate lease. In this case the lease liability
                         is remeasured based on the revised lease payments and lease term using a revised discount
                         rate at the effective date of the modification.

                         In the consolidated statement of financial position, the current portion of long-term lease
                         liabilities is determined as the present value of contractual payments that are due to be
                         settled within twelve months after the reporting period.




96       SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




2     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      (i)    Leased assets (Continued)

             (ii)   As a lessor

                    When the Group acts as a lessor, it determines at lease inception whether each lease is
                    a finance lease or an operating lease. A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers
                    substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to the ownership of an underlying assets to
                    the lessee. If this is not the case, the lease is classified as an operating lease.

                    When a contract contains lease and non-lease components, the Group allocates the
                    consideration in the contract to each component on a relative stand-alone selling price
                    basis. The rental income from operating leases is recognised on a straight-line basis over the
                    period of the lease.

      (j)    Intangible assets

             (i)    Goodwill

                    Goodwill represents the excess of

                    (i)    the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration transferred, the amount of any
                           non-controlling interest in the acquiree and the fair value of the Group’s previously
                           held equity interest in the acquiree; over

                    (ii)   the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets and liabilities measured as at
                           the acquisition date.

                    When (ii) is greater than (i), then this excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a
                    gain on a bargain purchase.

                    Goodwill is stated at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill arising on a business
                    combination is allocated to each cash-generating unit (“CGU”), or groups of CGUs, that
                    is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination. Each unit or group of units
                    to which the goodwill is allocated represents the lowest level within the entity at which
                    the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes. Goodwill is monitored at the
                    operating segment level.

                    Goodwill impairment reviews are undertaken annually or more frequently if events or
                    changes in circumstances indicate a potential impairment. The carrying value of the CGUs
                    containing the goodwill is compared to the recoverable amount, which is the higher of value
                    in use and the fair value less costs of disposal. Any impairment is recognised immediately as
                    an expense and is not subsequently reversed.

                    On disposal of a cash generating unit during the year, any attributable amount of purchased
                    goodwill is included in the calculation of the profit or loss on disposal.




                                                                                          Annual Report 2024           97
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




     2      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            (j)   Intangible assets (Continued)

                  (ii)    Trademarks and patents

                          Separately acquired trademarks and patents are shown at historical cost less accumulated
                          amortisation and accumulated impairment losses, if any. Trademarks and patents acquired
                          in a business combination are recognised at fair value at the date of acquisition. Trademarks
                          and patents have finite useful lives. Amortisation is calculated using the straight-line method
                          to allocate the costs over their estimated useful lives, as follows:

                          – Trademarks                            50 years

                          – Patents                               6 – 10 years

                  (iii)   Customer relationships

                          Customer relationships acquired in a business combination are recognised at fair value at the
                          acquisition date attributable to customer base or existing contractual bids with customers
                          taken over in connection with business combinations. Customer relationships have finite
                          useful lives. Amortisation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their costs
                          over their estimated useful lives of 5 – 5.25 years.

                  (iv)    Software

                          Acquired software are capitalised on the basis of the costs incurred to acquire and bring to
                          use the specific software. These costs are amortised over their estimated useful lives of 5
                          years.

                  (v)     Research and development costs

                          Research expenditure is recognised as an expense as incurred. Costs incurred on
                          development projects (relating to the design and testing of new or improved products) are
                          recognised as intangible assets when the following criteria are fulfilled:

                          –      it is technically feasible to complete the intangible asset so that it will be available for
                                 use;

                          –      management intends to complete the intangible asset and use it;

                          –      there is an ability to use the intangible asset;

                          –      it can be demonstrated how the intangible asset will generate probable future
                                 economic benefits;

                          –      adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and
                                 to use the intangible asset are available; and




98       SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




2     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      (j)    Intangible assets (Continued)

             (v)    Research and development costs (Continued)

                    –      the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its development can be
                           reliably measured.

                    Other development expenditures that do not meet these criteria are recognised as an
                    expense as incurred. Development costs previously recognised as an expense are not
                    recognised as an asset in a subsequent period. Capitalised development costs are recorded
                    as intangible assets and amortised from the point at which the asset is ready for use on a
                    straight-line basis over its useful life, not exceeding ten years.

      (k)    Impairment of non-financial assets

             Internal and external sources of information are reviewed at the end of each reporting period to
             identify indications that the following assets may be impaired or, except in the case of goodwill, an
             impairment loss previously recognised no longer exists or may have decreased:

             –      property, plant and equipment, including right-of-use assets;

             –      intangible assets;

             –      goodwill;

             –      interest in an associate; and

             –      investments in subsidiaries in the Company’s statement of financial position.

             If any such indication exists, the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. In addition, for goodwill,
             intangible assets that are not yet available for use and intangible assets that have indefinite useful
             lives, the recoverable amount is estimated annually whether or not there is any indication of
             impairment.

             –      Calculation of recoverable amount

                    The recoverable amount of an asset is the greater of its fair value less costs of disposal and
                    value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to
                    their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments
                    of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. Where an asset does not
                    generate cash inflows largely independent of those from other assets, the recoverable
                    amount is determined for the smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows
                    independently (i.e. a cash-generating unit). A portion of the carrying amount of a corporate
                    asset (for example, head office building) is allocated to an individual cash-generating unit if
                    the allocation can be done on a reasonable and consistent basis, or to the smallest group of
                    cash-generating units if otherwise.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2024           99
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    2     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

          (k)    Impairment of non-financial assets (Continued)

                 –      Recognition of impairment losses

                        An impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss if the carrying amount of an asset, or the
                        cash-generating unit to which it belongs, exceeds its recoverable amount. Impairment losses
                        recognised in respect of cash-generating units are allocated first to reduce the carrying
                        amount of any goodwill allocated to the cash-generating unit (or group of units) and then,
                        to reduce the carrying amount of the other assets in the unit (or group of units) on a pro
                        rata basis, except that the carrying value of an asset will not be reduced below its individual
                        fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable) or value in use (if determinable).

                 –      Reversals of impairment losses

                        In respect of assets other than goodwill, an impairment loss is reversed if there has been
                        a favourable change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. An
                        impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed.

                        A reversal of an impairment loss is limited to the asset’s carrying amount that would
                        have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised in prior years. Reversals
                        of impairment losses are credited to profit or loss in the year in which the reversals are
                        recognised.

          (l)    Other investments in debt and equity securities

                 The Group’s policies for investments in debt and equity securities, other than investments in
                 subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, are set out below.

                 Investments in debt and equity securities are recognised/derecognised on the date the Group
                 commits to purchase/sell the investment. The investments are initially stated at fair value plus
                 directly attributable transaction costs, except for those investments measured at FVPL for which
                 transaction costs are recognised directly in profit or loss. For an explanation of how the Group
                 determines fair value of financial instruments, see note 28(e). These investments are subsequently
                 accounted for as follows, depending on their classification.

                 (i)    Investments other than equity investments

                        Non-equity investments held by the Group are classified into one of the following
                        measurement categories:

                        –      amortised cost, if the investment is held for the collection of contractual cash flows
                               which represent solely payments of principal and interest. Interest income from the
                               investment is calculated using the effective interest method (see note 2(bb)).




100 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




2     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      (l)    Other investments in debt and equity securities (Continued)

             (i)    Investments other than equity investments (Continued)

                    –      FVOCI – recycling, if the contractual cash flows of the investment comprise solely
                           payments of principal and interest and the investment is held within a business model
                           whose objective is achieved by both the collection of contractual cash flows and sale.
                           Changes in fair value are recognised in other comprehensive income, except for the
                           recognition in profit or loss of expected credit losses, interest income (calculated
                           using the effective interest method) and foreign exchange gains and losses. When the
                           investment is derecognised, the amount accumulated in other comprehensive income
                           is recycled from equity to profit or loss.

                    –      FVPL, if the investment does not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised
                           cost or FVOCI (recycling). Changes in the fair value of the investment (including
                           interest) are recognised in profit or loss.

             (ii)   Equity investments

                    An investment in equity securities is classified as FVPL unless the equity investment is not
                    held for trading purposes and on initial recognition of the investment the Group makes an
                    election to designate the investment at FVOCI (non-recycling) such that subsequent changes
                    in fair value are recognised in other comprehensive income. Such elections are made on an
                    instrument-by-instrument basis, but may only be made if the investment meets the definition
                    of equity from the issuer’s perspective. Where such an election is made, the amount
                    accumulated in other comprehensive income remains in the fair value reserve (non-recycling)
                    until the investment is disposed of. At the time of disposal, the amount accumulated in
                    the fair value reserve (non-recycling) is transferred to retained earnings. It is not recycled
                    through profit or loss. Dividends from an investment in equity securities, irrespective of
                    whether classified as at FVPL or FVOCI, are recognised in profit or loss as other income in
                    accordance with the policy set out in note 2(cc).

      (m)    Offsetting financial instruments

             Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the financial position
             when there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention
             to settle on a net basis or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The legally
             enforceable right must not be contingent on future events and must be enforceable in the normal
             course of business and in the event of default, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Company or the
             counterparty.




                                                                                        Annual Report 2024           101
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    2     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

          (n)    Credit losses from financial instruments, contract assets and lease receivables

                 The Group recognises a loss allowance for ECLs on the following items:

                 –      financial assets measured at amortised cost (including cash and cash equivalents, trade
                        receivables and other receivables, which are held for the collection of contractual cash flows
                        which represent solely payments of principal and interest);

                 –      contract assets as defined in HKFRS 15 (see note 2(p)); and

                 –      lease receivables.

                 Other financial assets measured at fair value, including units in bond funds, equity and debt
                 securities measured at FVPL, equity securities designated at FVOCI (non-recycling) and derivative
                 financial assets, are not subject to the ECL assessment.

                 Measurement of ECLs

                 ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the present
                 value of all expected cash shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the Group in
                 accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive).

                 The expected cash shortfalls are discounted using the following discount rates where the effect of
                 discounting is material:

                 –      fixed-rate financial assets, trade and other receivables and contract assets: effective interest
                        rate determined at initial recognition or an approximation thereof;

                 –      variable-rate financial assets: current effective interest rate;

                 –      lease receivables: discount rate used in the measurement of the lease receivable;

                 The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over
                 which the Group is exposed to credit risk.

                 In measuring ECLs, the Group takes into account reasonable and supportable information that
                 is available without undue cost or effort. This includes information about past events, current
                 conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.

                 ECLs are measured on either of the following bases:

                 –      12-month ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from possible default events
                        within the 12 months after the reporting date; and

                 –      lifetime ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from all possible default events
                        over the expected lives of the items to which the ECL model applies.




102 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




2     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      (n)    Credit losses from financial instruments, contract assets and lease receivables (Continued)

             Measurement of ECLs (Continued)

             Loss allowances for trade receivables and contract assets are always measured at an amount equal
             to lifetime ECLs. ECLs on these financial assets are estimated using a provision matrix based on the
             Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors and an
             assessment of both the current and forecast general economic conditions at the reporting date.

             For all other financial instruments, the Group recognises a loss allowance equal to 12-month ECLs
             unless there has been a significant increase in credit risk of the financial instrument since initial
             recognition, in which case the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.

             Significant increases in credit risk

             In assessing whether the credit risk of a financial instrument has increased significantly since
             initial recognition, the Group compares the risk of default occurring on the financial instrument
             assessed at the reporting date with that assessed at the date of initial recognition. In making this
             reassessment, the Group considers that a default event occurs when (i) the borrower is unlikely to
             pay its credit obligations to the Group in full, without recourse by the Group to actions such as
             realising security (if any is held); or (ii) the financial asset is 90 days past due. The Group considers
             both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including
             historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.

             In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk
             has increased significantly since initial recognition:

             –      failure to make payments of principal or interest on their contractually due dates;

             –      an actual or expected significant deterioration in a financial instrument’s external or internal
                    credit rating (if available);

             –      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor; and

             –      existing or forecast changes in the technological, market, economic or legal environment
                    that have a significant adverse effect on the debtor’s ability to meet its obligation to the
                    Group.

             Depending on the nature of the financial instruments, the assessment of a significant increase in
             credit risk is performed on either an individual basis or a collective basis. When the assessment is
             performed on a collective basis, the financial instruments are grouped based on shared credit risk
             characteristics, such as past due status and credit risk ratings.




                                                                                           Annual Report 2024            103
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    2     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

          (n)    Credit losses from financial instruments, contract assets and lease receivables (Continued)

                 Significant increases in credit risk (Continued)

                 ECLs are remeasured at each reporting date to reflect changes in the financial instrument’s credit
                 risk since initial recognition. Any change in the ECL amount is recognised as an impairment gain or
                 loss in profit or loss. The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss for all financial instruments
                 with a corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account,
                 except for investments in debt securities that are measured at FVOCI (recycling), for which the loss
                 allowance is recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the fair value reserve
                 (recycling).

                 Basis of calculation of interest income

                 Interest income recognised in accordance with note 2(bb) is calculated based on the gross
                 carrying amount of the financial asset unless the financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case
                 interest income is calculated based on the amortised cost (i.e. the gross carrying amount less loss
                 allowance) of the financial asset.

                 At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether a financial asset is credit-impaired. A financial
                 asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated
                 future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred.

                 Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the following observable events:

                 –      significant financial difficulties of the debtor;

                 –      a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

                 –      it becoming probable that the borrower will enter into bankruptcy or other financial
                        reorganisation;

                 –      significant changes in the technological, market, economic or legal environment that have
                        an adverse effect on the debtor; or

                 –      the disappearance of an active market for a security because of financial difficulties of the
                        issuer.

                 Write-off policy

                 The gross carrying amount of a financial asset, lease receivable or contract asset is written off
                 (either partially or in full) to the extent that there is no realistic prospect of recovery. This is
                 generally the case when the asset becomes 90 days past due or when the Group determines that
                 the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient cash flows to
                 repay the amounts subject to the write-off.

                 Subsequent recoveries of an asset that was previously written off are recognised as a reversal of
                 impairment in profit or loss in the period in which the recovery occurs.




104 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




2     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      (o)    Inventories

             Inventories are assets which are held for sale in the ordinary course of business, in the process of
             production for such sale or in the form of materials or supplies to be consumed in the production
             process or in the rendering of services.

             Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined using the
             weighted average method. The cost of finished goods and work in process comprises raw materials,
             direct labour, other direct costs and related production overheads (based on normal operating
             capacity). It excludes borrowing costs. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the
             ordinary course of business, less applicable variable selling expenses.

             When inventories are sold, the carrying amount of those inventories is recognised as an expense in
             the period in which the related revenue is recognised.

             The amount of any write-down of inventories to net realisable value and all losses of inventories
             are recognised as an expense in the period the write-down or loss occurs. The amount of any
             reversal of any write-down of inventories is recognised as a reduction in the amount of inventories
             recognised as an expense in the period in which the reversal occurs.

             A right to recover returned goods is recognised for the right to recover products from customers
             sold with a right of return. It is measured in accordance with the policy set out in note 2(aa).

      (p)    Contract assets and contract liabilities

             A contract asset is recognised when the Group recognises revenue (see note 2(aa)) before being
             unconditionally entitled to the consideration under the payment terms set out in the contract.
             Contract assets are assessed for ECLs in accordance with the policy set out in note 2(n) and are
             reclassified to receivables when the right to the consideration has become unconditional (see note
             2(q)).

             A contract liability is recognised when the customer pays consideration before the Group
             recognises the related revenue (see note 2(aa)). A contract liability would also be recognised if the
             Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration before the Group recognises the related
             revenue. In such cases, a corresponding receivable would also be recognised (see note 2(q)).

             For a single contract with the customer, either a net contract asset or a net contract liability is
             presented. For multiple contracts, contract assets and contract liabilities of unrelated contracts are
             not presented on a net basis.

             When the contract includes a significant financing component, the contract balance includes
             interest accrued under the effective interest method (see note 2(bb)).




                                                                                         Annual Report 2024           105
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    2     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

          (q)    Trade and other receivables

                 A receivable is recognised when the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration.
                 A right to receive consideration is unconditional if only the passage of time is required before
                 payment of that consideration is due. If revenue has been recognised before the Group has an
                 unconditional right to receive consideration, the amount is presented as a contract asset (see note
                 2(p)).

                 Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component are initially measured
                 at their transaction price. Trade receivables that contain a significant financing component and
                 other receivables are initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs. All receivables are
                 subsequently stated at amortised cost, using the effective interest method and including an
                 allowance for credit losses (see note 2(n)).

          (r)    Cash and cash equivalents

                 Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, deposits held at call with banks, other short-term
                 highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less. Cash and cash equivalents
                 are assessed for ECLs in accordance with the policy set out in note 2(n).

          (s)    Share capital

                 Ordinary shares are classified as equity.

                 Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity as
                 a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.

                 Where any group company purchases the Company’s equity share capital (treasury shares), the
                 consideration paid, including any directly attributable incremental costs (net of income taxes) is
                 deducted from equity attributable to owners of the Company until the shares are cancelled or
                 reissued. Where such ordinary shares are subsequently reissued, any consideration received, net
                 of any directly attributable incremental transaction costs and the related income tax effects, is
                 included in equity attributable to the Company’s equity holders.

          (t)    Trade and other payables (other than refund liabilities)

                 Trade payables are obligations to pay for goods or services that have been acquired in the ordinary
                 course of business from suppliers. Trade and other payables are classified as current liabilities if
                 payment is due within one year or less. If not, they are presented as non-current liabilities.

                 Trade and other payables are recognised initially at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition,
                 trade and other payables are stated at amortised cost unless the effect of discounting would be
                 immaterial, in which case they are stated at invoice amounts.

                 Refund liabilities arising from rights of returns and volume rebates are recognised in accordance
                 with the policy set out in note 2(aa).




106 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




2     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      (u)    Borrowings

             Borrowings are measured initially at fair value less transaction costs. Borrowings are subsequently
             stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Interest expense is recognised in
             accordance with the Group’s accounting policy for borrowing costs (see note 2(v)).

             Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are recognised as transaction costs of the loan to
             the extent that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down. In this case, the
             fee is deferred until the draw-down occurs. To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable
             that some or all of the facility will be drawn down, the fee is capitalised as a prepayment for
             liquidity services and amortised over the period of the facility to which it relates.

             Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer
             settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the end of the reporting period.

      (v)    Borrowing costs

             General and specific borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or
             production of qualifying assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time
             to get ready for their intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as
             the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale.

             Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their
             expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

             All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

             Borrowing costs include interest expense and exchange differences arising from foreign currency
             borrowings to the extent that they are regarded as an adjustment to interest costs. The exchange
             gains and losses that are an adjustment to interest costs include the interest rate differential
             between borrowing costs that would be incurred if the entity had borrowed funds in its functional
             currency, and the borrowing costs actually incurred on foreign currency borrowings. Such amounts
             are estimated based on interest rates on similar borrowings in the entity’s functional currency.

             When the construction of the qualifying assets takes more than one accounting period, the amount
             of foreign exchange differences eligible for capitalisation is determined for each annual period
             and are limited to the difference between the hypothetical interest amount for the functional
             currency borrowings and the actual interest incurred for foreign currency borrowings. Foreign
             exchange differences that did not meet the criteria for capitalisation in previous years should not be
             capitalised in subsequent years.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2024           107
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    2     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

          (w)    Current and deferred income tax

                 The tax expense for the period comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the
                 consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, except to the extent that
                 it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case the
                 tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.

                 (i)    Current income tax

                        The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or
                        substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period in the places where the Company
                        and its subsidiaries operate and generate taxable income. Management periodically evaluates
                        positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is
                        subject to interpretation. It establishes provisions where appropriate on the basis of amounts
                        expected to be paid to the tax authorities.

                 (ii)   Deferred income tax

                        –      Inside basis differences

                               Deferred income tax is recognised, using the liability method, on temporary
                               differences arising between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying
                               amounts in the consolidated financial statements. However, deferred tax liabilities
                               are not recognised if they arise from the initial recognition of goodwill, the deferred
                               income tax is not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or
                               liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the
                               transaction affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss. Deferred income
                               tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantively
                               enacted by the end of the reporting period and are expected to apply when the
                               related deferred income tax asset is realised or the deferred income tax liability is
                               settled.

                               Deferred income tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that
                               future taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be
                               utilised.

                        –      Outside basis differences

                               Deferred income tax liabilities are provided on taxable temporary differences arising
                               from investments in subsidiaries, except for deferred income tax liability where the
                               timing of the reversal of the temporary difference is controlled by the Group and it is
                               probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

                               Deferred income tax assets are recognised on deductible temporary differences arising
                               from investments in subsidiaries only to the extent that it is probable the temporary
                               difference will reverse in the future and there is sufficient taxable profit available
                               against which the temporary difference can be utilised.




108 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




2     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      (w)    Current and deferred income tax (Continued)

             (iii)   Offsetting

                     Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right
                     to offset current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when the deferred income tax
                     assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either
                     the taxable entity or different taxable entities where there is an intention to settle the
                     balances on a net basis.

      (x)    Employee benefits

             (i)     Pension obligations

                     Group companies operate various pension schemes. The schemes are generally funded
                     through payments to insurance companies or trustee-administered funds, determined by
                     periodic actuarial calculations. The Group has both defined contribution and defined benefit
                     plans.

                     –      Defined contribution plan

                            A defined contribution plan is a pension plan under which the Group pays fixed
                            contributions into a separate entity. The Group has no legal or constructive
                            obligations to pay further contributions if the fund does not hold sufficient assets to
                            pay all employees the benefits relating to employee service in the current and prior
                            periods.

                            The Group pays contributions to publicly or privately administered pension insurance
                            plans on a mandatory, contractual or voluntary basis. The Group has no further
                            payment obligations once the contributions have been paid. The contributions are
                            recognised as employee benefit expense when they are due. Prepaid contributions are
                            recognised as an asset to the extent that a cash refund or a reduction in the future
                            payments is available.

                            The Group has arranged for its Hong Kong employees to join the Hong Kong
                            Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (the “MPF Scheme”), a defined contribution
                            scheme managed by an independent trustee. Under the MPF Scheme, the Group
                            and its Hong Kong employees make monthly contributions to the scheme at 5% of
                            the employees’ earnings as defined under the Mandatory Provident Fund legislation,
                            subject to a cap of HK$1,500 per person per month and any excess contributions are
                            voluntary.

                            Contributions to the plan vest immediately, there is no forfeited contributions that
                            may be used by the Group to reduce the existing level of contribution. The Group has
                            no further obligations for post-retirement benefit beyond the contributions.




                                                                                          Annual Report 2024           109
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    2     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

          (x)    Employee benefits (Continued)

                 (i)    Pension obligations (Continued)

                        –      Defined contribution plan (Continued)

                               As stipulated by the rules and regulations in the PRC, the Group has participated
                               in state-sponsored defined contribution retirement schemes for its employees in
                               the PRC. The Group’s employees make monthly contributions to the schemes at
                               approximately 8% of the relevant income (comprising wages, salaries, allowances
                               and bonus, and subject to a cap), while the Group contributes approximately 16%
                               of such income and has no further obligations for the actual payment of post-
                               retirement benefits beyond the contributions. The state-sponsored retirement plans
                               are responsible for the entire pension obligations payable to retired employees.

                        –      Post-employment benefits

                               Some group companies provide post-employment benefits to their employees. The
                               entitlement to these benefits is usually conditional on the employee remaining in
                               service up to retirement age and the completion of a minimum service period.

                               The liability recognised in the financial position in respect of post-employment
                               benefits is the present value of these benefits obligations at the end of the reporting
                               period less the fair value of plan assets, together with adjustments for unrecognised
                               past service costs. These obligations are calculated annually by independent actuaries
                               using the projected unit credit method. The present value of these obligations is
                               determined by discounting the estimated future cash outflows using interest rates
                               of high-quality corporate bonds that are denominated in the currency in which the
                               benefits will be paid, and that have terms to maturity approximating to the terms of
                               the related benefit obligation. In countries where there is no deep market in such
                               bonds, the market rates on government bonds are used.

                               The current service cost of the defined benefit plan, recognised in profit or loss in
                               employee benefit expense, except where included in the cost of an asset, reflects the
                               increase in the defined benefit obligation results from employee service in the current
                               year, benefit changes, curtailments and settlements.

                               Past-service costs are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

                               The net interest cost is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net balance of
                               the defined benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets. This cost is included
                               in employee benefit expense in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
                               comprehensive income.

                               Remeasurement arising from experience adjustments and changes in actuarial
                               assumptions are charged or credited to equity in other comprehensive income in the
                               period in which they arise.




110 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




2     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      (x)    Employee benefits (Continued)

             (i)    Pension obligations (Continued)

                    –      Post-employment benefits (Continued)

                           For defined contribution plans, the Group pays contributions to publicly or privately
                           administered pension insurance plans on a mandatory, contractual or voluntary basis.
                           The Group has no further payment obligations once the contributions have been
                           paid. The contributions are recognised as employee benefit expense when they are
                           due. Prepaid contributions are recognised as an asset to the extent that a cash refund
                           or a reduction in the future payments is available.

             (ii)   Share-based compensation

                    –      Equity-settled share-based payment transactions

                           The Group operates an equity-settled, share-based compensation plan, under which
                           the entity receives services from employees as consideration for equity instruments
                           (options) of the Group. The fair value of the employee services received in exchange
                           for the grant of the options is recognised as an expense. The total amount to be
                           expensed is determined by reference to the fair value of the options granted:

                           •      including any market performance conditions (for example, an entity’s share
                                  price);

                           •      excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting
                                  conditions (for example, profitability, sales growth targets and remaining an
                                  employee of the entity over a specified time period); and

                           •      including the impact of any non-vesting conditions (for example, the
                                  requirement for employees to save or holding shares for a specified period of
                                  time).

                           At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of
                           options that are expected to vest based on the non-market performance and service
                           conditions. It recognises the impact of the revision to original estimates, if any, in
                           profit or loss, with a corresponding adjustment to equity.

                           In addition, in some circumstances employees may provide services in advance of the
                           grant date and therefore the grant date fair value is estimated for the purposes of
                           recognising the expense during the period between service commencement period
                           and grant date.

                           When the options are exercised, the Company issues new shares. The proceeds
                           received net of any directly attributable transaction costs are credited to share capital
                           (nominal value) and share premium.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2024            111
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    2     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

          (x)    Employee benefits (Continued)

                 (ii)    Share-based compensation (Continued)

                         –      Share-based payment transactions among group entities

                                The grant by the Company of options over its equity instruments to the employees
                                of subsidiary undertakings in the Group is treated as a capital contribution. The fair
                                value of employee services received, measured by reference to the grant date fair
                                value, is recognised over the vesting period as an increase to investment in subsidiary
                                undertakings, with a corresponding credit to equity in the parent entity accounts.

                 (iii)   Employee leave entitlements

                         Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognised when they are accrued to employees.
                         A provision is made for the estimated liability for annual leave as a result of service rendered
                         by employees up to the end of the reporting period.

                         Employee entitlements to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time of
                         leave.

                 (iv)    Bonus plan

                         The Group recognises a provision for bonuses where contractually obliged or where there is
                         a past practice that has created a constructive obligation.

          (y)    Provisions, contingent liabilities and onerous contracts

                 (i)     Provisions and contingent liabilities

                         Provisions are recognised when the Group has a legal or constructive obligation arising as a
                         result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to
                         settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made. Where the time value of money is
                         material, provisions are stated at the present value of the expenditure expected to settle the
                         obligation.

                         Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the
                         amount cannot be estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability,
                         unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote. Possible obligations,
                         whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more
                         future events are also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the probability of outflow of
                         economic benefits is remote.

                         Where some or all of the expenditure required to settle a provision is expected to be
                         reimbursed by another party, a separate asset is recognised for any expected reimbursement
                         that would be virtually certain. The amount recognised for the reimbursement is limited to
                         the carrying amount of the provision.




112 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




2     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      (y)    Provisions, contingent liabilities and onerous contracts (Continued)

             (ii)   Onerous contracts

                    An onerous contract exists when the Group has a contract under which the unavoidable
                    costs of meeting the obligations under the contract exceed the economic benefits expected
                    to be received from the contract. Provisions for onerous contracts are measured at the
                    present value of the lower of the expected cost of terminating the contract and the net cost
                    of fulfilling the contract. The cost of fulfilling the contract includes both the incremental
                    costs of fulfilling that contract and an allocation of other costs that relate directly to
                    fulfilling that contract.

      (z)    Government grants

             Government grants in the form of subsidy or financial refund are recognised when there is a
             reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the conditions attached to the grants and
             that the grants will be received.

             Grants relating to costs are deferred and recognised in profit or loss over the period necessary to
             match them with the costs that they are intended to compensate.

             Grants relating to assets are presented in the statement of financial position by setting up the grant
             as deferred revenue and recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the useful life of the
             asset.

      (aa)   Revenue

             Income is classified by the Group as revenue when it arises from the sale of goods, the provision
             of services or the use by others of the Group’s assets under leases in the ordinary course of the
             Group’s business.

             The Group is the principal for its revenue transactions and recognises revenue on a gross basis. In
             determining whether the Group acts as a principal or as an agent, it considers whether it obtains
             control of the products or the services before they are transferred to the customers. Control refers
             to the Group’s ability to direct the use of and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits
             from the products.

             Further details of the Group’s revenue and other income recognition policies are as follows:

             Revenue is recognised when control over a product or service is transferred to the customer, at the
             amount of promised consideration to which the Group is expected to be entitled, excluding those
             amounts collected on behalf of third parties such as value added tax or other sales taxes.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2024           113
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    2     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

          (aa)   Revenue (Continued)

                 –      Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised when the customer takes possession of and
                        accepts the products. Payment terms and conditions vary by customers and are based on
                        the billing schedule established in the contracts or purchase orders with customers, but
                        the Group generally provides credit terms to customers within one to three months upon
                        customer acceptance. The Group takes advantage of the practical expedient in paragraph 63
                        of HKFRS 15 and does not adjust the consideration for any effects of a significant financing
                        component if the period of financing is 12 months or less.

                 –      Rental income is recognised on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases; and

                 –      Services income is recognised over time in the accounting period in which the services are
                        rendered, by reference to stage of completion of the specific transaction and assessed on
                        the basis of actual services provided as a proportion of the total service to be provided.

          (bb)   Interest income

                 Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method. For financial assets measured
                 at amortised cost or FVOCI (recycling) that are not credit-impaired, the effective interest rate is
                 applied to the gross carrying amount of the asset. For credit-impaired financial assets, the effective
                 interest rate is applied to the amortised cost (i.e. gross carrying amount net of loss allowance) of
                 the asset (see note 2(n)).

          (cc)   Dividend income

                 Dividend income is recognised when the right to receive payment is established.

          (dd)   Dividend distributions

                 Dividend distribution to the Company’s shareholders is recognised as a liability in the Group’s
                 and the Company’s financial statements in the period in which the dividends are approved by the
                 Company’s shareholders.

          (ee)   Related parties

                 (a)    A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person:

                        (i)     has control or joint control over the Group;

                        (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or

                        (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group’s parent.




114 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




2     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      (ee)   Related parties (Continued)

             (b)    An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:

                    (i)      The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each
                             parent, subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).

                    (ii)     One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint
                             venture of a member of a group of which the other entity is a member).

                    (iii)    Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.

                    (iv)     One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of
                             the third entity.

                    (v)      The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either
                             the Group or an entity related to the Group.

                    (vi)     The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a).

                    (vii)    A person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of
                             the key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).

                    (viii)   The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management
                             personnel services to the Group or to the Group’s parent.

             Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to
             influence, or be influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.

3     ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND ESTIMATES

      Estimates and judgments are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and
      other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the
      circumstances.

      The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. As the future is inherently uncertain,
      actual results may differ from these estimates. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk
      of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial
      year are discussed below.

      (a)    Impairment of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets

             Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events
             or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable or for its
             assets that were not yet available for use. The recoverable amounts have been determined based
             on value-in-use calculations or market valuations. These calculations require the use of judgments
             and estimates.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024         115
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    3     ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND ESTIMATES (Continued)

          (a)    Impairment of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets (Continued)

                 Management judgment is required in the area of asset impairment particularly in assessing:
                 (i) whether an event has occurred that may indicate that the related assets values may not be
                 recoverable; (ii) whether the carrying value of an asset can be supported by the recoverable
                 amount, being the higher of fair value less costs of disposal or net present value of future cash
                 flows which are estimated based upon the continued use of the asset in the business; and (iii) the
                 appropriate key assumptions to be applied in preparing cash flow projections including whether
                 these cash flow projections are discounted using an appropriate rate. Changing the assumptions
                 selected by management in assessing impairment, including the discount rates or the growth
                 rate assumptions in the cash flow projections, could materially affect the net present value in the
                 impairment test and as a result affect the Group’s financial condition and results of operations. If
                 there is a significant adverse change in the projected performance and resulting future cash flow
                 projections, it may be necessary to take an impairment charge to profit or loss.

          (b)    Impairment of trade and other receivables

                 The Group’s management determines the provision for expected credit losses on trade and other
                 receivables based on an assessment of the present value of all expected cash shortfalls. These
                 estimates take into account the aging of the trade receivable balances and the repayment history of
                 the Group’s customers. The Group’s management reassesses the provision at each reporting period
                 end.

          (c)    Impairment of goodwill

                 The Group’s management tests annually whether goodwill has suffered any impairment. In
                 accordance with the accounting policy stated in note 2(k), the recoverable amount of CGUs has
                 been determined based on the higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal.

                 The Group measured the value in use by discounting the future estimated cash flow deriving from
                 the CGUs. These calculations required the Group to estimate the expected future cash flows from
                 the CGUs and also to apply a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those
                 cash flows.

                 There are a number of assumptions and estimates involved in the preparation of cash flow
                 projections for the period covered by the approved budgets. Key assumptions include the
                 growth rates and selection of discount rates to reflect the risks involved. Management prepares
                 the financial budgets reflecting actual and prior year performance and market development
                 expectations. Judgment is required to determine key assumptions adopted in the cash flow
                 projections and changes to key assumptions can significantly affect these cash flow projections and
                 therefore the results of the impairment reviews.

          (d)    Net realisable value of inventories

                 Net realisable value of inventories is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business,
                 less estimated costs of completion and selling expenses. These estimates are based on the current
                 market condition and historical experience of selling products of similar nature. It could change
                 significantly as a result of changes in industry environment and competitor actions. Management
                 reassesses the estimates at each reporting period end.



116 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




4     REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING

      (a)    Revenue

             The Group derives revenue principally from the sale of a wide range of pharmaceutical products,
             which includes finished medicines of mainly intravenous infusion solution and ampoule injection,
             bulk pharmaceutical products and medical materials.

             (i)    Disaggregation of revenue

                    Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by major products or service lines
                    is as follows:

                                                                                      2024                 2023
                                                                                   HK$’000              HK$’000

                    Revenue from contracts with customers
                      within the scope of HKFRS 15
                    Disaggregation by major products or service lines
                    – Sales of pharmaceutical products                           5,548,885            6,258,527
                    – Sales of medical materials                                   185,013              158,745
                    – Services income                                               10,700               13,848
                    – Sales of raw materials and by-products                        28,533               31,773

                                                                                 5,773,131            6,462,893
                    Revenue from other source
                    – Rental income                                                     120                  116

                                                                                 5,773,251            6,463,009

                    Disaggregated by geographical location of
                      customers
                    – The PRC (place of domicile)                                5,048,646            5,801,367
                    – Other countries                                              724,605              661,642

                                                                                 5,773,251            6,463,009

                    Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by the timing of revenue
                    recognition is disclosed in note 4(b).

                    The directors have determined that no geographical segment information of specified non-
                    current assets is presented as over 95% (2023: 95%) of the non-current assets of the Group
                    are located in the PRC, which is considered as one geographic location with similar risks and
                    returns.

                    For the year ended 31 December 2024, no customer with whom transactions have exceeded
                    10% of the Group’s revenue. Details of concentrations of credit risk arising from the
                    Group’s largest customers are set out in note 28(a).




                                                                                       Annual Report 2024           117
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    4     REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING (Continued)

          (b)    Segment reporting

                 The Group manages its businesses by divisions, which are organised by a mixture of both business
                 lines and geography. In a manner consistent with the way in which information is reported
                 internally to the Group’s most senior executive management for the purposes of resource
                 allocation and performance assessment, the Group has identified two reportable segments, namely
                 intravenous infusion solution and others and medical materials. No operating segments have been
                 aggregated to form the reportable segments.

                 For the purposes of assessing segment performance and allocating resources between segments,
                 the Group’s senior executive management monitors the results, assets and liabilities attributable to
                 each reportable segment on the following bases:

                 Segment assets include all tangible, intangible assets and current assets. Unallocated assets mainly
                 comprise corporate cash. Segment liabilities include operating liabilities. Unallocated liabilities
                 mainly comprise corporate borrowings.

                 Revenue and expenses are allocated to the reportable segments with reference to revenue
                 generated by those segments and the expenses incurred by those segments or which otherwise
                 arise from the depreciation or amortisation of assets attributable to those segments.

                 The measure used for reporting segment profit is profit from operations.




118 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




4     REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING (Continued)

      (b)    Segment reporting (Continued)

             Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by the timing of revenue recognition, as
             well as information regarding the Group’s reportable segments as provided to the Group’s most
             senior executive management for the purposes of resource allocation and assessment of segment
             performance for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023 is set out below.

                                                                           2024
                                                 Intravenous
                                                     infusion
                                                     solution       Medical
                                                  and others       materials      Unallocated          Total
                                                     HK$’000        HK$'000          HK$’000         HK$’000
             Disaggregated by timing of
               revenue recognition
             Point in time                         5,584,717        188,037                 –      5,772,754
             Over time                                   377            120                 –            497

             Revenue from external
                customers                          5,585,094        188,157                 –      5,773,251
             Inter-segment revenue                         –        216,908                 –        216,908

             Reportable segment revenue            5,585,094        405,065                 –      5,990,159

             Operating profit or loss/
                segment results                    1,345,740         18,843           (21,083)     1,343,500
             Finance income                           37,607            542               342         38,491
             Finance costs                           (66,382)             –           (60,499)      (126,881)
             Share of profit of an associate          26,493              –                 –         26,493

             Profit/(loss) before taxation         1,343,458         19,385           (81,240)     1,281,603
             Income tax                             (196,287)        (9,708)                –       (205,995)

             Reportable segment profit/
               (loss) for the year                 1,147,171          9,677           (81,240)     1,075,608

             Depreciation and amortisation
               for the year                          433,583         19,783             2,285        455,651
             Provision for/(reversal of)
               impairment of receivables                7,013          (521)                –          6,492
             Impairment of internally
               generated capitalised
               development costs                      16,304               –                –         16,304
             Impairment of goodwill                   10,609               –                –         10,609

             Total assets/reportable
               segment assets (including
               interests in an associate)         11,979,257        546,603            77,820     12,603,680
             Additions to non-current assets       1,413,854         50,097              102       1,464,053
             Total liabilities/reportable
               segment liabilities                 3,980,629         48,721         1,038,680      5,068,030




                                                                                     Annual Report 2024         119
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    4     REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING (Continued)

          (b)    Segment reporting (Continued)

                                                                            2023
                                                      Intravenous
                                                          infusion
                                                          solution    Medical
                                                       and others    materials     Unallocated        Total
                                                         HK$’000     HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000
                 Disaggregated by timing of
                   revenue recognition
                 Point in time                         6,295,630     161,513                –     6,457,143
                 Over time                                 5,750         116                –         5,866

                 Revenue from external
                    customers                          6,301,380     161,629                –     6,463,009
                 Inter-segment revenue                         –     225,824                –       225,824

                 Reportable segment revenue            6,301,380     387,453                –     6,688,833

                 Operating profit or loss/
                    segment results                    1,641,613      17,651          (20,363)    1,638,901
                 Finance income                           34,677         605            4,189        39,471
                 Finance costs                           (64,427)          –          (60,986)     (125,413)
                 Share of profit of an associate          30,610           –                –        30,610

                 Profit/(loss) before taxation         1,642,473      18,256          (77,160)    1,583,569
                 Income tax                             (247,585)     (6,696)               –      (254,281)

                 Reportable segment profit/
                   (loss) for the year                 1,394,888      11,560          (77,160)    1,329,288

                 Depreciation and amortisation
                   for the year                          383,086      20,108            2,380      405,574
                 Reversal of impairment of
                   receivables                               (577)       (583)              –        (1,160)
                 Impairment and write-off
                   of internally generated
                   capitalised development costs          10,617            –               –       10,617
                 Total assets/reportable
                   segment assets (including
                   interests in an associate)         11,323,223     522,535          120,578    11,966,336
                 Additions to non-current assets       1,160,123      38,537            6,583     1,205,243
                 Total liabilities/reportable
                   segment liabilities                 3,596,223      48,040        1,053,381     4,697,644




120 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




5     OTHER NET INCOME

                                                                                2024               2023
                                                                             HK$’000            HK$’000

      Government grants                                                      126,258             106,829
      Additional deduction of input Value-added tax                           34,990              31,226
      Net gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment                    1,124                 798
      Unrealised loss on trading securities (note 15)                        (10,479)                  –
      Others                                                                   9,050               9,909

                                                                             160,943             148,762

      Government grants mainly represent subsidy income received from various government organisations to
      compensate the Group’s research and development expenditures, and other incentives to support the
      operations of the Group.

6     PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION

      Profit before taxation is arrived at after (crediting)/charging:

      (a)    Finance income and costs

                                                                                2024               2023
                                                                             HK$’000            HK$’000

             Finance income:
             – Interest income on bank deposits                               (29,546)           (33,924)
             – Net foreign exchange gain                                       (8,945)            (5,547)

             Finance income                                                   (38,491)           (39,471)

             Finance costs:
             – Interest expense of borrowings                                126,679             125,165
             – Interest on lease liabilities                                     202                 248

             Finance costs                                                   126,881             125,413

             Finance costs – net                                               88,390             85,942




                                                                                 Annual Report 2024         121
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    6     PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION (Continued)

          (b)    Staff costs

                                                                                               2024                   2023
                                                                                            HK$’000                HK$’000

                 Contributions to defined contribution retirement plan                        65,836                55,813
                 Salaries, wages and other benefits                                          708,999               661,218

                                                                                             774,835               717,031

          (c)    Other items

                                                                                               2024                   2023
                                                                                            HK$’000                HK$’000

                 Research and development costs                                              466,925               471,076
                 Less: Costs capitalised into intangible assets                             (200,956)             (181,328)
                                                                                                        •




                                                                                             265,969               289,748

                 Amortisation #
                 – intangible assets (note 12)                                                64,704                 43,614
                 Less: Amount capitalised as development costs                                   (82)                   (66)

                                                                                              64,622                 43,548

                 Depreciation charges #
                 – owned property, plant and equipment                                       395,067               365,096
                 – right-of-use assets                                                        11,672                10,673
                 Less: Amount capitalised as property, plant and
                          equipment and development costs                                    (15,710)               (13,743)

                                                                                             391,029               362,026

                 Provision for/(reversal of) impairment losses
                 – trade receivables (note 17)                                                 6,181                (1,211)
                 – other receivables                                                             311                    51
                 Auditors’ remuneration – audit services                                       3,297                 2,996
                 Cost of inventories # (note 16(b))                                        2,860,353             2,878,283

                 Other expenses
                 – transportation expenses                                                   309,435               344,826
                 – utility expenses                                                          344,285               462,144
                 – advertising expenses                                                      172,777               259,116
                 – marketing and promotion service expenses                                  477,407               758,138
                 – travelling, meeting and entertainment expenses                             77,569                72,420
                 – surcharges and other tax expenses                                          66,017                67,124
                 #
                        Cost of inventories includes HK$710,687,000 (2023: HK$640,886,000) relating to staff costs,
                        depreciation and amortisation expenses, which amount is also included in the respective total amounts
                        disclosed separately above or in note 6(b) for each of these types of expenses.



122 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




7     INCOME TAX

      (a)    Taxation in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
             represents:

                                                                                      2024                  2023
                                                                                   HK$’000               HK$’000

             Current tax – the PRC Corporate Income Tax (“CIT”)                     222,463              264,184
             Deferred tax – origination and reversal of temporary
               differences                                                          (16,468)               (9,903)

                                                                                    205,995              254,281

             The Company is incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company and, accordingly, is
             exempted from payment of the Cayman Islands income tax.

             No provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax has been made for the years ended 31 December 2024 and
             2023 as the Group did not have any profits assessable to Hong Kong Profits Tax during the current
             and prior years.

             Shijiazhuang No. 4 Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Shijiazhuang No.4”), Jiangsu Best New Medical
             Material Co., Ltd. (“Jiangsu Best”), Hebei Guangxiang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Hebei
             Guangxiang”), Cangzhou Lingang Youyi Chemical Co., Ltd. (“Youyi Chemical”) and Hebei Guolong
             Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. have been certified as High and New Technology Enterprises (“HNTE”) in
             2024, 2023, 2023, 2022 and 2023, respectively. According to the tax incentives rules of the CIT
             Law of the PRC (the “CIT Law”) for HNTE, these entities are subject to a reduced corporate income
             tax rate of 15% for three years. According to the PRC income tax law and its relevant regulations,
             an additional 100% of qualified research and development expenses incurred is allowed to be
             deducted from taxable income.

             All other subsidiaries of the Company established and operated in the PRC are subject to the PRC
             CIT at an applicable rate of 25%.

             The CIT Law and its relevant regulations also impose a withholding tax at 10% on the foreign
             investors with respect to dividend distributions made out of the PRC entities from earnings
             accumulated from 1 January 2008, unless the foreign investors meet certain requirements specified
             in the relevant tax regulations in the PRC and accordingly are entitled to a preferential rate of 5%.
             Deferred tax liabilities have been provided for in this regard based on the expected dividends to
             be distributed from the Group’s PRC subsidiaries in the foreseeable future in respect of the profits
             generated since 1 January 2008.




                                                                                        Annual Report 2024           123
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    7     INCOME TAX (Continued)

          (b)    Reconciliation between tax expense and accounting profit at applicable tax rates:

                                                                                   2024                  2023
                                                                                HK$’000               HK$’000

                 Profit before taxation                                        1,281,603             1,583,569

                 Notional tax on profit before taxation, calculated at the
                   rates applicable to profits in the countries concerned        325,994               401,989
                 Effect of the PRC preferential tax rates                       (133,614)             (161,980)
                 Effect of non-deductible expenses                                21,658                17,400
                 Additional deduction of research and development
                   expenditures                                                  (37,116)              (36,324)
                 Withholding tax on profit distributions                          34,088                32,914
                 Others                                                           (5,015)                  282

                 Actual tax expense                                              205,995              254,281




124 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




8     DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS

      Directors’ emoluments disclosed pursuant to section 383(1) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and
      Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation are as follows:

                                                                                          2024
                                                                                                   Estimated
                                                                                                 money value       Retirement
                                                      Directors’              Discretionary          of other          scheme
      Name                                                 fees    Salaries        bonuses        benefits (a)   contributions     Total
                                                       HK$’000     HK$’000         HK$’000           HK$’000          HK$’000    HK$’000

      Executive directors

      Mr. Qu Jiguang                                          –      6,690           9,000                  –               –     15,690
      Mr. Su Xuejun                                           –      1,457             263                 45              59      1,824
      Mr. Meng Guo                                            –      1,075             137                 45              59      1,316
      Mr. Chow Hing Yeung                                     –      1,197               –                  –              18      1,215
      Ms. Qu Wanrong (Appointed on 28 August 2024)            –        372               –                  –              18        390

      Independent non-executive directors

      Mr. Wang Yibing                                       228           –               –                  –               –       228
      Mr. Chow Kwok Wai                                     228           –               –                  –               –       228
      Mr. Jiang Guangce                                     228           –               –                  –               –       228

      Non-executive director

      Mr. Liu Wenjun (Appointed on 19 January 2024)         217           –               –                  –               –       217

                                                            901     10,791           9,400                 90             154     21,336




                                                                                                             Annual Report 2024            125
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    8     DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS (Continued)

                                                                                                 2023
                                                                                                          Estimated
                                                                                                        money value       Retirement
                                                            Directors’               Discretionary          of other          scheme
          Name                                                    fees    Salaries        bonuses        benefits (a)   contributions      Total
                                                             HK$’000     HK$’000         HK$’000           HK$’000          HK$’000     HK$’000

          Executive directors

          Mr. Qu Jiguang                                            –       6,690               –                  –               –      6,690
          Mr. Su Xuejun                                             –       1,317             249                 92              58      1,716
          Mr. Meng Guo                                              –         982             126                 58              58      1,224
          Mr. Chow Hing Yeung                                       –       1,082               –                  –              18      1,100

          Independent non-executive directors

          Mr. Wang Yibing                                         228           –               –                  –               –        228
          Mr. Leung Chong Shun (Retired on 19 May 2023)            95           –               –                  –               –         95
          Mr. Chow Kwok Wai                                       228           –               –                  –               –        228
          Mr. Jiang Guangce (Appointed on 1 January 2023)         228           –               –                  –               –        228

          Non-executive director

          Mr. Feng Hao (Resigned on 1 November 2023)              190           –               –                  –               –        190

                                                                  969     10,071              375                150             134     11,699

          (a)        Other benefits include leave pay and medical insurance, etc.

          (b)        On 19 January 2024, Mr. Liu Wenjun was appointed as a non-executive director of the Group, with
                     effect from 19 January 2024.

          (c)        On 28 August 2024, Ms. Qu Wanrong was appointed as an executive director of the Group, with
                     effect from 28 August 2024.




126 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




9     INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS

      Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments, four (2023: four) are directors whose emoluments are
      disclosed in note 8. The aggregate of the emoluments in respect of the other one (2023: one) individual
      are as follows:

                                                                                    2024                 2023
                                                                                 HK$’000              HK$’000

      Salaries and other benefits                                                   1,007                  925
      Discretionary bonuses                                                           230                  225
      Retirement scheme contributions                                                  41                   40

                                                                                    1,278                1,190

      The emoluments of the one (2023: one) individual with the highest emoluments are within the following
      bands:

                                                                                    2024                  2023
                                                                              Number of             Number of
                                                                              individuals           individuals

      Nil – HK$1,000,000                                                                 –                   –
      HK$1,000,001 – HK$1,500,000                                                        1                   1




                                                                                      Annual Report 2024          127
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    10    EARNINGS PER SHARE

          (a)    Basic earnings per share

                 The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on the profit attributable to ordinary equity
                 shareholders of the Company of HK$1,061,150,000 (2023: HK$1,318,616,000) and the weighted
                 average of 2,962,512,000 ordinary shares (2023: 2,969,386,000 ordinary shares) in issue during
                 the year, calculated as follows:

                 Weighted average number of ordinary shares

                                                                                           2024                2023
                                                                                           ’000                ’000

                 Issued ordinary shares at 1 January                                 2,965,743            2,972,683
                 Effect of purchase and cancellation of own shares
                    (note 27(c)(ii))                                                     (3,231)              (3,297)

                 Weighted average number of ordinary shares
                  at 31 December                                                     2,962,512            2,969,386

          (b)    Diluted earnings per share

                 The calculation of diluted earnings per share is based on the profit attributable to ordinary equity
                 shareholders of the Company of HK$1,061,150,000 (2023: HK$1,318,616,000) and the weighted
                 average of 2,963,122,000 ordinary shares (2023: 2,978,999,000 ordinary shares) after adjusting
                 the effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares under the Company’s share option scheme,
                 calculated as follows:

                 Weighted average number of ordinary shares (diluted)

                                                                                           2024                2023
                                                                                           ’000                ’000

                 Weighted average number of ordinary shares
                   at 31 December (basic)                                            2,962,512            2,969,386
                 Effect of deemed issue of shares under the Company’s
                   share option scheme                                                      610                9,613

                 Weighted average number of ordinary shares
                  at 31 December (diluted)                                           2,963,122            2,978,999




128 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




11    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND RIGHT-OF USE ASSETS

      (a)    Reconciliation of carrying amount

                                                                 Furniture,
                                                                  fixtures,
                                                       Plant,        office
                                                   machinery    equipment              Construction-                 Right-of-
                                       Buildings   and tools    and others    Vehicles in-progress     Sub-total    use assets      Total
                                        HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000    HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000

             Cost:

             1 January 2023            2,674,717   2,571,532       402,771     60,816       809,262    6,519,098      373,859    6,892,957

             Transfers                  571,919      302,992        36,164           –     (911,075)          –             –            –
             Additions                   25,118      171,654        17,620       9,420      664,511     888,323        98,179      986,502
             Disposals                        –      (26,245)       (8,049)     (7,061)           –     (41,355)       (3,089)     (44,444)
             Exchange adjustments       (40,660)     (39,048)       (5,960)       (782)     (10,169)    (96,619)       (5,714)    (102,333)

             31 December 2023 and
               1 January 2024          3,231,094   2,980,885       442,546     62,393       552,529    7,269,447      463,235    7,732,682

             Transfers                  185,889      214,512         5,229          –      (405,630)           –            –            –
             Additions                   12,877      261,045        16,841      9,485       902,283    1,202,531       27,278    1,229,809
             Disposals                        –      (46,471)       (9,035)    (1,451)          (12)     (56,969)           –      (56,969)
             Exchange adjustments       (73,717)     (69,629)       (8,580)    (1,394)      (19,242)    (172,562)      (9,987)    (182,549)

             At 31 December 2024       3,356,143   3,340,342       447,001     69,033     1,029,928    8,242,447      480,526    8,722,973




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024                    129
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    11    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND RIGHT-OF USE ASSETS (Continued)

          (a)    Reconciliation of carrying amount (Continued)

                                                                            Furniture,
                                                                             fixtures,
                                                                 Plant,         office
                                                             machinery     equipment              Construction-                  Right-of-
                                                Buildings    and tools     and others    Vehicles in-progress      Sub-total    use assets       Total
                                                 HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000    HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000

                 Accumulated amortisation and
                  depreciation:

                 1 January 2023                  (712,724)   (1,294,457)     (258,231)   (39,467)            –    (2,304,879)     (71,232)   (2,376,111)

                 Charge for the year             (125,796)    (198,446)       (35,397)     (5,457)           –     (365,096)      (10,673)    (375,769)
                 Written back on disposals              –       20,262          7,270       6,321            –       33,853         3,089       36,942
                 Exchange adjustments              10,811       19,303          3,852         459            –       34,425           943       35,368

                 31 December 2023 and
                   1 January 2024               (827,709)    (1,453,338)     (282,506)   (38,144)            –    (2,601,697)     (77,873)   (2,679,570)

                 Charge for the year            (136,390)     (216,511)       (36,578)    (5,588)            –     (395,067)      (11,672)    (406,739)
                 Written back on disposals             –        34,084          7,992        955             –       43,031             –       43,031
                 Exchange adjustments             17,853        34,145          7,212        840             –       60,050         1,599       61,649

                 At 31 December 2024            (946,246)    (1,601,620)     (303,880)   (41,937)            –    (2,893,683)     (87,946)   (2,981,629)

                 Net book value:

                 At 31 December 2024            2,409,897    1,738,722        143,121     27,096     1,029,928    5,348,764       392,580    5,741,344

                 At 31 December 2023            2,403,385    1,527,547        160,040     24,249       552,529    4,667,750       385,362    5,053,112

                 As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s right-of-use assets with a carrying amount of
                 HK$47,229,000 were pledged as collateral for the Group’s bank borrowings.

                 As at 31 December 2024, no right-of-use asset was pledged as collateral (see note 21).




130 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




11    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND RIGHT-OF USE ASSETS (Continued)

      (b)    Right-of-use assets

             The analysis of the net book value of right-of-use assets by class of underlying asset is as follows:

                                                                                         2024                     2023
                                                                     Note             HK$’000                  HK$’000

             Properties leased for own use, carried at
               depreciated cost                                       (i)                3,734                   5,975
             Land use rights, carried at depreciated cost             (ii)             388,846                 379,387

                                                                                       392,580                 385,362

             The analysis of expense items in relation to leases recognised in profit or loss is as follows:

                                                                                         2024                     2023
                                                                                      HK$’000                  HK$’000

             Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets by class of
               underlying asset:
               Properties leased for own use, carried at depreciated
                 cost                                                                     2,240                  2,312
               Land use rights, carried at depreciated cost                               9,432                  8,361

                                                                                        11,672                  10,673

             Interest on lease liabilities (note 6(a))                                      202                    248
             Expense relating to short-term leases                                        3,226                  2,174

             Details of total cash outflow for leases and the maturity analysis of lease liabilities are set out in
             notes 20(d) and 24, respectively.




                                                                                           Annual Report 2024            131
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    11    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND RIGHT-OF USE ASSETS (Continued)

          (b)    Right-of-use assets (Continued)

                 (i)    Properties leased for own use, carried at depreciated cost

                        The Group leases office premises under leases expiring from 1 to 3 years. None of the leases
                        include an option to renew the lease when all terms are renegotiated or variable lease
                        payments.

                 (ii)   Land use rights

                        Land use rights are located in Hebei Province and Jiangsu Province, the PRC, and are held on
                        medium-term leases of 35 to 50 years from the dates of acquisition.

          (c)    Assets leased out under operating leases

                 The Group leases out certain office premise in the PRC under operating leases. The lease typically
                 run for an initial period of one year with an option to renew the lease after that date at which
                 time all terms are renegotiated. None of the leases includes contingent rentals. In 2024, the rental
                 income is insignificant (see note 4(a)).




132 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




12    INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                                                   Internally
                                                                                                   generated
                                                                                                  capitalised
                                                      Trademark                     Customer    development
                                         Goodwill    and patents    Software    relationships           costs      Total
                                          HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000

      Cost:

      At 1 January 2023                   487,437        424,931      28,727          77,866         468,332    1,487,293

      Additions                                 –          4,439       2,363               –         181,328     188,130
      Transfers                                 –        201,612           –               –        (201,612)          –
      Written-off of impairment                 –              –           –               –         (10,617)    (10,617)
      Exchange adjustments                 (6,965)        (6,097)       (424)         (1,113)         (7,658)    (22,257)

      At 31 December 2023 and
        1 January 2024                    480,472        624,885      30,666          76,753         429,773    1,642,549

      Additions                                 –              –       6,793               –         200,956     207,749
      Transfers                                 –        221,664           –               –        (221,664)          –
      Exchange adjustments                (10,284)       (13,200)       (757)         (1,643)        (12,131)    (38,015)

      At 31 December 2024                 470,188        833,349      36,702          75,110         396,934    1,812,283

      Accumulated amortisation
       and impairment losses:

      At 1 January 2023                  (230,033)      (116,507)    (23,754)        (77,866)               –    (448,160)

      Amortisation charge for the year          –        (41,151)     (2,463)              –               –      (43,614)
      Impairment loss                           –              –           –               –         (10,617)     (10,617)
      Written-back of impairment                –              –           –               –          10,617       10,617
      Exchange adjustments                  3,287          1,897         353           1,113               –        6,650

      At 31 December 2023 and
        1 January 2024                   (226,746)      (155,761)    (25,864)        (76,753)               –   (485,124)

      Amortisation charge for the year          –        (62,740)     (1,964)              –               –      (64,704)
      Impairment loss                     (10,609)       (11,705)          –               –          (4,599)     (26,913)
      Exchange adjustments                  5,051          4,270         583           1,643               –       11,547

      At 31 December 2024                (232,304)      (225,936)    (27,245)        (75,110)         (4,599)   (565,194)

      Net book value:

      At 31 December 2024                 237,884        607,413       9,457                –        392,335    1,247,089

      At 31 December 2023                 253,726        469,124       4,802                –        429,773    1,157,425




                                                                                                Annual Report 2024          133
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    12    INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)

          Majority of amortisation of intangible assets is recognised in cost of sales, general and administrative
          expenses and research and development costs.

          As at 31 December 2024, the carrying amount of trademark and patents include internally generated
          capitalised development costs of HK$510,678,000 (31 December 2023: HK$362,517,000).

          Impairment tests for cash-generating units containing goodwill

          Goodwill is allocated to the Group’s CGUs identified according to country of operation and operating
          segment as follows:

                                                                                                     2024                   2023
                                                                                                  HK$’000                HK$’000

          Intravenous infusion solution and others                                                217,646                222,406
          Medical materials                                                                        20,238                 20,681
          Bulk pharmaceuticals                                                                          –                 10,639

                                                                                                  237,884                253,726

          The recoverable amount of each CGU is determined based on value-in-use calculations. These calculations
          use cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period
          with the final year representing a steady state in the development of the business. Cash flows beyond the
          five-year period are extrapolated using an estimated weighted average growth rate. The key assumptions
          for the value-in-use calculations are as follows, which are based on either the past experience or external
          sources of information:

                                              Intravenous infusion                                               Bulk
                                               solution and others           Medical materials              pharmaceuticals
                                                  2024             2023       2024             2023          2024              2023

          Gross profit margin in the next
             five years                   45.66%-50.22%   50.8%-54.1%         26.1%          25.9%    0.7%-5.98%      14.6%-29.8%
          Growth rate in the next five
             years                              9%-31%        26%-35%     3%-14.19%        3%-17%       10%-15%      -8.9%-63.82%
          Other operating cost
             (as of revenue)                        25%            30%           9%             8%            9%                 9%
          Perpetual growth rate                      3%             3%           3%             3%            3%                 3%
          Pre-tax discount rate                   14.0%          16.0%        14.0%          13.2%           13%              15.2%

          Management determined the budgeted growth rate and gross margin based on past performance and its
          expectation for market development. The discount rates used are pre-tax and reflect specific risks relating
          to the relevant CGUs.

          The recoverable amount of the CGU of Intravenous infusion solution and others and Medical materials is
          estimated to exceed the carrying amount of the CGU at 31 December 2024 and 2023. Management has
          not identified that a reasonably possible change in key assumptions could cause the carrying amount to
          exceed the recoverable amount for CGUs with significant goodwill.

          The impairment loss of HK$10,609,000 recognised in “Other operating expenses” during the year solely
          relates to the Group’s bulk pharmaceuticals activities. As the CGU has been reduced to zero, any adverse
          change in the assumptions used in the calculation of recoverable amount would not result in further
          impairment losses.




134 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




13    INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES

      The following list contains all subsidiaries of the Group. The class of shares held is ordinary unless
      otherwise stated.

                                                                                      Proportion of ownership interest
                                                Place of                           Group’s
                                           incorporation             Issued/      effective    Held by the         Held by                            Type of
      Name of company                       and business   registered capital      interest      Company       subsidiaries Principal activities      legal entity

      New Orient Investments                    Samoa/     United States Dollar      100%            100%                   – Investment holding      Limited
        Pharmaceutical Holding               Hong Kong              (“USD”) 1                                                                           liability
        (Hong Kong) Limited                                                                                                                             company

      Shijiazhuang No. 4 Pharmaceutical         The PRC      RMB950,000,000          100%                –           100% Manufacturing and sale      Limited
        Co., Ltd. (“Shijiazhuang No. 4”)                                                                                   of pharmaceutical            liability
                                                                                                                           products                     company

      Hebei Guolong Pharmaceutical Co.,         The PRC      RMB450,000,000          100%                –           100% Manufacturing and sale      Limited
        Ltd.                                                                                                               of pharmaceutical            liability
                                                                                                                           products                     company

      Hebei Jinmen Pharmaceutical               The PRC         RMB5,000,000         100%                –           100% Trading of                  Limited
        Import and Export Co., Ltd.                                                                                         pharmaceutical              liability
                                                                                                                            products                    company

      Hebei Guangxiang Pharmaceutical           The PRC       RMB20,000,000          100%                –           100% Pharmaceutical              Limited
        Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                                                technology research         liability
                                                                                                                            and development and         company
                                                                                                                            consulting

      Hebei Guangxiang Logistics Co.,           The PRC         RMB3,000,000          86%                –               86% Logistics of             Limited
        Ltd.                                                                                                                   pharmaceutical           liability
                                                                                                                               products                 company

      Shijiazhuang Guangxiang Catering          The PRC           RMB500,000         100%                –           100% Provision of food,          Limited
        Co., Ltd.                                                                                                           beverages and               liability
                                                                                                                            catering                    company

      Jiangsu Best New Medical Material         The PRC      RMB270,077,500           94%             39%                55% Manufacturing and sale   Limited
         Co., Ltd. (“Jiangsu Best”)                                                                                           of pharmaceutical         liability
                                                                                                                              products                  company

      Hebei Hanlin Biotechnology Co.,           The PRC       RMB25,000,000           88%                –               88% Research and             Limited
        Ltd. (“Hebei Hanlin”)                                                                                                  development of           liability
                                                                                                                               biotechnology and        company
                                                                                                                               related products




                                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024                135
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    13    INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                                                                      Proportion of ownership interest
                                                  Place of                         Group’s
                                             incorporation             Issued/    effective    Held by the         Held by                            Type of
          Name of company                     and business   registered capital    interest      Company       subsidiaries Principal activities      legal entity

          Hebei Guangxiang Pharmaceutical         The PRC     RMB930,000,000          78%                –               78% Manufacturing and sale   Limited
            Co., Ltd. (“Hebei Guangxiang”)                                                                                    of pharmaceutical         liability
                                                                                                                              products                  company

          Anhui Guangxiang Pharmaceutical         The PRC       RMB10,000,000         96%                –               96% Trading of               Limited
           Co., Ltd. (“Anhui Guangxiang”)                                                                                      pharmaceutical           liability
                                                                                                                               products                 company

          Cangzhou Lingang Youyi Chemical         The PRC       RMB70,000,000        100%                –           100% Production and sales of     Limited
            Co., Ltd. (“Youyi Chemical”)                                                                                    methylamine                 liability
                                                                                                                                                        company

          Shandong Guangxiang                     The PRC     RMB100,000,000         100%                –           100% Manufacturing and sale      Limited
            Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                                                       of pharmaceutical            liability
            (“Shandong Guangxiang”)                                                                                        products                     company

          The directors are of the view that the Group has no individually material non-controlling interests for the
          years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023.

    14    INTERESTS IN AN ASSOCIATE

          As at 31 December 2024, the following list contains the particulars of the associate, which is a listed
          corporate entity whose quoted market price is available:

                                                                                                       Proportion of ownership interest
                                                                                Particulars
                                                                                 of issued
                                                  Form of              Place of        and         Group’s
                                                  business   incorporation and     paid-up        effective      Held by
          Name of associate                      structure            business      capital        interest the Company Held by a subsidiary Principal activity

          Cisen Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.*     Incorporated             The PRC 452,754,129          6.11%                   –                6.11% Production, sales
            (“Cisen”) (Note)                                                       ordinary                                                          and research and
             辰欣藥業股份有限公司                                                              shares                                                          development of
                                                                                                                                                     pharmaceuticals

          *         The English translation of the entity is for reference only. The official names of the entity established in the PRC
                    are in Chinese.

          Note:     Cisen is listed on the Main Board of the Shanghai Stock Exchange. The Group has significant influence over
                    Cisen as the Group appointed one director into the Board of Directors of Cisen. As at 31 December 2024, the
                    quoted market price of Cisen was RMB13.74 (31 December 2023: RMB14.64) per share and the market value of
                    the investment in Cisen was RMB380 million (equivalent to HK$410 million) (2023: RMB405 million (equivalent
                    to HK$447 million).




136 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




14    INTERESTS IN AN ASSOCIATE (Continued)

      The above associate is accounted for using the equity method in the consolidated financial statements.

      Summarised financial information of the material associate, adjusted for any differences in accounting
      policies, and reconciled to the carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statement, are disclosed
      below:

                                                                            Cisen Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
                                                                                     2024                 2023
                                                                                  HK$’000              HK$’000

      Gross amounts of the associate

      Current assets                                                             5,352,468           5,912,856
      Non-current assets                                                         3,203,377           2,620,166
      Current liabilities                                                        1,594,678           1,385,849
      Non-current liabilities                                                       84,491             228,537
      Equity                                                                     6,876,676           6,918,636

      Revenue                                                                    4,365,358           4,722,706
      Profit from operations                                                       559,009             574,469
      Other comprehensive income                                                       (23)             (5,118)
      Total comprehensive income                                                   558,986             569,351
      Dividend received from the associate                                          19,750              10,052

      Reconciled to the Group’s interests in the associate

      Gross amounts of net assets of the associate                               6,876,676           6,918,636
      Group’s effective interest                                                  6.1096%             6.1093%
      Group’s share of net assets of the associate                                 420,137             422,681

      Carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements                     420,137             422,681




                                                                                       Annual Report 2024        137
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    15    TRADING SECURITIES

                                                                                        2024                 2023
                                                                                     HK$’000              HK$’000

          Trading securities
          – Equity securities listed in PRC                                            34,999                    –

          As at 31 December 2024, financial assets classified as FVPL represent trading securities of HK$34,999,000
          (31 December 2023: Nil). During the year, the unrealised loss of trading securities held by the Group of
          HK$10,479,000 were recognized as a loss in other net income (2023: Nil).

    16    INVENTORIES

          (a)    Inventories in the consolidated statement of financial position comprise:

                                                                                        2024                 2023
                                                                                     HK$’000              HK$’000

                 Raw materials                                                        506,042             478,798
                 Work in progress                                                      38,724              30,713
                 Finished goods                                                       564,696             576,771

                                                                                    1,109,462           1,086,282

          (b)    The analysis of the amount of inventories recognised as an expense and included in profit
                 or loss is as follows:

                                                                                        2024                 2023
                                                                                     HK$’000              HK$’000

                 Cost of inventories sold                                           2,764,504           2,769,412
                 Cost of inventories directly recognised as research and
                  development costs and selling and distribution costs                 94,570             107,976
                 Write-down of inventories                                              1,279                 895

                                                                                    2,860,353           2,878,283




138 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




17    TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES

                                                                                       2024                 2023
                                                                                    HK$’000              HK$’000

      Trade receivables                                                            2,109,727           1,987,818
      Bills receivable                                                               135,461             201,961

                                                                                   2,245,188           2,189,779
      Less: Loss allowance                                                           (18,833)            (12,729)

                                                                                   2,226,355           2,177,050

      All of the trade and bills receivables are expected to be recovered within one year.

      Bills receivable represent short-term bank acceptance notes receivable that entitle the Group to receive the
      full face amount from the banks at maturity, which generally ranges from 3 to 12 months from the date
      of issuance. Historically, the Group had experienced no credit losses on bills receivable. The Group from
      time to time endorses bills receivable to suppliers in order to settle payables.

      As at 31 December 2024, the Group endorsed certain bank acceptance bills to suppliers for settling
      payables of the same amount on a full recourse basis. The Group has derecognised these bills receivable
      and payables to suppliers in their entirety. These derecognised bank acceptance bills had a maturity date
      of less than six months from the end of the reporting period. In the opinion of the directors, the Group
      has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of these bills and has discharged its
      obligation of the payables to its suppliers, and the Group has limited exposure in respect of the settlement
      obligation of these bills receivable under the relevant PRC rules and regulations, should the issuing banks
      fail to settle the bills on maturity date. The Group considered the issuing banks of these bills are of good
      credit quality and non-settlement of these bills by the issuing banks on maturity is not probable. Bills
      receivable were therefore derecognised.

      As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s maximum exposure to loss and undiscounted cash outflow, which is
      same as the amount payable by the Group to suppliers in respect of the endorsed bills, should the issuing
      banks fail to settle the bills on maturity date, amounted to HK$730 million (31 December 2023: HK$612
      million).




                                                                                         Annual Report 2024          139
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    17    TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (Continued)

          Ageing analysis

          As of the end of the reporting period, the ageing analysis of trade and bills receivables, based on the
          invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                           2024                 2023
                                                                                        HK$’000              HK$’000

          Within 1 year                                                                2,227,244            2,187,785
          1 to 2 years                                                                    17,607                1,541
          More than 2 years                                                                  337                  453

                                                                                       2,245,188            2,189,779

          Further details on the Group’s credit policy and credit risk arising from trade and bills receivables are set
          out in note 28(a).

    18    PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                           2024                 2023
                                                                                        HK$’000              HK$’000

          Withholding individual income tax recoverable                                   90,610               90,610
          Prepayments for purchases of inventories                                        25,285               27,896
          Other deposits                                                                  13,548                8,225
          Value-added tax recoverable                                                     40,333                7,334
          Staff advances                                                                   1,760                3,233
          Prepaid professional service fees                                                4,754               13,063
          Others                                                                          44,529               48,971

                                                                                         220,819              199,332
          Less: Loss allowance                                                              (229)                (215)
                                                                              •                     •




                                                                                         220,590              199,117




140 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




19    PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS, TIME DEPOSITS AND FIXED DEPOSITS

                                                                                   2024                2023
                                                                                HK$’000             HK$’000

      Current

      Time deposits with original maturities over three months                  114,525                1,103
      Pledged and restricted bank deposits                                       97,288               45,357

                                                                                211,813               46,460

      Non-current

      Pledged and restricted bank deposits                                         5,883              5,598
      Fixed deposits with original maturities over one year                       78,127            165,523

                                                                                  84,010            171,121

      Pledged bank deposits as at 31 December 2024 were pledged for letters of credit facilities, bank
      acceptance notes issued by the Group, and the restricted bank deposits of HK$19,019,000 are the
      restricted cash that have been frozen in the PRC in relation to legal proceedings commenced by one
      customer of the Group.

      As at 31 December 2024, fixed deposits with original maturities over one year have guaranteed repayment
      of principal, fixed returns and maturity periods of three years from the date of issue.

20    CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION

      (a)    Cash and cash equivalents comprise:

                                                                                   2024                2023
                                                                                HK$’000             HK$’000

             Cash on hand                                                            20                  19
             Cash at bank                                                     1,257,682           1,615,189

             Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated cash
               flow statement                                                 1,257,702           1,615,208




                                                                                    Annual Report 2024          141
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    20    CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION (Continued)

          (b)    Reconciliation of profit before taxation to cash generated from operations:

                                                                                   2024            2023
                                                                    Note        HK$’000         HK$’000

                 Profit before taxation                                        1,281,603       1,583,569

                 Adjustments for:
                  Provision for/(reversal of) impairment of trade
                     receivables                                     6(c)          6,181         (1,211)
                  Provision for impairment of other receivables      6(c)            311             51
                  Write down of inventories                         16(b)          1,279            895
                  Impairment of intangible assets                    12           26,913         10,617
                  Amortisation of intangible assets                  6(c)         64,622         43,548
                  Amortisation of deferred revenue                   26          (22,482)       (16,610)
                  Depreciation                                       6(c)        391,029        362,026
                  Finance costs                                      6(a)        126,881        125,413
                  Interest income                                    6(a)        (29,546)       (33,924)
                  Share of profit of an associate                                (26,493)       (30,610)
                  Net gain on disposal of property, plant and
                     equipment                                       5            (1,124)           (798)
                  Unrealised loss on trading securities              5            10,479               –

                 Changes in working capital:
                  Increase in inventories                                        (44,063)       (286,171)
                  Increase in trade and bills receivables                       (964,953)       (485,397)
                  (Increase)/decrease in prepayments, deposits
                     and other receivables                                       (25,350)          8,026
                  Increase in trade and bills payables                           144,305          31,333
                  Decrease in contract liabilities                               (18,726)        (10,238)
                  Increase/(decrease) in accruals and other
                     payables                                                     16,717         (15,312)
                  (Increase)/decrease in pledged bank deposits                   (34,934)          4,859

                 Cash generated from operations                                  902,649       1,290,066




142 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




20    CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION (Continued)

      (c)    Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities

             The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities from financing activities, including both
             cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are liabilities for which cash
             flows were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated cash flow statement
             as cash flows from financing activities.

                                                                            Lease liabilities         Borrowings
                                                                                  (note 24)             (note 21)
                                                                                    HK$’000              HK$’000

             At 1 January 2024                                                          5,947            3,368,141

             Changes from financing cash flows:

             Proceeds from new bank loans                                                   –            1,447,061
             Repayment of bank loans                                                        –           (1,129,076)
             Capital element of lease rentals paid                                     (2,188)                   –
             Interest element of lease rentals paid                                      (202)                   –

             Total changes from financing cash flows                                   (2,390)             317,985

             Exchange adjustments                                                            –             (51,275)

             Other change:

             Interest expense                                                             202                1,080

             At 31 December 2024                                                        3,759            3,635,931




                                                                                          Annual Report 2024           143
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    20    CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION (Continued)

          (c)    Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities (Continued)

                                                                               Lease liabilities   Borrowings
                                                                                    (note 24)        (note 21)
                                                                                     HK$’000          HK$’000

                 At 1 January 2023                                                       1,801     3,207,648

                 Changes from financing cash flows:

                 Proceeds from new bank loans                                                –      1,533,973
                 Repayment of bank loans                                                     –     (1,348,300)
                 Capital element of lease rentals paid                                  (2,437)             –
                 Interest element of lease rentals paid                                   (248)             –

                 Total changes from financing cash flows                                (2,685)      185,673

                 Exchange adjustments                                                          –      (28,336)

                 Other changes:

                 Lease modifications                                                     6,583              –
                 Interest expense                                                          248          3,156

                 Total other changes                                                     6,831          3,156

                 At 31 December 2023                                                     5,947     3,368,141

          (d)    Total cash outflow for leases

                 Amounts included in the cash flow statement for leases comprise the following:

                                                                                        2024            2023
                                                                                     HK$’000         HK$’000

                 Within operating cash flows                                             3,226          2,174
                 Within financing cash flows                                             2,390          2,685

                                                                                         5,616          4,859




144 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




21    BORROWINGS

      (a)    The analysis of the repayment schedule of bank borrowings is as follows:

                                                                                    2024                 2023
                                                                                 HK$’000              HK$’000

             Within 1 year or on demand                                           654,927           1,420,573

             After 1 year but within 2 years                                    1,379,828           1,088,494
             After 2 years but within 5 years                                   1,601,176             859,074

                                                                                2,981,004           1,947,568

                                                                                3,635,931           3,368,141

      (b)    Assets pledged as security and covenants for bank borrowings

             At 31 December 2024 and 2023, the Group’s bank borrowings were secured as follows:

                                                                                    2024                 2023
                                                                                 HK$’000              HK$’000

             Bank borrowings
               – secured                                                                –              70,623
               – unsecured                                                      3,635,931           3,297,518

                                                                                3,635,931           3,368,141

             As at 31 December 2024, none of the Group’s borrowings were secured. As at 31 December 2023,
             the Group’s borrowings of HK$70,623,000 were secured by the Group’s right-of-use assets with a
             carrying amount of HK$47,229,000.

             The Group’s bank facilities of HK$2,594,501,000 (2023: HK$2,823,922,000) are subject to the
             fulfilment of covenants relating to certain specific performance requirements on the Group. If the
             Group were to breach the covenants, these drawn down bank facilities would become payable on
             demand. The Group regularly monitors its compliance with covenants. The Group did not identify
             any difficulties complying with the covenants. Further details of the covenants and the Group’s
             management of liquidity risk are set out in note 28(b).

             As at 31 December 2024, the Group did not breach any covenants relating to these drawn down
             bank facilities.




                                                                                      Annual Report 2024          145
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    22    TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES

          As of the end of the reporting period, the ageing analysis of trade and bills payables, based on the invoice
          date is as follows:

                                                                                          2024                  2023
                                                                                       HK$’000               HK$’000

          Within 3 months                                                               284,273              320,548
          4 to 6 months                                                                 244,241               73,022
          7 to 12 months                                                                 11,328                8,896
          More than 1 year                                                                7,776                5,463

                                                                                        547,618              407,929

    23    ACCRUALS AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                          2024                  2023
                                                                                       HK$’000               HK$’000

          Payables for purchase of property, plant and equipment                        269,423              260,162
          Withholding individual income tax payables                                     90,418               90,610
          Accrued salaries and wages                                                     38,810               59,298
          Deposits from constructors                                                     84,431               68,524
          Value-added tax payable                                                         1,174               14,154
          Welfare payables                                                                6,044                5,811
          Professional fee payables                                                      12,534               13,741
          Travelling, meeting and entertainment expenses                                 10,440               16,410
          Others                                                                         39,075               14,501

                                                                                        552,349              543,211




146 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




24    LEASE LIABILITIES

      At 31 December 2024, the lease liabilities were repayable as follows:

                                                                                 2024              2023
                                                                              HK$’000           HK$’000

      Within 1 year                                                              2,283             2,188

      After 1 year but within 2 years                                            1,476             2,283
      After 2 years                                                                  –             1,476

                                                                                 1,476             3,759


                                                                                 3,759             5,947

25    INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

      (a)    Current taxation in the consolidated statement of financial position represents:

                                                                                 2024              2023
                                                                              HK$’000           HK$’000

             At beginning of the year                                           77,161            56,561
             Provision for the year (note 7(a))                                222,463           264,184
             Tax paid                                                         (286,019)         (242,655)
             Exchange adjustments                                                 (258)             (929)

             At end of the year                                                13,347            77,161




                                                                                  Annual Report 2024       147
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    25    INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (Continued)

          (b)    Deferred tax assets and liabilities recognised:

                 The components of deferred tax liabilities/(assets) recognised in the consolidated statement of
                 financial position and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                                Amortisation
                                                                      Provision         and       Accrued                  Revaluation
                                                        Deferred      for asset depreciation expenses and        Lease     of assets on Right-of-use Withholding
                 Deferred tax arising from:             revenue     impairment     of assets       others    liabilities    acquisition       assets         tax         Total
                                                         HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000

                 At 1 January 2023                       (19,673)       (4,821)       8,995       (12,300)            –        12,380             –        8,466        (6,953)

                 (Credited)/charged to profit or loss     (7,198)        1,439         (510)       (4,249)        (981)          (420)         986         1,030        (9,903)
                 Exchange adjustments                        322            59         (126)          182            –           (170)           –          (128)          139
                                                                              •            •             •             •             •             •            •             •




                 At 31 December 2023 and
                   1 January 2024                        (26,549)       (3,323)       8,359       (16,367)        (981)        11,790          986         9,368       (16,717)

                 (Credited)/charged to profit or loss     (7,572)       (3,197)        (492)       (2,020)         361           (417)         (370)      (2,761)      (16,468)
                 Exchange adjustments                        681           118         (171)          354            –           (246)            –         (159)          577
                                                                              •            •             •             •             •             •            •             •




                 At 31 December 2024                     (33,440)       (6,402)       7,696       (18,033)        (620)        11,127          616         6,448       (32,608)

                 Reconciliation to the consolidated statement of financial position:

                                                                                                                                   2024                                2023
                                                                                                                                HK$’000                             HK$’000

                 Net deferred tax assets recognised in the consolidated
                   statement of financial position                                                                                (50,179)                          (37,880)
                 Net deferred tax liabilities recognised in the
                   consolidated statement of financial position                                                                    17,571                            21,163

                                                                                                                                  (32,608)                          (16,717)

          (c)    Deferred tax assets not recognised

                 In accordance with the accounting policy set out in note 2(w), the Group has not recognised
                 deferred tax assets in respect of cumulative tax losses of HK$101,904,000 (2023: HK$91,335,000)
                 as it is not probable that future taxable profits against which the losses can be utilised will
                 be available in the relevant tax jurisdiction and entity. The tax losses incurred by the Group’s
                 subsidiaries in the PRC will expire in 5 years from the respective balance sheet date and the tax
                 losses incurred in other tax jurisdiction do not expire.




148 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




25    INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (Continued)

      (d)    Deferred tax liabilities not recognised

             At 31 December 2024, temporary differences relating to the undistributed profits of subsidiaries
             in the PRC amounted to HK$7,403,032,000 (2023: HK$6,974,266,000). Deferred tax liabilities of
             HK$370,152,000 (2023: HK$348,713,000) have not been recognised in respect of the tax that
             would be payable on the distribution of these retained profits as the Group controls the dividend
             policy of these subsidiaries and it has been determined that it is probable that these profits will not
             be distributed in the foreseeable future.

26    DEFERRED REVENUE

      Deferred revenue represented subsidies received from municipal governments for the construction of
      laboratories and plants of the Group, and are recognised in profit or loss when the depreciation expense
      of the laboratories and plants are recognised in profit or loss.

      The movements of deferred revenue are as follows:

                                                                                        2024                 2023
                                                                                     HK$’000              HK$’000

      At 1 January                                                                   203,714               160,390
      Additions                                                                       70,879                62,486
      Recognised as other revenue                                                    (22,482)              (16,610)
      Exchange adjustments                                                            (5,082)               (2,552)

      At 31 December                                                                 247,029               203,714




                                                                                          Annual Report 2024           149
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    27    CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS

          (a)    Movements in components of equity

                 The reconciliation between the opening and closing balances of each component of the Group’s
                 consolidated equity is set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Details of the
                 changes in the Company’s individual components of equity between the beginning and the end of
                 the year are set out below:

                                                                                                       Share-based
                                                                       Share       Share     Capital      payment    Retained
                                                                      capital   premium     reserve        reserve   earnings      Total
                                                          Note       HK$’000     HK$’000    HK$’000        HK$’000    HK$’000    HK$’000

                 Balance at 1 January 2023                            66,285      32,655    168,449         67,050    218,462    552,901

                 Changes in equity for 2023:

                 Dividends paid to equity shareholders
                   of the Company                         27(b)             –          –           –             –   (445,507)   (445,507)
                 Purchase and cancellation of own
                   shares                                27(c)(ii)       (97)    (23,193)    (9,679)             –          –     (32,969)
                 Total comprehensive income for the
                   year                                                     –          –           –             –    537,830    537,830

                 Balance at 31 December 2023 and
                   1 January 2024                                     66,188       9,462    158,770         67,050    310,785    612,255

                 Changes in equity for 2024:

                 Dividends paid to equity shareholders
                   of the Company                         27(b)             –          –           –             –   (534,126)   (534,126)
                 Purchase and cancellation of own
                   shares                                27(c)(ii)      (222)     (9,462)    (2,494)             –    (32,385)    (44,563)
                 Total comprehensive income for the
                   year                                                     –          –           –             –    689,044    689,044

                 Balance at 31 December 2024                          65,966           –    156,276         67,050    433,318    722,610




150 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




27    CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (Continued)

      (b)    Dividends

             (i)    Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the year:

                                                                                   2024                2023
                                                                                HK$’000             HK$’000

                    Interim dividend declared and paid of HK8.0
                      cents per ordinary share (2023: HK7.0 cents
                      per ordinary share)                                        237,222            207,903
                    Final dividend proposed after the end of the
                      reporting period of HK9.5 cents per ordinary
                      share (2023: HK10.0 cents per ordinary share)              280,622            296,904

                                                                                 517,844            504,807

                    The final dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period has not been recognised
                    as a liability at the end of the reporting period.

             (ii)   Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the
                    previous financial year, approved and paid during the year

                                                                                   2024                2023
                                                                                HK$’000             HK$’000

                    Final dividend in respect of the previous financial
                      year, approved and paid during the year, of
                      HK10.0 cents per share (2023: HK8.0 cents per
                      share)                                                     296,904            237,604




                                                                                    Annual Report 2024          151
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    27    CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (Continued)

          (c)    Share capital

                 (i)    Issued share capital

                                                                        2024                         2023
                                                                  No. of                        No. of
                                                                  shares                        shares
                                                                   (’000)    HK$’000            (’000)       HK$’000

                        Ordinary shares of HK$0.02
                         each, issued and fully paid:

                        At 1 January                         2,969,043          66,188      2,973,883         66,285
                        Repurchase and cancellation of
                          own shares (note 27(c)(ii))             (11,084)        (222)        (4,840)            (97)

                                                             2,957,959          65,966      2,969,043         66,188

                        The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time
                        and are entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the Company. All ordinary shares rank
                        equally with regard to the Company’s residual assets.

                 (ii)   Purchase and cancellation of own shares

                        In 2024, the Company repurchased a total of 11,830,000 (2023: 3,640,000) ordinary
                        shares of the Company through the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited at an aggregate
                        consideration of approximately HK$44,563,000 (2023: HK$18,036,000). The Company
                        cancelled 11,084,000 (2023: 4,840,000) ordinary shares in accordance with the Companies
                        Law of the Cayman Islands.

                        The remaining 746,000 repurchased ordinary shares were subsequently cancelled in February
                        2025 and treated as treasury shares as at 31 December 2024. The consideration paid on
                        such repurchase of HK$2,494,000 was charged to capital reserve for the year ended 31
                        December 2024.




152 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




27    CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (Continued)

      (c)    Share capital (Continued)

             (ii)    Purchase and cancellation of own shares (Continued)

                     On 27 December 2018, the board meeting approved the Company to adopt the restricted
                     share award scheme (“Restricted Share Award Scheme”) to eligible employees. A trust
                     deed has been entered into between the Company and BOCI-Prudential Trustee Limited
                     (“the Trustee”). Pursuant to the trust deed, the trust will be constituted to service the
                     Restricted Share Award Scheme whereby the Trustee shall assist with the administration
                     of the Restricted Share Award Scheme and shall, subject to the relevant provisions of the
                     trust deed and upon the instruction of the Company, acquire such underlying shares of the
                     Restricted Share Award Scheme through on-market transactions with funds to be transferred
                     by the Group to the Trust. Such underlying shares of the Restricted Share Award Scheme
                     shall not exceed 2% of the ordinary issued share capital as at the adoption date.

                     In 2023, the Trust acquired 3,300,000 shares from the market at an average prevailing
                     market price of approximately HK$4.525 per share at an aggregate consideration of
                     approximately HK$14,933,000. The restricted shares held at the end of reporting period
                     were classified as treasury shares and presented as a deduction in equity. No restricted
                     shares were granted, vested, cancelled or lapsed under the Restricted Share Award Scheme
                     during the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023.

             (iii)   Shares issued under share option scheme

                     No share options were exercised during 2024 and 2023.

      (d)    Nature and purpose of reserves

             (i)     Share premium

                     The application of the share premium account is governed by the Companies Law of the
                     Cayman Islands. The share premium account may be applied by the Company to pay
                     distributions or dividends to the equity shareholders of the Company.

             (ii)    Statutory reserve

                     In accordance with the relevant PRC accounting rules and regulations, the PRC subsidiaries
                     of the Company are required to make appropriation of its retained earnings to statutory
                     general reserve at the rate of 10% of its net profit each year, until the reserve balance
                     reaches 50% of its paid up capital. The transfer to this reserve must be made before
                     distribution of dividend to equity owners. The statutory reserve fund can be utilised to offset
                     prior year’s losses or converted into paid up capital.




                                                                                          Annual Report 2024           153
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    27    CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (Continued)

          (d)    Nature and purpose of reserves (Continued)

                 (iii)   Share-based payment reserve

                         In 2021, 100,000,000 share options were granted to seven employees of the Group,
                         at a consideration of HK$1.00 in sum for each employee with a total fair value of
                         HK$67,050,000 recorded in share-based payment reserve. The number and weighted
                         average exercise prices of share options are as follows:

                                                                     2024                           2023
                                                              Average                        Average
                                                              exercise Number of             exercise    Number of
                                                                 price    options               price      options
                                                                 (HK$                           (HK$
                                                            per share)      (‘000)         per share)       (‘000)

                         Outstanding at 1 January
                          and at 31 December                      4.218       100,000          4.218       100,000

                         No share options were exercised during 2024 and 2023.

                         As at 31 December 2024, the total number of share options outstanding and exercisable
                         was 100,000,000 (31 December 2023: 100,000,000).

                         The options outstanding at 31 December 2024 had an exercise price of HK$4.218 (2023:
                         HK$4.218) and a weighted average remaining contractual life of 1.03 years (2023: 2.03
                         years).

                 (iv)    Currency translation differences

                         The currency translation differences comprise all foreign exchange differences arising from
                         the translation of the financial statements of certain subsidiaries within the Group. The
                         reserve is dealt with in accordance with the accounting policies set out in note 2(g).

          (e)    Distributability of reserves

                 At 31 December 2024, the aggregate amount of reserves available for distribution to equity
                 shareholders of the Company was HK$433,318,000 (2023: HK$320,247,000).




154 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




27    CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (Continued)

      (f)    Capital management

             The Group’s primary objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to
             continue as a going concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for shareholders and
             benefits for other stakeholders, by pricing products and services commensurately with the level of
             risk and by securing access to finance at a reasonable cost.

             The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to maintain a balance
             between the higher shareholders returns that might be possible with higher levels of borrowings
             and the advantages and security afforded by a sound capital position, and makes adjustments to
             the capital structure in light of changes in economic conditions.

             Consistent with others in the industry, the Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio.
             This ratio is calculated as net debt divided by total capital less non-controlling interests. Net debt is
             calculated as total borrowings (including current and non-current borrowings) and lease liabilities
             less cash and cash equivalents. Total capital less non-controlling interests is calculated as total
             equity less non-controlling interests plus net debt.

             The gearing ratios at 31 December 2024 and 2023 were as follows:

                                                                                         2024                  2023
                                                                                      HK$’000               HK$’000

             Borrowings (note 21)                                                    3,635,931             3,368,141
             Lease liabilities (note 24)                                                 3,759                 5,947
             Less: Cash and cash equivalents (note 20)                              (1,257,702)           (1,615,208)
                                                                           •                      •




             Net debt                                                                2,381,988            1,758,880

             Total equity less non-controlling interests                             7,220,240            6,932,534

             Total capital less non-controlling interests                            9,602,228            8,691,414

             Gearing ratio                                                               24.8%                20.2%




                                                                                           Annual Report 2024            155
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    28    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

          Exposure to credit, liquidity, interest rate and currency risks arises in the normal course of the Group’s
          business. The Group’s exposure to these risks and the financial risk management policies and practices
          used by the Group to manage these risks are described below.

          (a)    Credit risk

                 Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting
                 in a financial loss to the Group. The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to trade receivables.
                 The Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from cash and cash equivalents, pledged bank deposits,
                 time deposits, fixed deposits and bills receivable is limited. The Group’s exposure to credit risk
                 arising from refundable rental deposits is considered to be low, taking into account the remaining
                 lease term and the period covered by the rental deposits.

                 As at 31 December 2024, 96% (2023: 99%) of the Group’s bank deposits are placed in major
                 financial institutions located in the Mainland China and Hong Kong, which management believes
                 are of high credit quality without significant credit risk. The Group also has policies that limit the
                 amount of credit exposure to any financial institution, subject to periodic review.

                                                                                             2024                  2023
                                                                                          HK$’000               HK$’000

                 State-owned and listed banks                                            1,489,761            1,825,825
                 Other financial institutions                                               63,743                6,945

                 Total                                                                   1,553,504            1,832,770

                 As at 31 December 2024, all of the Group’s bills receivables are bank acceptance notes, the credit
                 risks of which rest with the issuing banks. The directors of the Company are satisfied that the risks
                 arising from those notes are minimal considering the credit quality of the issuing banks. The Group
                 does not provide any guarantees which would expose the Group to credit risk.

                 Trade receivables

                 The Group’s exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the individual characteristics of each
                 customer rather than the industry or country in which the customers operate and therefore
                 significant concentrations of credit risk primarily arise when the Group has significant exposure
                 to individual customers. At the end of the reporting period, 0.00% (2023: 0.61%), 3.50% (2023:
                 0.91%) and 5.71% (2023: 6.00%) of the total trade receivables was due from the Group’s largest
                 customer, the second largest customer and the five largest customers respectively.

                 Individual credit evaluations are performed on all customers requiring credit over a certain amount.
                 These evaluations focus on the customer’s past history of making payments when due and current
                 ability to pay, and take into account information specific to the customer as well as pertaining to
                 the economic environment in which the customer operates. A regular review is carried out and
                 follow up actions are taken on long ageing amounts to minimise the Group’s exposure to credit
                 risk. Normally, the Group does not obtain collateral from customers.




156 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




28    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

      (a)    Credit risk (Continued)

             Trade receivables (Continued)

             The Group measures loss allowances for trade receivables at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs,
             which is calculated using a provision matrix. As the Group’s historical credit loss experience does
             not indicate significantly different loss patterns for different customer segments, the loss allowance
             based on past due status is not further distinguished between the Group’s different customer
             bases.

             The following table provides information about the Group’s exposure to credit risk and ECLs for
             trade receivables:

                                                                                       2024
                                                                                           Gross
                                                                     Expected           carrying            Loss
                                                                     loss rate           amount        allowance
                                                                            %           HK$’000          HK$’000

             Within 3 months                                            0.67%         1,333,581             (8,889)
             4 to 6 months                                              0.87%           430,992             (3,750)
             7 to 12 months                                             1.21%           327,210             (3,959)
             over 1 year                                               12.46%            17,944             (2,235)

                                                                                      2,109,727           (18,833)

                                                                                       2023
                                                                                           Gross
                                                                      Expected          carrying             Loss
                                                                      loss rate          amount         allowance
                                                                             %          HK$’000          HK$’000

             Within 3 months                                            0.61%         1,287,895             (8,248)
             4 to 6 months                                              0.58%           487,266             (2,811)
             7 to 12 months                                             0.57%           210,663             (1,209)
             over 1 year                                               23.12%             1,994               (461)

                                                                                      1,987,818           (12,729)

             Expected loss rates are based on actual loss experience over the past 3 years. These rates are
             adjusted to reflect differences between economic conditions during the period over which the
             historic data has been collected, current conditions and the Group’s view of economic conditions
             over the expected lives of the receivables.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2024           157
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    28    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

          (a)    Credit risk (Continued)

                 Trade receivables (Continued)

                 Movement in the loss allowance account in respect of trade receivables during the year is as
                 follows:

                                                                                           2024                 2023
                                                                                        HK$’000              HK$’000

                 Balance at 1 January                                                     12,729               14,136
                 Provision for/(reversal of) impairment losses recognised
                   during the year                                                         6,181                (1,211)
                 Exchange adjustments                                                        (77)                 (196)

                 Balance at 31 December                                                   18,833               12,729

          (b)    Liquidity risk

                 The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor its liquidity requirements and its compliance with lending
                 covenants and its relationship with finance providers, to ensure that it maintains sufficient reserves
                 of cash and adequate committed lines of funding from major financial institutions to meet its
                 liquidity requirements in the short and longer term.

                 The following tables show the remaining contractual maturities at the end of the reporting period
                 of the Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities, which are based on:

                 –      contractual undiscounted cash flows (including interest payments computed using
                        contractual rates or, if floating, based on rates current at the end of the reporting period)
                        and the date the Group is contractually required to pay, or if the counterparty has the
                        choice of when the amount should be paid (irrespective of the fulfilment of covenants), the
                        earliest date the Group can be required to pay; and

                 –      expected undiscounted cash flows provided to the Group’s key management personnel
                        and the date the Group is expected to pay, shown as adjustments to the contractual
                        undiscounted cash flows if the timing and/or amount to the cash flows are expected to be
                        different from the contractual undiscounted cash flows.




158 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




28    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

      (b)    Liquidity risk (Continued)

                                                                              2024
                                                       Contractual undiscounted cash outflow
                                                                More than    More than
                                                                   1 year      2 years                   Carrying
                                                     Within       but less     but less                 amount at
                                                   1 year or         than         than                         31
                                                 on demand        2 years      5 years         Total    December
                                                    HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000

             Borrowings                              756,054     1,472,836    1,618,524     3,847,414   3,635,931
             Trade and bills payables                547,618             –            –       547,618     547,618
             Accruals and other payables             460,756             –            –       460,756     460,757
             Lease liabilities                         2,390         1,493            –         3,883       3,759

                                                   1,766,818     1,474,329    1,618,524     4,859,671   4,648,065

                                                                                2023
                                                         Contractual undiscounted cash outflow
                                                                More than    More than
                                                                   1 year      2 years                   Carrying
                                                      Within      but less     but less                 amount at
                                                    1 year or        than         than                         31
                                                  on demand       2 years      5 years          Total   December
                                                    HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000

             Borrowings                            1,475,183     1,120,208     870,849      3,466,240   3,368,141
             Trade and bills payables                407,929             –           –        407,929     407,929
             Accruals and other payables             438,447             –           –        438,447     438,447
             Lease liabilities                         2,390         2,390       1,493          6,273       5,947

                                                   2,323,949     1,122,598     872,342      4,318,889   4,220,464

      (c)    Interest rate risk

             Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument
             will fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates. The Group’s interest rate risk arises
             primarily from cash at banks, deposits with banks, interest-bearing borrowings and lease liabilities.
             Borrowings issued at variable rates and cash at banks expose the Group to cash flow interest rate
             risk. Deposits with banks and borrowings issued at floating rates expose the Group to fair value
             interest rate risk. The Group’s interest rate profile as monitored by management is set out in (i)
             below.




                                                                                          Annual Report 2024         159
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    28    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

          (c)    Interest rate risk (Continued)

                 (i)    Interest rate profile

                        The following table details the interest rate profile of the Group’s total borrowings, cash at
                        banks, deposits with banks and lease liabilities at the end of the reporting period.

                                                                       2024                             2023
                                                               Effective                        Effective
                                                           interest rate                    interest rate
                                                                      %         HK$’000                %         HK$’000

                        Fixed rate instruments:

                        Deposits                              0.01~3.25         271,298      0.01~3.25           217,581
                        Cash at banks                         1.30~3.55          34,060      1.85~5.36           192,818
                        Borrowings                            1.80~2.50        (532,920)     0.49~2.50          (732,914)
                        Lease liabilities                          4.00          (3,759)          4.00            (5,947)

                                                                               (231,321)                        (328,462)

                        Variable rate instruments:

                        Deposits                              0.10~1.05           24,525             –                  –
                        Cash at banks                         0.01~2.10        1,223,622     0.01~1.75          1,422,371
                        Borrowings                            2.05~5.79       (3,103,011)    2.20~5.43         (2,635,227)

                                                                              (1,854,864)                      (1,212,856)

                                                                              (2,086,185)                      (1,541,318)

                 (ii)   Sensitivity analysis

                        At 31 December 2024, it is estimated that a general increase/decrease of 100 basis points
                        in interest rates, with all other variables held constant, would have decreased/increased
                        the Group’s profit after tax and retained profits by approximately HK$16,442,000 (2023:
                        HK$11,970,000).

                        The sensitivity analysis above indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s profit after
                        tax (and retained earnings) that would arise assuming that the change in interest rates had
                        occurred at the end of the reporting period and had been applied to re-measure those
                        financial instruments held by the Group which expose the Group to fair value interest rate
                        risk at the end of the reporting period. In respect of the exposure to cash flow interest rate
                        risk arising from floating rate non-derivative instruments held by the Group at the end of
                        the reporting period, the impact on the Group’s profit after tax (and retained earnings)
                        is estimated as an annualised impact on interest expense or income of such a change in
                        interest rates. The analysis is performed on the same basis as 2023.




160 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




28    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

      (d)    Currency risk

             The Group is exposed to currency risk primarily through sales and purchases which give rise
             to receivables, payables and cash balances that are denominated in a foreign currency, i.e. a
             currency other than the functional currency of the operations to which the transactions relate. The
             currencies giving rise to this risk are primarily Renminbi, United States dollars and Euros. The Group
             manages this risk as follows:

             (i)    Exposure to currency risk

                    The following table details the Group’s exposure at the end of the reporting period to
                    currency risk arising from recognised assets or liabilities denominated in a currency other
                    than the functional currency of the entity to which they relate. For presentation purposes,
                    the amounts of the exposure are shown in HK$, translated using the spot rate at the year
                    end date. Differences resulting from the translation of the financial statements of the
                    entities into the Group’s presentation currency is excluded.

                                                               2024                             2023
                                                     RMB         USD        Euro       RMB        USD        Euro
                                                  HK$’000     HK$’000    HK$’000    HK$’000    HK$’000    HK$’000

                    Trade and other receivables          –    157,907          –           –   160,803           –
                    Cash and cash equivalents          788     29,944      3,077       9,944   216,622       4,453
                    Trade and other payables             –    (11,615)      (636)          –    (6,557)          –

                    Net exposure arising from
                      recognised assets and
                      liabilities                      788    176,236      2,441       9,944   370,868       4,453




                                                                                         Annual Report 2024           161
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    28    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

          (d)    Currency risk (Continued)

                 (ii)   Sensitivity analysis

                        The following table indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s profit after tax (and
                        retained earnings) and other components of consolidated equity that would arise if foreign
                        exchange rates to which the Group has significant exposure at the end of the reporting
                        period had changed at that date, assuming all other risk variables remained constant. In this
                        respect, it is assumed that the pegged rate between the Hong Kong dollar and the United
                        States dollar would be materially unaffected by any changes in movement in value of the
                        United States dollar against other currencies.

                                                                      2024                            2023
                                                              Increase/      Effect on        Increase/      Effect on
                                                             (decrease)    profit after     (decrease)     profit after
                                                             in foreign        tax and      in foreign         tax and
                                                              exchange        retained       exchange         retained
                                                                  rates      earnings             rates       earnings
                                                                              HK$’000                        HK$’000

                        USD (against HKD)                           3%           4,502            3%            9,465
                                                                   -3%          (4,502)          -3%           (9,465)
                        EUR (against HKD)                           3%              62            3%              114
                                                                   -3%             (62)          -3%             (114)
                        RMB (against HKD)                           3%              24            3%              298
                                                                   -3%             (24)          -3%             (298)

                        Results of the analysis as presented in the above table represent an aggregation of the
                        instantaneous effects on each of the Group entities’ profit after tax and equity measured in
                        the respective functional currencies, translated into HK$ at the exchange rate ruling at the
                        end of the reporting period for presentation purposes.

                        The sensitivity analysis assumes that the change in foreign exchange rates had been applied
                        to re-measure those financial instruments held by the Group which expose the Group to
                        foreign currency risk at the end of the reporting period, including inter-company payables
                        and receivables within the Group which are denominated in a currency other than the
                        functional currencies of the lender or the borrower. The analysis excludes differences that
                        would result from the translation of the financial statements of foreign operations into the
                        Group’s presentation currency. The analysis is performed on the same basis for 2023.




162 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




28    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

      (e)    Fair value measurement

             The three-level fair value hierarchy of financial instruments are defined in HKFRS 13, Fair value
             measurement. The level into which a fair value measurement is classified is determined with
             reference to the observability and significance of the inputs used in the valuation technique as
             follows:

             –      Level 1 valuations:   Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs i.e. unadjusted quoted
                                          prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the
                                          measurement date

             –      Level 2 valuations:   Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs i.e. observable inputs which
                                          fail to meet Level 1, and not using significant unobservable inputs.
                                          Unobservable inputs are inputs for which market data are not available

             –      Level 3 valuations:   Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs

                                                              Fair value at      Fair value measurements as at
                                                              31 December              31 December 2024
                                                                      2024      Level 1        Level 2        Level 3
                                                                   HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000

             Recurring fair value measurements

             Financial assets:
             Fair value through profit or loss
             – Trading securities                                   34,999       34,999               –             –
             Fair value through other comprehensive income
             – Bank acceptance bills receivable                    135,461            –        135,461              –

                                                               Fair value at      Fair value measurements as at
                                                              31 December               31 December 2023
                                                                       2023     Level 1        Level 2        Level 3
                                                                   HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000

             Recurring fair value measurements

             Financial assets:
             Fair value through other comprehensive income
             – Bank acceptance bills receivable                   201,961             –        201,961              –

             During the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, there were no transfers between Level 1 and
             Level 2, nor transfers into or out of Level 3 (2023: nil). The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers
             between levels of fair value hierarchy as at the end of the reporting period in which they occur.

             The carrying values of the Group’s financial instruments carried at cost or amortised cost were not
             materially different from their fair values as at 31 December 2024 and 2023.




                                                                                          Annual Report 2024            163
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    29    COMMITMENTS

          Capital commitments in regard of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets outstanding at 31
          December 2024 not provided for in the financial statements were as follows:

                                                                                           2024                2023
                                                                                        HK$’000             HK$’000

          Contracted for                                                                  561,838            691,843

    30    MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

          (a)    Key management personnel remuneration

                 Remuneration for key management personnel of the Group, including amounts paid to the
                 Company’s directors as disclosed in note 8 and certain of the highest paid employees as disclosed
                 in note 9, is as follows:

                                                                                           2024                2023
                                                                                        HK$’000             HK$’000

                 Salaries, bonus, allowance and other benefits                             22,614             12,889

                 Total remuneration is included in “staff costs” (see note 6(b)).

          (b)    Related party transactions

                 During the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, the directors are of the view that the
                 following companies are related parties:

                 Name of party                                             Relationship

                 Sichuan Kelun and its subsidiaries                        The party whose parent has a significant
                   (together as “Kelun Group”)                               influence on the Company
                 Cisen Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Cisen”)                  Associate of the Group




164 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




30    MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

      (b)    Related party transactions (Continued)

             Particulars of the Group’s transactions with these parties are as follows:

                                                                                        2024               2023
                                                                                     HK$’000            HK$’000

             Sales of goods to Kelun Group                                                80,192          60,074
             Provision of research and development services to Kelun
               Group                                                                      517              1,047
             Sales of goods to Cisen                                                   13,604              4,845
             Purchase of pharmaceutical materials from Kelun Group                    179,636            271,944
             Purchase of products manufacturing and transportation
               services from Kelun Group                                                  25,828           8,042
             Purchase of research and development services from
               Kelun Group                                                                 4,712           3,691

      (c)    Related party balances

                                                                                        2024               2023
                                                                   Note              HK$’000            HK$’000

             Amounts due from related parties                       (i)
             – Kelun Group                                                                22,310          10,858
             – Cisen                                                                       1,188             200
             Amounts due to related parties                         (ii)
             – Kelun Group                                                                11,329          11,480

             (i)    The outstanding balances are trading balances related to the sale of pharmaceuticals and
                    medical materials, which is included in “Trade and bills receivables” (See note 17).

             (ii)   The outstanding balances are trading balances related to the purchase of pharmaceutical
                    materials, the purchase of research and development services, and the sale of
                    pharmaceuticals and medical materials, which is included in “Trade and bills payables” (See
                    note 22), “Accruals and other payables” (See note 23) and “Contract liabilities”.

             Amounts due from/to related parties are unsecured, interest-free and expected to be recovered
             within one year.

      (d)    Applicability of the Listing Rules relating to connected transactions

             The related party transactions with Kelun Group constitute connected transactions or continuing
             connected transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The disclosures required by
             Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules are provided in the Report of the Directors.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024     165
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




    31    COMPANY-LEVEL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

                                                                    2024                        2023
                                                              HK$’000    HK$’000          HK$’000       HK$’000

          Non-current assets

          Property, plant and equipment                                           335                       279
          Right-of-use assets                                                   3,734                     5,975
          Investments in subsidiaries                                         944,179                   944,179

                                                                              948,248                   950,433

          Current assets

          Dividends receivable                                130,336                      130,336
          Prepayments, deposits and other receivables           1,317                        1,887
          Amounts due from subsidiaries                        83,580                       83,580
          Cash and cash equivalents                            33,438                       73,441

                                                              248,671                      289,244

          Current liabilities

          Lease liabilities                                     2,283                        2,188
          Accruals and other payables                              94                        8,094
          Amounts due to subsidiaries                         470,456                      613,381

                                                              472,833                      623,663

          Net current liabilities                                             (224,162)                 (334,419)

          Total assets less current liabilities                               724,086                   616,014

          Non-current liabilities

          Lease liabilities                                       1,476                         3,759

                                                                  1,476                         3,759

          NET ASSETS                                                          722,610                   612,255

          Capital and reserves (note 27(a))

          Share capital                                                        65,966                    66,188
          Reserves                                                            656,644                   546,067

          TOTAL EQUITY                                                        722,610                   612,255
          TOTAL EQUITY                                   •                •




          Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 28 March 2025.



                                Qu Jiguang                                          Su Xuejun
                                 Director                                            Director




166 SSY Group Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




32    NON-ADJUSTING EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

      (a)    After the end of the reporting period, the directors proposed a final dividend. Further details are
             disclosed in note 27(b).

      (b)    After the end of the reporting period, 746,000 repurchased ordinary shares treated as treasury
             shares as at 31 December 2024 were cancelled on 5 February 2025 (see note 27(c)(ii)).

      No adjustment has been made in this financial report in this regard.

33    IMMEDIATE AND ULTIMATE CONTROLLING PARTY

      At 31 December 2024, the directors consider the immediate parent and ultimate controlling party of the
      Group to be China Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., which is controlled by Mr. Qu Jiguang and incorporated in
      Samoa. This entity does not produce financial statements available for public use.

34    POSSIBLE IMPACT OF AMENDMENTS, NEW STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS ISSUED BUT NOT
      YET EFFECTIVE FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024

      Up to the date of issue of these financial statements, the HKICPA has issued a number of new or
      amended standards, which are not yet effective for the year ended 31 December 2024 and which have
      not been adopted in these financial statements. These developments include the following which may be
      relevant to the Group.

                                                                                Effective for accounting periods
                                                                                           beginning on or after

      Amendments to HKAS 21, The effects of changes in foreign exchange                         1 January 2025
       rates – Lack of exchangeability

      Amendments to HKFRS 9, Financial instruments and HKFRS 7, Financial                       1 January 2026
       instruments: disclosures – Amendments to the classification and
       measurement of financial instruments

      Annual improvements to HKFRSs – Volume 11                                                 1 January 2026

      HKFRS 18, Presentation and disclosure in financial statements                             1 January 2027

      HKFRS 19, Subsidiaries without public accountability: disclosures                         1 January 2027

      The Group is in the process of making an assessment of what the impact of these developments is
      expected to be in the period of initial application. So far it has concluded that the adoption of them is
      unlikely to have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                       Annual Report 2024          167
    FIVE YEARS FINANCIAL SUMMARY




                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                      2020          2021        2022        2023              2024
                                                   HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000           HK$’000

    RESULTS

    Revenue                                      4,260,898      5,356,763     6,434,025     6,463,009     5,773,251

    Profit before taxation                         725,215       948,397      1,399,152     1,583,569     1,281,603

    Profit attributable to equity shareholders     611,971       785,533      1,122,837     1,318,616     1,061,150

                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                      2020          2021         2022       2023              2024
                                                   HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000    HK$’000           HK$’000

    ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

    Total assets                                  9,253,707    10,708,720    10,966,512    11,966,336    12,603,680
    Total liabilities                            (3,338,496)   (4,216,012)   (4,420,688)   (4,697,644)   (5,068,030)
    Non-controlling interests                      (263,175)     (273,845)     (332,224)     (336,158)     (315,410)

    Equity attributable to equity shareholders   5,652,036      6,218,863     6,213,600     6,932,534     7,220,240




168 SSY Group Limited
